pypl-20241231.htm|1|OVERVIEW OVERVIEW At PayPal Holdings, Inc., our mission is to revolutionize commerce globally. Our products are designed to enable digital payments and simplify commerce experiences for consumers and merchants to make selling, shopping, and sending and receiving money simple, personalized, and secure, online or offline, including mobile. Our two-sided platform serves millions of consumers and merchants worldwide. At PayPal Holdings, Inc., our mission is to revolutionize commerce globally. Our products are designed to enable digital payments and simplify commerce experiences for consumers and merchants to make selling, shopping, and sending and receiving money simple, personalized, and secure, online or offline, including mobile.
pypl-20241231.htm|2|Our two-sided platform serves millions of consumers and merchants worldwide. We help consumers transact quickly and securely with merchants, manage their financial lives, and send to and receive money from friends and family around the globe. We provide consumers with a digital wallet that enables them to send payments to merchants securely using a variety of funding sources, which may include a bank account, a PayPal or Venmo account balance, our consumer credit products, a credit card, a debit card, certain cryptocurrencies, or other stored value products such as gift cards, and eligible rewards. We help consumers transact quickly and securely with merchants, manage their financial lives, and send to and receive money from friends and family around the globe. We provide consumers with a digital wallet that enables them to send payments to merchants securely using a variety of funding sources, which may include a bank account, a PayPal or Venmo account balance, our consumer credit products, a credit card, a debit card, certain cryptocurrencies, or other stored value products such as gift cards, and eligible rewards.
pypl-20241231.htm|3|We help merchants connect with customers, increase conversion rates and sales, and grow their businesses in the markets where our services are available. We provide large enterprises and small and medium businesses with online branded checkout solutions, including PayPal and Venmo; online unbranded payments processing, including Braintree and PayPal Complete Payments; our buy now, pay later solutions, which we refer to as PayPal Pay Later; in-person point of sale systems, including Zettle; business financing, including PayPal Working Capital (“PPWC”) and PayPal Business Loan (“PPBL”); payouts capabilities; and risk tools. We help merchants connect with customers, increase conversion rates and sales, and grow their businesses in the markets where our services are available. We provide large enterprises and small and medium businesses with online branded checkout solutions, including PayPal and Venmo; online unbranded payments processing, including Braintree and PayPal Complete Payments; our buy now, pay later solutions, which we refer to as PayPal Pay Later; in-person point of sale systems, including Zettle; business financing, including PayPal Working Capital (“PPWC”) and PayPal Business Loan (“PPBL”); payouts capabilities; and risk tools. We operate a global, two-sided network at scale that connects consumers and merchants with 434 million active accounts across approximately 200 markets as of December 31, 2024.
pypl-20241231.htm|4|We operate a global, two-sided network at scale that connects consumers and merchants with 434 million active accounts across approximately 200 markets as of December 31, 2024. We earn revenues primarily by charging fees for completing payment transactions for our customers and other payment-related services, which are typically based on the volume of activity processed on our payments platform. We also generate revenue from customers for currency conversion, for instant transfers from their PayPal or Venmo account to their bank account or debit card, and to facilitate the purchase and sale of cryptocurrencies; however, we generally do not charge customers to fund or draw from their accounts. We also earn revenue by providing other value added services, which primarily comprise revenue earned through partnerships, interest and fees from our consumer and merchant credit products, interest earned on certain assets underlying customer balances, referral fees, subscription fees, and gateway services. We earn revenues primarily by charging fees for completing payment transactions for our customers and other payment-related services, which are typically based on the volume of activity processed on our payments platform.
pypl-20241231.htm|5|We also generate revenue from customers for currency conversion, for instant transfers from their PayPal or Venmo account to their bank account or debit card, and to facilitate the purchase and sale of cryptocurrencies; however, we generally do not charge customers to fund or draw from their accounts. We also earn revenue by providing other value added services, which primarily comprise revenue earned through partnerships, interest and fees from our consumer and merchant credit products, interest earned on certain assets underlying customer balances, referral fees, subscription fees, and gateway services. Unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, references to “we,” “our,” “us,” “the Company,” or “PayPal” refer to PayPal Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, references to “we,” “our,” “us,” “the Company,” or “PayPal” refer to PayPal Holdings, Inc.
pypl-20241231.htm|6|and its consolidated subsidiaries. 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents KEY PERFORMANCE METRICS KEY PERFORMANCE METRICS In 2024, we processed $1.68 trillion of total payment volume (“TPV”), an increase of 10% compared to 2023, and 26.3 billion payment transactions, an increase of 5% compared to 2023. As of December 31, 2024, we had 434 million active accounts, an increase of 2% compared to December 31, 2023. In 2024, we processed $1.68 trillion of total payment volume (“TPV”), an increase of 10% compared to 2023, and 26.3 billion payment transactions, an increase of 5% compared to 2023. As of December 31, 2024, we had 434 million active accounts, an increase of 2% compared to December 31, 2023.
pypl-20241231.htm|7|We measure the scale of our platform and the relevance of our products and services to our customers through certain metrics, including TPV, payment transactions, and active accounts: We measure the scale of our platform and the relevance of our products and services to our customers through certain metrics, including TPV, payment transactions, and active accounts: TPV is the value of payments, net of payment reversals, successfully completed on our payments platform or enabled by PayPal via a partner payment solution, not including gateway-exclusive transactions. TPV is the value of payments, net of payment reversals, successfully completed on our payments platform or enabled by PayPal via a partner payment solution, not including gateway-exclusive transactions. Number of payment transactions is the total number of payments, net of payment reversals, successfully completed on our payments platform or enabled by PayPal via a partner payment solution, not including gateway-exclusive transactions. Number of payment transactions is the total number of payments, net of payment reversals, successfully completed on our payments platform or enabled by PayPal via a partner payment solution, not including gateway-exclusive transactions. An active account is an account registered directly with PayPal or a platform access partner that has completed a transaction on our platform, not including gateway-exclusive transactions, within the past 12 months.
pypl-20241231.htm|8|A platform access partner is a third party whose customers are provided access to PayPal’s platform or services through such third-party’s login credentials, including individuals and entities that utilize Hyperwallet’s payout capabilities. A user may register on our platform to access different products and may register more than one account to access a product. Accordingly, a user may have more than one active account. The number of active accounts provides management with additional perspective on the overall scale of our platform, but may not have a direct relationship to our operating results. An active account is an account registered directly with PayPal or a platform access partner that has completed a transaction on our platform, not including gateway-exclusive transactions, within the past 12 months.
pypl-20241231.htm|9|A platform access partner is a third party whose customers are provided access to PayPal’s platform or services through such third-party’s login credentials, including individuals and entities that utilize Hyperwallet’s payout capabilities. A user may register on our platform to access different products and may register more than one account to access a product. Accordingly, a user may have more than one active account. The number of active accounts provides management with additional perspective on the overall scale of our platform, but may not have a direct relationship to our operating results. OUR STRENGTHS OUR STRENGTHS Our business is built on a strong foundation designed to drive profitable growth and differentiate us from our competitors.
pypl-20241231.htm|10|We believe that our competitive strengths include the following: Our business is built on a strong foundation designed to drive profitable growth and differentiate us from our competitors. We believe that our competitive strengths include the following: • Two-sided platform — we facilitate online and offline transactions for millions of consumers and merchants. Our relationship on both sides of a transaction enables us to offer unique product experiences designed to remove friction, drive sales, and enhance shopping experiences. We utilize the data about how our customers use our platform to continually innovate and improve it. • Two-sided platform — we facilitate online and offline transactions for millions of consumers and merchants.
pypl-20241231.htm|11|Our relationship on both sides of a transaction enables us to offer unique product experiences designed to remove friction, drive sales, and enhance shopping experiences. We utilize the data about how our customers use our platform to continually innovate and improve it. • Trusted brands — we have built and strengthened well-recognized and trusted brands, including PayPal, Venmo, and Braintree. Our communications and marketing efforts across multiple geographies and demographic groups play an important role in building brand visibility, usage, and overall preference among customers. • Trusted brands — we have built and strengthened well-recognized and trusted brands, including PayPal, Venmo, and Braintree.
pypl-20241231.htm|12|Our communications and marketing efforts across multiple geographies and demographic groups play an important role in building brand visibility, usage, and overall preference among customers. • Open ecosystem — we are technology and platform agnostic. This approach allows our merchants to offer and use a variety of our branded and unbranded payment processing solutions and business financing products, alongside other tools. We give consumers flexibility to make and receive payments using a wide variety of funding options and digital wallet solutions, including their bank account, PayPal and Venmo account balance, buy now, pay later, debit and credit options. • Open ecosystem — we are technology and platform agnostic.
pypl-20241231.htm|13|This approach allows our merchants to offer and use a variety of our branded and unbranded payment processing solutions and business financing products, alongside other tools. We give consumers flexibility to make and receive payments using a wide variety of funding options and digital wallet solutions, including their bank account, PayPal and Venmo account balance, buy now, pay later, debit and credit options. • Scale — our global scale helps us to drive organic growth. As of December 31, 2024, we had 434 million active accounts in approximately 200 markets 1 around the world. • Scale — our global scale helps us to drive organic growth.
pypl-20241231.htm|14|As of December 31, 2024, we had 434 million active accounts in approximately 200 markets 1 around the world. • Risk and compliance management — our enterprise risk and compliance management program is designed to help keep customer information secure and ensure we process legitimate transactions around the world, while identifying and minimizing illegal, high-risk, or fraudulent transactions. • Risk and compliance management — our enterprise risk and compliance management program is designed to help keep customer information secure and ensure we process legitimate transactions around the world, while identifying and minimizing illegal, high-risk, or fraudulent transactions. • Regulatory licenses — we believe that our regulatory licenses, which enable us to operate in markets around the world, are a distinct advantage and help support business growth. • Regulatory licenses — we believe that our regulatory licenses, which enable us to operate in markets around the world, are a distinct advantage and help support business growth.
pypl-20241231.htm|15|1 A market is a geographic area or political jurisdiction, such as a country, territory, or protectorate, in which we offer some or all of our products and services. A country, territory, or protectorate is identified by a distinct set of laws and regulations. 1 A market is a geographic area or political jurisdiction, such as a country, territory, or protectorate, in which we offer some or all of our products and services. A country, territory, or protectorate is identified by a distinct set of laws and regulations. 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents CONSUMER AND MERCHANT PAYMENT SOLUTIONS CONSUMER AND MERCHANT PAYMENT SOLUTIONS Consumer value proposition Consumer value proposition We help consumers transact securely with merchants, manage their financial lives, and send to and receive money from friends and family around the globe.
pypl-20241231.htm|16|Our goal is to create the simplest checkout experience possible for consumers online or offline, including mobile. We drive increased consumer engagement by providing consumers with a wide range of services to manage their finances and enhance their ability to shop online and offline. Our PayPal and Venmo branded checkout experiences allow customers to complete purchases in just a few steps without having to enter payment and address information. We also focus on simplifying and personalizing shopping experiences for our consumers by offering tools for product discovery, price tracking, saving through deals and offers, convenient package tracking, and redemption of shopping rewards. Our PayPal- and Venmo-branded debit and credit cards give consumers the ability to transact in-person through our platform and earn incentives, including cash-back rewards.
pypl-20241231.htm|17|We help consumers transact securely with merchants, manage their financial lives, and send to and receive money from friends and family around the globe. Our goal is to create the simplest checkout experience possible for consumers online or offline, including mobile. We drive increased consumer engagement by providing consumers with a wide range of services to manage their finances and enhance their ability to shop online and offline. Our PayPal and Venmo branded checkout experiences allow customers to complete purchases in just a few steps without having to enter payment and address information. We also focus on simplifying and personalizing shopping experiences for our consumers by offering tools for product discovery, price tracking, saving through deals and offers, convenient package tracking, and redemption of shopping rewards.
pypl-20241231.htm|18|Our PayPal- and Venmo-branded debit and credit cards give consumers the ability to transact in-person through our platform and earn incentives, including cash-back rewards. We also offer consumers person-to-person (“P2P”) payment solutions for domestic and international transfers through our PayPal, Venmo, and Xoom products and services. Our Venmo digital wallet in the United States (“U.S.”) is a leading mobile application used to move money between our customers. Our Xoom international money transfer service enables our customers to send money to people around the world in a secure, fast, and cost-effective way. P2P is an important source of customer engagement and also serves as a customer acquisition channel that facilitates organic growth by enabling potential users to establish active accounts with PayPal or Venmo at the time they make or receive a P2P payment.
pypl-20241231.htm|19|We also offer consumers person-to-person (“P2P”) payment solutions for domestic and international transfers through our PayPal, Venmo, and Xoom products and services. Our Venmo digital wallet in the United States (“U.S.”) is a leading mobile application used to move money between our customers. Our Xoom international money transfer service enables our customers to send money to people around the world in a secure, fast, and cost-effective way. P2P is an important source of customer engagement and also serves as a customer acquisition channel that facilitates organic growth by enabling potential users to establish active accounts with PayPal or Venmo at the time they make or receive a P2P payment. We offer credit products to eligible consumers in certain markets as a funding source at checkout.
pypl-20241231.htm|20|Our consumer credit offerings include our buy now, pay later products in the U.S., United Kingdom (“U.K.”), France, and Germany, among other markets, and in Japan through our Paidy brand. A key attribute of our buy now, pay later products is the absence of interest or consumer late fees for missed payments in most of the geographies where we offer them. Further, we offer interest-bearing installment products for consumers in the U.S. (issued by an independent chartered financial institution) and in Germany. In the U.S., consumers may apply for our PayPal- and Venmo-branded consumer credit cards and our PayPal Credit revolving consumer credit product, which are offered through a partnership with an independent chartered financial institution.
pypl-20241231.htm|21|We offer a PayPal-issued PayPal Credit product in the U.K. We believe that our consumer credit products help us to increase engagement with consumers and merchants on our two-sided network. We offer credit products to eligible consumers in certain markets as a funding source at checkout. Our consumer credit offerings include our buy now, pay later products in the U.S., United Kingdom (“U.K.”), France, and Germany, among other markets, and in Japan through our Paidy brand. A key attribute of our buy now, pay later products is the absence of interest or consumer late fees for missed payments in most of the geographies where we offer them.
pypl-20241231.htm|22|Further, we offer interest-bearing installment products for consumers in the U.S. (issued by an independent chartered financial institution) and in Germany. In the U.S., consumers may apply for our PayPal- and Venmo-branded consumer credit cards and our PayPal Credit revolving consumer credit product, which are offered through a partnership with an independent chartered financial institution. We offer a PayPal-issued PayPal Credit product in the U.K. We believe that our consumer credit products help us to increase engagement with consumers and merchants on our two-sided network.
pypl-20241231.htm|23|We generate revenue from consumers from: foreign currency conversions, instant transfers from their PayPal or Venmo account to their bank account or debit card, and facilitating the purchase and sale of cryptocurrencies; interest, fees, or other revenue from our credit products; and other miscellaneous fees. We also earn revenue from interest earned on certain assets underlying customer balances. We generate revenue from consumers from: foreign currency conversions, instant transfers from their PayPal or Venmo account to their bank account or debit card, and facilitating the purchase and sale of cryptocurrencies; interest, fees, or other revenue from our credit products; and other miscellaneous fees. We also earn revenue from interest earned on certain assets underlying customer balances. Merchant value proposition Merchant value proposition Merchants use our solutions to increase conversion rates and grow and manage their business.
pypl-20241231.htm|24|We employ a technology and platform agnostic approach intended to enable merchants of all sizes to utilize our various products. Our diversified suite of products and services is tailored to meet the needs of merchants regardless of their size or business complexity. We offer a seamless omnichannel solution that helps merchants manage and grow their business. Merchants use our solutions to increase conversion rates and grow and manage their business. We employ a technology and platform agnostic approach intended to enable merchants of all sizes to utilize our various products.
pypl-20241231.htm|25|Our diversified suite of products and services is tailored to meet the needs of merchants regardless of their size or business complexity. We offer a seamless omnichannel solution that helps merchants manage and grow their business. Our PayPal and Venmo branded checkout experiences allow customers to complete purchases in just a few steps without having to enter payment and address information. These seamless experiences reduce cart abandonment and drive higher conversion rates for merchants. Our buy now, pay later solutions are embedded into our branded checkout experiences, which can help increase consumer spend and enable merchants to grow sales.
pypl-20241231.htm|26|Our PayPal and Venmo branded checkout experiences allow customers to complete purchases in just a few steps without having to enter payment and address information. These seamless experiences reduce cart abandonment and drive higher conversion rates for merchants. Our buy now, pay later solutions are embedded into our branded checkout experiences, which can help increase consumer spend and enable merchants to grow sales. Our unbranded payments processing solutions, which includes Braintree and PayPal Complete Payments, allow merchants to quickly and easily provide digital checkout online with a variety of popular ways to pay, including debit and credit cards, digital wallets, PayPal Pay Later, and local payment methods. Our unbranded payments processing solutions, which includes Braintree and PayPal Complete Payments, allow merchants to quickly and easily provide digital checkout online with a variety of popular ways to pay, including debit and credit cards, digital wallets, PayPal Pay Later, and local payment methods.
pypl-20241231.htm|27|We offer a suite of value added services, including payouts, payments orchestration, and fraud prevention and risk management solutions that help reduce merchant losses through proprietary protection programs. We also offer omnichannel solutions that allow merchants to make sales in person using our Zettle by PayPal app, card reader, or point of sale systems. We offer a suite of value added services, including payouts, payments orchestration, and fraud prevention and risk management solutions that help reduce merchant losses through proprietary protection programs. We also offer omnichannel solutions that allow merchants to make sales in person using our Zettle by PayPal app, card reader, or point of sale systems. 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents We offer access to merchant financing products for eligible small and medium-sized businesses through the PPWC and PPBL products, which we collectively refer to as our merchant financing solutions.
pypl-20241231.htm|28|The PPWC product allows businesses to access a loan or cash advance for a fixed fee, based on their annual payment volume processed by PayPal. The PPBL product provides businesses with access to short-term financing for a fixed fee or interest based on an evaluation of the applying business as well as the business owner. In the U.S., these products are provided under a program agreement with an independent chartered financial institution. We believe that our merchant financing solutions enable us to deepen our engagement with our existing small and medium-sized merchants and expand services to new merchants by providing access to capital that may not be available from traditional banks or other lenders. We offer access to merchant financing products for eligible small and medium-sized businesses through the PPWC and PPBL products, which we collectively refer to as our merchant financing solutions.
pypl-20241231.htm|29|The PPWC product allows businesses to access a loan or cash advance for a fixed fee, based on their annual payment volume processed by PayPal. The PPBL product provides businesses with access to short-term financing for a fixed fee or interest based on an evaluation of the applying business as well as the business owner. In the U.S., these products are provided under a program agreement with an independent chartered financial institution. We believe that our merchant financing solutions enable us to deepen our engagement with our existing small and medium-sized merchants and expand services to new merchants by providing access to capital that may not be available from traditional banks or other lenders. We generate revenues from merchants primarily by charging fees for completing their payment transactions and other payment-related services.
pypl-20241231.htm|30|We also earn revenues from interest and fees earned on our merchant loans and advances and interest earned on certain assets underlying customer balances. We generate revenues from merchants primarily by charging fees for completing their payment transactions and other payment-related services. We also earn revenues from interest and fees earned on our merchant loans and advances and interest earned on certain assets underlying customer balances. PROTECTING CONSUMERS AND MERCHANTS PROTECTING CONSUMERS AND MERCHANTS Protecting consumers and merchants on our payments platform from financial and fraud loss is important to successfully compete and sustainably grow our business. Fraudulent activities, such as account takeover, identity theft (including stolen financial information), and malicious activities by counterparties, represent a significant risk to consumers and merchants, as well as their payment partners.
pypl-20241231.htm|31|In addition to the protections afforded by applicable law, we provide consumers and merchants with protection programs for certain purchase transactions completed on our payments platform. Our protection programs help protect both consumers and merchants from financial loss resulting from, among other things, counterparty non-performance. These programs are designed to promote confidence on the part of both consumers, who will be reimbursed in certain circumstances, such as not receiving their purchased item in the condition significantly as described, as well as merchants, who will receive payment in certain circumstances, such as establishing proof of shipment or delivery of an item to the customer. We believe that these programs are generally consistent with or broader than protections provided by other participants in the payments industry. Protecting consumers and merchants on our payments platform from financial and fraud loss is important to successfully compete and sustainably grow our business.
pypl-20241231.htm|32|Fraudulent activities, such as account takeover, identity theft (including stolen financial information), and malicious activities by counterparties, represent a significant risk to consumers and merchants, as well as their payment partners. In addition to the protections afforded by applicable law, we provide consumers and merchants with protection programs for certain purchase transactions completed on our payments platform. Our protection programs help protect both consumers and merchants from financial loss resulting from, among other things, counterparty non-performance. These programs are designed to promote confidence on the part of both consumers, who will be reimbursed in certain circumstances, such as not receiving their purchased item in the condition significantly as described, as well as merchants, who will receive payment in certain circumstances, such as establishing proof of shipment or delivery of an item to the customer. We believe that these programs are generally consistent with or broader than protections provided by other participants in the payments industry.
pypl-20241231.htm|33|Our ability to help protect both consumers and merchants is based largely on our proprietary, end-to-end payments platform and our ability to utilize the data from both sides of transactions on our two-sided network, specifically from buyers and sellers and from senders and receivers of payments. Our ongoing investment in systems and processes is designed to enhance the safety and security of our products and reflects our goal of having PayPal recognized as one of the world’s most trusted payments brands. Our ability to help protect both consumers and merchants is based largely on our proprietary, end-to-end payments platform and our ability to utilize the data from both sides of transactions on our two-sided network, specifically from buyers and sellers and from senders and receivers of payments. Our ongoing investment in systems and processes is designed to enhance the safety and security of our products and reflects our goal of having PayPal recognized as one of the world’s most trusted payments brands. COMPETITION COMPETITION The global payments industry is highly competitive, dynamic, and innovative, and subject to regulatory scrutiny and oversight.
pypl-20241231.htm|34|Many of the areas in which we compete evolve rapidly with innovative and disruptive technologies, shifting user preferences and needs, price sensitivity of consumers and merchants, and frequent introductions of new products and services. Competition also may intensify as new competitors emerge, businesses combine or enter into new partnerships, and established companies in other segments expand to become competitive with various aspects of our business. The global payments industry is highly competitive, dynamic, and innovative, and subject to regulatory scrutiny and oversight. Many of the areas in which we compete evolve rapidly with innovative and disruptive technologies, shifting user preferences and needs, price sensitivity of consumers and merchants, and frequent introductions of new products and services. Competition also may intensify as new competitors emerge, businesses combine or enter into new partnerships, and established companies in other segments expand to become competitive with various aspects of our business.
pypl-20241231.htm|35|Our business faces competition from a wide range of businesses and from all forms of physical and electronic payments. We face competition from banks and financial institutions, which provide traditional payment methods (particularly credit cards and debit cards (collectively, “payment cards”), electronic bank transfers, credit, and installment methods), payment networks that facilitate payments for payment cards or proprietary retail networks, payment card processors, and “card on file” services. We also face competition from providers offering a variety of payment products and services ranging from broader platform solutions to point solutions focused on a specific functionality or feature, including tokenized and contactless payment cards, digital wallets and mobile payments solutions, credit, installment or other buy now, pay later methods, real-time payment systems, P2P payments and money remittance services, card readers and other devices or technologies for payment at point of sale (such as contactless cards, tokenized cards, Near Field Communication (NFC) based solutions, and Quick Response (QR) code based solutions), value added services related to payments (such as payouts, payment orchestration, foreign exchange and risk solutions), virtual currencies (such as cryptocurrencies and stablecoins) and distributed ledger technologies, and tools that simplify and personalize shopping experiences for consumers and merchants. Our products and services also face competition from paper-based payments (primarily cash and checks). Our business faces competition from a wide range of businesses and from all forms of physical and electronic payments.
pypl-20241231.htm|36|We face competition from banks and financial institutions, which provide traditional payment methods (particularly credit cards and debit cards (collectively, “payment cards”), electronic bank transfers, credit, and installment methods), payment networks that facilitate payments for payment cards or proprietary retail networks, payment card processors, and “card on file” services. We also face competition from providers offering a variety of payment products and services ranging from broader platform solutions to point solutions focused on a specific functionality or feature, including tokenized and contactless payment cards, digital wallets and mobile payments solutions, credit, installment or other buy now, pay later methods, real-time payment systems, P2P payments and money remittance services, card readers and other devices or technologies for payment at point of sale (such as contactless cards, tokenized cards, Near Field Communication (NFC) based solutions, and Quick Response (QR) code based solutions), value added services related to payments (such as payouts, payment orchestration, foreign exchange and risk solutions), virtual currencies (such as cryptocurrencies and stablecoins) and distributed ledger technologies, and tools that simplify and personalize shopping experiences for consumers and merchants. Our products and services also face competition from paper-based payments (primarily cash and checks). 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents We differentiate ourselves to consumers through our broad acceptance and the ability to use our products and services across multiple commerce channels, including e-commerce, mobile, and offline payments, and without sharing their financial information with the merchant or any other party they are paying; our customer service, dispute resolution, and purchase protection programs; and our ability to simplify and personalize shopping experiences. In addition, we differentiate ourselves to merchants through our ability to innovate and develop products and services that offer new payment experiences or functionality for our merchants, demonstrate that they may achieve incremental sales by using and offering our services to consumers, and support transactions on our payments platform across varied technologies and payment methods; through the simplicity and transparency of our fee structure; and through our seller protection programs, analytics, and risk management, as well as other merchant services.
pypl-20241231.htm|37|We invest resources to improve our products and services and expand their acceptance, offer choice in payment options, provide excellent customer service, and build brands that both consumers and merchants trust. We differentiate ourselves to consumers through our broad acceptance and the ability to use our products and services across multiple commerce channels, including e-commerce, mobile, and offline payments, and without sharing their financial information with the merchant or any other party they are paying; our customer service, dispute resolution, and purchase protection programs; and our ability to simplify and personalize shopping experiences. In addition, we differentiate ourselves to merchants through our ability to innovate and develop products and services that offer new payment experiences or functionality for our merchants, demonstrate that they may achieve incremental sales by using and offering our services to consumers, and support transactions on our payments platform across varied technologies and payment methods; through the simplicity and transparency of our fee structure; and through our seller protection programs, analytics, and risk management, as well as other merchant services. We invest resources to improve our products and services and expand their acceptance, offer choice in payment options, provide excellent customer service, and build brands that both consumers and merchants trust.
