<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240208_10-K_edgar_data_1633917_0001633917-24-000024.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23792355</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>472723</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>6847999</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7860019</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4366088</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3767888</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001633917-24-000024.hdr.sgml : 20240208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240207193506
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001633917-24-000024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		175
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PayPal Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001633917
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				472989869
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36859
		FILM NUMBER:		24606404

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2211 NORTH FIRST STREET
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95131
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(408) 967-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2211 NORTH FIRST STREET
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95131

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001633917-24-000024.txt : 20240208

10-K
 1
 pypl-20231231.htm
 10-K

pypl-20231231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 . 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion based on the closing sale price as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 
 
 As of February 1, 2024, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 1C. 
 C y b er secu rity 
 31 
 Item 2. Properties 
 32 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 33 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 34 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 53 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 55 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 55 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 56 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 56 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 56 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 56 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 56 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 56 
 Item 14. Principal Account a nt Fees and Services 
 56 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 57 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 123 
 
 Trademarks, Trade Names and Service Marks 
 PayPal owns or has rights to use the trademarks, service marks, and trade names that it uses in conjunction with the operation of its business. Some of the more important trademarks that PayPal owns or has rights to use that appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include: PayPal , PayPal Credit , Braintree, Venmo, Xoom, Zettle, Hyperwallet, Honey, and Paidy, which may be registered or trademarked in the United States and other jurisdictions. PayPal s rights to some of these trademarks may be limited to select markets. This report may contain additional trade names and trademarks of other companies. The use or display of other companies trade names or trademarks does not imply our endorsement or sponsorship of, or a relationship with these companies. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements that involve expectations, plans or intentions (such as those relating to future business, future results of operations or financial condition, new or planned features or services, mergers or acquisitions, or management strategies). These forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as may, will, would, should, could, expect, anticipate, believe, estimate, intend, "continue," strategy, future, opportunity, plan, project, forecast, and other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, those discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Form 10-K, as well as in our consolidated financial statements, related notes, and the other information appearing in this report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). We do not intend, and undertake no obligation except as required by law, to update any of our forward-looking statements after the date of this report to reflect actual results, new information, or future events or circumstances. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. You should read the information in this report in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear in this report. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in January 2015 and is a leading technology platform that enables digital payments and simplifies commerce experiences on behalf of merchants and consumers worldwide. PayPal is committed to democratizing financial services to help improve the financial health of individuals and to increase economic opportunity for entrepreneurs and businesses of all sizes around the world. Our goal is to enable our merchants and consumers to manage and move their money anywhere in the world in the markets we serve, anytime, on any platform, and using any device when sending payments or getting paid, including person-to-person P2P payments. We believe that effective management of non-financial risks and opportunities, including environmental, social, and governance ESG topics, helps to create value for our stakeholders and deliver on our mission and strategy. We also believe that our core values help stimulate the creativity and engagement of our global workforce to deliver products and services designed to meet the diverse needs of our customers. Unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, references to we, our, us, the Company, or PayPal refer to PayPal Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

4 

Table of Contents 

PayPal s payment solutions enable our customers to connect, transact, and send and receive payments, whether they are online or in person. We provide proprietary payment solutions accepted by merchants that enable the completion of payments on our platform on behalf of our customers. We operate a global, two-sided network at scale that connects merchants and consumers with 426 million active accounts (consisting of 391 million consumer active accounts and 35 million merchant active accounts) across approximately 200 markets as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 We offer our customers the flexibility to use their PayPal or Venmo accounts to send and receive payments for goods and services, as well as the ability to transfer and withdraw funds. We enable consumers to exchange funds more safely with merchants using a variety of funding sources, which may include a bank account, a PayPal or Venmo account balance, PayPal and Venmo branded credit products including our installment products, a credit card, a debit card, certain cryptocurrencies, or other stored value products such as gift cards, and eligible rewards. Our PayPal and Venmo products also make it safer and simpler for friends and family to transfer funds to each other. We offer merchants an end-to-end payments solution that provides authorization and settlement capabilities, as well as instant access to funds and payouts. We help merchants connect with their customers, and offer tools and insights to help increase sales, power omnichannel experiences, and manage risk. We also help reduce the friction typically involved in cross-border commerce by offering consumers a simple payment experience and by enabling merchants to extend their reach to consumers in the global markets in which our services are available. 
 
 We earn revenues primarily by charging fees for completing payment transactions for our customers and other payment-related services, which are typically based on the volume of activity processed on our payments platform. We also generate revenue from customers for currency conversion, for instant transfers from their PayPal or Venmo account to their bank account or debit card, and to facilitate the purchase and sale of cryptocurrencies; however, we generally do not charge customers to fund or draw from their accounts. We also earn revenue by providing other value-added services, which primarily comprise revenue earned through partnerships, interest and fees from our merchant and consumer credit products, interest earned on certain assets underlying customer balances, referral fees, subscription fees, and gateway services. 

5 

Table of Contents 

 KEY PERFORMANCE METRICS 

We measure the scale of our platform and the relevance of our products and services to our customers through certain metrics, including total payment volume, payment transactions, and active accounts: 
 
 Total payment volume TPV is the value of payments, net of payment reversals, successfully completed on our payments platform or enabled by PayPal via a partner payment solution, not including gateway-exclusive transactions. 
 
 Number of payment transactions are the total number of payments, net of payment reversals, successfully completed on our payments platform or enabled by PayPal via a partner payment solution, not including gateway-exclusive transactions. 
 
 An active account is an account registered directly with PayPal or a platform access partner that has completed a transaction on our platform, not including gateway-exclusive transactions, within the past 12 months. A platform access partner is a third party whose customers are provided access to PayPal s platform or services through such third-party s login credentials, including individuals and entities that utilize Hyperwallet s payout capabilities. A user may register on our platform to access different products and may register more than one account to access a product. Accordingly, a user may have more than one active account. The number of active accounts provides management with additional perspective on the overall scale of our platform, but may not have a direct relationship to our operating results. 
 
 OUR STRENGTHS 
 
 Our business is built on a strong foundation designed to drive growth and differentiate us from our competitors. A critical element of our overall growth strategy involves increasing the engagement of our active accounts, which we expect will contribute to growth in payment transactions, total payment volume, and net revenues. We believe that our competitive strengths include the following: 
 
 Two-sided network our payments platform connecting merchants and consumers enables PayPal to offer unique end-to-end product experiences designed to remove friction for consumers and drive sales conversion for merchants while gaining valuable insights into how our customers use our platform. Our payments platform provides for digital and in-store (at the point of sale) transactions while being both technology and platform agnostic. 
 
 Merchant and consumer choice our branded and unbranded card processing payment solutions support an open ecosystem that provides choice to both merchants and consumers, enabling flexibility to make and receive payments using a wide variety of different funding options and digital wallet solutions. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 Scale our global scale helps us to drive organic growth. As of December 31, 2023, we had 426 million active accounts, consisting of 391 million consumer active accounts and 35 million merchant active accounts in approximately 200 markets around the world. A market is a geographic area or political jurisdiction, such as a country, territory, or protectorate, in which we offer some or all of our products and services. A country, territory, or protectorate is identified by a distinct set of laws and regulations. In 2023, we processed 1.53 trillion of TPV. 
 
 Trusted brands we have built and strengthened well-recognized and trusted brands, including PayPal, Braintree, and Venmo. Our communications and marketing efforts across multiple geographies and demographic groups play an important role in building brand visibility, usage, and overall preference among customers. 
 
 Risk and compliance management our enterprise risk and compliance management program is designed to help keep customer information secure and ensure we process legitimate transactions around the world, while identifying and minimizing illegal, high-risk, or fraudulent transactions. 
 
 Regulatory licenses we believe that our regulatory licenses, which enable us to operate in markets around the world, are a distinct advantage and help support business growth. 
 
 MERCHANT AND CONSUMER PAYMENT SOLUTIONS 

In late 2023, we reorganized our operations to be more closely aligned to the customers we serve consumers, small businesses, and large enterprises and to help enable our teams to deliver more seamless and differentiated end-to-end experiences. 
 
 Merchant value proposition 
 
 We partner with our merchants to help grow and expand their businesses by providing global reach and powering all aspects of digital checkout. We offer alternative payment methods including access to credit solutions, provide fraud prevention and risk management solutions, reduce merchant losses through proprietary protection programs, and offer tools and insights for utilizing data analytics to help merchants attract and engage customers and improve sales conversion. We employ a technology and platform agnostic approach intended to enable merchants of all sizes to quickly and easily provide digital checkout online, including through PayPal-branded checkout and unbranded card processing (primarily consisting of Braintree), as well as in person at the point of sale, across all platforms and devices, and to securely and simply receive payments from their customers. 

7 

Table of Contents 

 PayPal s payments platform enables merchants to accept all types of online and in person payments, including those made with the PayPal and Venmo digital wallets, our consumer credit products, credit cards and debit cards, and competing digital wallets, as well as other popular local payment methods. Our diversified suite of products and services is tailored to meet the needs of merchants regardless of their size or business complexity. We offer a seamless, omnichannel solution that helps merchants manage and grow their business. By offering simplified and personalized shopping experiences for consumers, we help merchants drive increased engagement and sales conversion. 
 
 We offer access to merchant financing products for eligible small and medium-sized businesses through the PayPal Working Capital and PayPal Business Loan products, which we collectively refer to as our merchant financing solutions. The PayPal Working Capital product allows businesses to access a loan or cash advance for a fixed fee, based on their annual payment volume processed by PayPal. The PayPal Business Loan product provides businesses with access to short-term financing for a fixed fee or interest based on an evaluation of both the applying business as well as the business owner. In the United States U.S. ), these products are provided under a program agreement with an independent chartered financial institution. We believe that our merchant financing solutions enable us to deepen our engagement with our existing small and medium-sized merchants and expand services to new merchants by providing access to capital that may not be available from traditional banks or other lenders. 
 
 We generate revenues from merchants primarily by charging fees for completing their payment transactions and other payment-related services. We also earn revenues from interest and fees earned on our merchant loans receivables. 
 
 Consumer value proposition 
 
 We focus on providing affordable, convenient, and secure consumer financial products and services intended to facilitate the management and movement of money. We provide consumers with a digital wallet that enables them to send payments to merchants more safely using a variety of funding sources, which may include a bank account, a PayPal or Venmo account balance, our consumer credit products, a credit card, a debit card, certain cryptocurrencies, or other stored value products such as gift cards, and eligible rewards. Our goal is to create the simplest checkout experience possible for consumers both online and on mobile devices. 
 
 We also offer consumers P2P payment solutions for domestic and international transfers through our PayPal, Venmo, and Xoom products and services. Our Venmo digital wallet in the U.S. is a leading mobile application used to move money between our customers and to make purchases at select merchants. Our Xoom international money transfer service enables our customers to send money to people around the world in a secure, fast, and cost-effective way. P2P is an important source of customer engagement and also serves as a customer acquisition channel that facilitates organic growth by enabling potential users to establish active accounts with PayPal or Venmo at the time they make or receive a P2P payment. 
 
 We also focus on simplifying and personalizing shopping experiences for our consumers by offering tools for product discovery, price tracking, saving through deals and offers, convenient package tracking, and redemption of shopping rewards, which help our merchants to increase consumer engagement and sales conversion. 
 
 We offer credit products to eligible consumers in certain markets as a funding source at checkout. Our consumer credit offerings include our buy now, pay later products in the U.S., United Kingdom U.K. ), France, and Germany, among other markets, and in Japan through our Paidy brand. A key attribute of our buy now, pay later products is the absence of interest or consumer late fees for missed payments in most of the geographies where we offer them. Further, we offer interest-bearing installment products for consumers in the U.S. (issued by an independent chartered financial institution) and in Germany. In the U.S., consumers may apply for our PayPal- and Venmo-branded consumer credit cards and our PayPal Credit revolving consumer credit product, which are offered through a partnership with an independent chartered financial institution. We offer a PayPal-issued PayPal Credit product in the U.K. We believe that our consumer credit products help us to increase engagement with consumers and merchants on our two-sided network. 
 
 We have expanded our consumer value proposition through enhancements to the PayPal and Venmo digital wallets, which provide functionality to enable consumers to more easily check out, explore deals and offers, track and redeem rewards, and to transact with certain cryptocurrencies, including buying, holding, selling, sending, and receiving them in certain markets. Our goal is to drive increased consumer engagement by providing consumers with a wide range of services to manage their finances and enhance their ability to shop online and in person. 
 
 We generate revenue from consumers from: foreign currency conversions, instant transfers from their PayPal or Venmo account to their bank account or debit card, and facilitating the purchase and sale of cryptocurrencies; interest, fees, or other revenue from our credit products; and other miscellaneous fees. 

8 

Table of Contents 

PROTECTING MERCHANTS AND CONSUMERS 
 
 Protecting merchants and consumers on our payments platform from financial and fraud loss is important to successfully compete and sustainably grow our business. Fraudulent activities, such as account takeover, identity theft (including stolen financial information), and malicious activities by counterparties, represent a significant risk to merchants and consumers, as well as their payment partners. In addition to the protections afforded by applicable law, we provide merchants and consumers with protection programs for certain purchase transactions completed on our payments platform. Our protection programs help protect both merchants and consumers from financial loss resulting from, among other things, counterparty non-performance. These programs are designed to promote confidence on the part of both consumers, who will not be required to pay in certain circumstances, such as not receiving their purchased item in the condition significantly as described, and merchants, who will receive payment for delivering an item to the customer. We believe that these programs are generally consistent with or broader than protections provided by other participants in the payments industry. 
 
 Our ability to help protect both merchants and consumers is based largely on our proprietary, end-to-end payments platform and our ability to utilize the data from both sides of transactions on our two-sided network, specifically from buyers and sellers and from senders and receivers of payments. Our ongoing investment in systems and processes is designed to enhance the safety and security of our products and reflects our goal of having PayPal recognized as one of the world s most trusted payments brands. 
 
 COMPETITION 
 
 The global payments industry is highly competitive, dynamic, highly innovative, and increasingly subject to regulatory scrutiny and oversight. Many of the areas in which we compete evolve rapidly with innovative and disruptive technologies, shifting user preferences and needs, price sensitivity of merchants and consumers, and frequent introductions of new products and services. Competition also may intensify as new competitors emerge, businesses combine or enter into new partnerships, and established companies in other segments expand to become competitive with various aspects of our business. 
 
 Our business faces competition from a wide range of businesses and from all forms of physical and electronic payments. We face competition from banks and financial institutions, which provide traditional payment methods (particularly credit cards and debit cards (collectively, payment cards ), electronic bank transfers, credit, and installment methods), payment networks that facilitate payments for payment cards or proprietary retail networks, payment card processors, and card on file services. We also face competition from providers offering a variety of payment products and services, including tokenized and contactless payment cards, digital wallets and mobile payments solutions, credit, installment or other buy now pay later methods, real-time payment systems, P2P payments and money remittance services, card readers and other devices or technologies for payment at point of sale (such as contactless cards, tokenized cards, Near Field Communication (NFC) based solutions, and Quick Response (QR) code based solutions), virtual currencies (such as cryptocurrencies and stablecoins) and distributed ledger technologies, and tools that simplify and personalize shopping experiences for consumers and merchants. Our products and services also face competition from paper-based payments (primarily cash and checks). 
 
 We differentiate ourselves to merchants through our ability to innovate and develop products and services that offer new payment experiences for our merchants, demonstrate that they may achieve incremental sales by using and offering our services to consumers, and support transactions on our payments platform across varied technologies and payment methods; through the simplicity and transparency of our fee structure; and through our seller protection programs, analytics, and risk management, as well as other merchant services. In addition, we differentiate ourselves to consumers through our broad acceptance and the ability to use our products and services across multiple commerce channels, including e-commerce, mobile, and in person payments, and without sharing their financial information with the merchant or any other party they are paying; our customer service, dispute resolution, and purchase protection programs; and our ability to simplify and personalize shopping experiences. We invest resources towards improving our products and services and expanding their acceptance, offering choice in payment options, providing excellent customer service, and building brands that merchants and consumers trust. 
 
 In addition to the discussion in this section, see Item 1A. Risk Factors under the caption We face substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the global payments industry for further discussion of the potential impact of competition on our business. 

9 

Table of Contents 

 STRATEGY 
 
 Our ability to grow revenue is affected by, among other things, the macroeconomic environment and its impact on consumer spending patterns, adoption of digital payment methods, the expansion of multiple commerce channels, the growth of mobile devices and merchant and consumer applications on those devices, the growth of merchants and consumers globally with internet and mobile access, the pace of transition from cash and checks to digital forms of payment, our share of digital payments, and our ability to innovate and introduce new products, services, and features that merchants and consumers value. Our strategy to drive growth in our business includes the following: 
 
 Growing our core business : through expanding our global capabilities, customer base and scale, increasing our customers engagement with our products and services by better addressing their everyday needs to access, manage, and move money, creating seamless checkout experiences, and expanding the adoption of our solutions by merchants and consumers; 
 
 Expanding our value proposition for merchants and consumers : by being technology- and platform- agnostic, partnering with our merchants to grow and expand their business online and in person, including offering merchants risk management and seller protection programs, and providing consumers with simple, secure, and flexible ways to manage and move money across different markets, merchants, and platforms, including offering buyer protection programs and simplifying their shopping experiences; 
 
 Forming and expanding strategic partnerships : by building new strategic partnerships and deepening existing ones to provide better experiences for our customers, offer greater choice and flexibility, acquire new customers, and reinforce our role in the payments ecosystem; and 
 
 Seeking new areas of growth : by focusing on innovation in both the digital and physical worlds and finding opportunities to expand and improve upon our existing products and capabilities. 

TECHNOLOGY 
 
 Our payments platform utilizes a combination of proprietary and third-party technologies and services intended to facilitate transactions efficiently and securely between millions of merchants and consumers worldwide across different channels, markets, and networks. Our payments platform connects with financial services providers around the world and allows consumers to make purchases using a wide range of payment methods, regardless of where a merchant is located. Consumers who use our payments platform can send payments in approximately 200 markets around the world and in approximately 150 currencies, withdraw funds to their bank accounts in 56 currencies, and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 24 currencies. 
 
 We have developed intuitive user interfaces, customer tools, transaction management databases, and payment network integrations on our platform designed to enable our customers to utilize our suite of products and services. Our payments platform, open application programming interfaces, and developer tools are designed to enable developers to innovate with ease and offer robust solutions to our global ecosystem of merchants and consumers, while at the same time helping to maintain the security of our customers information. 
 
 The technology infrastructure supporting our payments platform is designed to simplify the storage and processing of large amounts of data and facilitate the deployment and operation of large-scale global products and services in both our own data centers and when hosted by third-party cloud service providers. Our technology infrastructure is designed around industry best practices intended to reduce downtime and help ensure the resiliency of our payments platform in the event of outages or catastrophic occurrences. Our payments platform incorporates multiple layers of protection for business continuity and system redundancy purposes and to help mitigate cybersecurity risks. We have a comprehensive cybersecurity program designed to protect our technology infrastructure and payments platform against cybersecurity threats, which includes regularly testing our systems to identify and address potential vulnerabilities. We strive to continually improve our technology infrastructure and payments platform to enhance the customer experience and to increase efficiency, scalability, and security. 
 
 For additional information regarding risks relating to our technology infrastructure and cybersecurity, see the information in Item 1A. Risk Factors under the captions Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could result in serious harm to our reputation, business, and financial condition and Business interruptions or systems failures may impair the availability of our websites, applications, products or services, or otherwise harm our business . 

10 

Table of Contents 

 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
 
 Our total research and development expense was 1.6 billion, 1.7 billion, and 1.6 billion in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 
 The protection of our intellectual property, including our trademarks, copyrights, domain names, trade dress, patents, and trade secrets, is important to the success of our business. We seek to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on applicable laws, regulations, and administrative procedures in the U.S. and internationally. We have registered our core brands as domain names and as trademarks in the U.S. and many international jurisdictions. We also have an active program to secure and enforce trademarks and domain names that correspond to our brands in markets of interest. We have filed and continue to file patent applications in the U.S. and in international jurisdictions covering certain aspects of our proprietary technology and new innovations. We also rely on contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary rights when offering or procuring products and services. We routinely enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, and non-disclosure agreements with parties with whom we conduct business to control access to, and use and disclosure of, our proprietary information. 
 
 For additional information regarding risks relating to our intellectual property, see the information in Item 1A. Risk Factors under the captions Third parties may allege that we are infringing their patents and other intellectual property rights and We may be unable to protect or enforce our intellectual property . 
 
 GOVERNMENT REGULATION 
 
 We operate globally and in a rapidly evolving regulatory environment characterized by a heightened focus by regulators globally on all aspects of the payments industry, including anti-money laundering, countering terrorist financing, privacy, cybersecurity, and consumer protection. The laws and regulations applicable to us, including those enacted prior to the advent of digital payments, continue to evolve through legislative and regulatory action and judicial interpretation. New or changing laws and regulations, including changes to their interpretation and implementation, as well as increased penalties and enforcement actions related to non-compliance, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We monitor these areas closely and are focused on designing compliant solutions for our customers. 
 
 Government regulation impacts key aspects of our business. We are subject to the laws and regulations applicable to the payments industry in the markets we operate, which are subject to interpretation and change. 
 
 Payments regulation. Various laws and regulations govern the payments industry in the U.S. and internationally. In the U.S., PayPal, Inc. (a wholly-owned subsidiary) holds licenses to operate as a money transmitter (or its equivalent) in the states where such licenses are required, as well as in the District of Columbia and certain territories. These licenses include not only our PayPal-branded products and services, but also our Venmo, Hyperwallet, and Xoom products and services, to the extent offered in these locations. As a licensed money transmitter, PayPal is subject to, among other requirements, restrictions on the investment of customer funds, reporting requirements, bonding requirements, and inspection by state regulatory agencies. In certain cases, these licenses also generally cover PayPal s service enabling customers to buy, hold, transfer, and sell cryptocurrency directly from their PayPal or Venmo account. In the State of New York, PayPal holds a full Bitlicense issued by the New York Department of Financial Services to offer cryptocurrency services in the state. 
 
 Outside the U.S., we provide similar services customized for various countries and foreign jurisdictions through our foreign subsidiaries. The activities of those non-U.S. entities are, or may be, supervised by a financial regulatory authority in the jurisdictions in which they operate. Among other regulatory authorities, the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF ), the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority, the People s Bank of China, the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the Reserve Bank of India, the Central Bank of Russia, and the Central Bank of Brazil have asserted jurisdiction over some or all of our activities in their respective jurisdictions. This list is not exhaustive, and there are numerous other regulatory agencies which have asserted or may assert jurisdiction over our activities. 
 
 In addition, financial services regulators in various jurisdictions, including the U.S. and the European Union EU ), have implemented authentication requirements for banks and payment processors intended to reduce online fraud, which could impose significant costs, make it more difficult for new customers to open PayPal accounts, and reduce the ease of use of our products. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Services supervision . We serve our customers in the U.K. through PayPal U.K. Limited PayPal U.K. ), a wholly-owned subsidiary that is subject to regulation as an electronic money institution in the U.K. by the FCA. PayPal U.K. is authorized and regulated by the FCA from November 1, 2023. We serve our customers in the EU (and the U.K. through October 31, 2023) through PayPal (Europe) S. .r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. PayPal (Europe) ), a wholly-owned subsidiary that is licensed and subject to regulation as a credit institution in Luxembourg by the CSSF. Accordingly, we must comply with rules and regulations of the U.K. and European banking industry, including those related to capitalization, funds management, corporate governance, anti-money laundering, disclosure, reporting, and inspection. We are, or may be, subject to banking-related regulations in other countries now or in the future related to our role in the financial industry. In addition, based on our relationships with our partner financial institutions, we are, or may be, subject to indirect regulation and examination by the regulators of these partner financial institutions. 
 
 Lending regulation . Our U.S. consumer short-term, interest-free, installment product is subject to federal and state laws governing consumer credit and debt collection, and PayPal holds multiple state licenses as the lender for this product. Paidy, Inc. holds multiple licenses for the issuance of its consumer installment products in Japan and is registered with the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry as a Comprehensive Credit Purchase Intermediary. In Australia, PayPal Credit Pty Limited offers a consumer short-term, interest-free, installment product that is exempt from regulation by the primary consumer credit legislation, but is subject to other laws which cover the provision of financial services, credit reporting, debt collection, and privacy. PayPal s consumer short-term, interest-free, installment products in the U.K., France, Germany, Spain, and Italy are generally exempt from primary consumer credit legislation; however, certain consumer lending laws, consumer protection, and banking transparency regulations apply to this activity. 
 
 Our U.S. consumer interest-bearing installment product is subject to federal and state laws and is offered by an independent chartered financial institution. PayPal s interest-bearing installment product for consumers in Germany is subject to applicable local laws such as consumer (lending) laws, consumer protection, or banking transparency regulations. These loans are originated by PayPal (Europe). 
 
 PayPal and Venmo co-branded consumer credit cards and the PayPal Credit revolving consumer credit product are issued by an independent chartered financial institution in the U.S., and are subject to laws and regulations governing these programs. PayPal Credit in the U.K. is a regulated, revolving consumer credit product subject to applicable local laws and regulations. 
 
 Our U.S. merchant lending products are subject to federal and state regulations and are offered by an independent chartered financial institution. Our merchant lending products offered in Germany and France are subject to the laws of Luxembourg and certain local laws, and our merchant lending product offered in the U.K. is subject to U.K. regulation. The loans offered to European and U.K. merchants are originated by PayPal (Europe) and PayPal U.K., respectively. Our merchant lending product in Australia is subject to the laws of Australia and originated by PayPal Credit Pty Limited. 
 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ). The CFPB has significant authority to regulate consumer financial products in the U.S., including consumer credit, deposits, payments, and similar products. As a larger market participant of remittance transfers, we are subject to the direct supervisory authority of the CFPB. The CFPB and similar regulatory agencies in other jurisdictions may have broad consumer protection mandates that could result in the promulgation and interpretation of rules and regulations that may affect our business. 
 
 Anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, and sanctions. PayPal is subject to anti-money laundering AML laws and regulations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions, as well as laws designed to prevent the use of the financial systems to facilitate terrorist activities. Our AML program is designed to prevent our payments platform from being used to facilitate money laundering, terrorist financing, and other illicit activities, or to do business in countries or with persons and entities included on designated country or person lists promulgated by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Controls and equivalent authorities in other countries. Our AML and sanctions compliance programs, overseen by our AML/Bank Secrecy Act Officer, are composed of policies, procedures, and internal controls, and are designed to address these legal and regulatory requirements and assist in managing money laundering and terrorist financing risks. 
 
 Interchange fees. Interchange fees (the transaction fees for processing credit and debit card transactions) are subject to regulation in certain jurisdictions. For example, in the EU, the Multilateral Interchange Fee Regulation caps interchange fees and provides for business rules to be complied with by any company dealing with payment card transactions. Interchange fees are being reviewed or challenged in various jurisdictions. As a result, the fees that we collect in certain jurisdictions may become the subject of regulatory challenge. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 Data protection and privacy. We are subject to a number of laws, rules, directives, and regulations privacy and data protection laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security, processing, and transfer (collectively, processing of personally identifiable information about our customers, our merchants customers, and employees personal data in the countries where we operate. Our business relies on the processing of personal data in many jurisdictions and the movement of data across national borders. As a result, much of the personal data that we process, which may include certain financial information associated with individuals, is subject to one or more privacy and data protection laws in one or more jurisdictions. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between or among us, our subsidiaries, and other parties with which we have commercial relationships. 
 
 Regulatory scrutiny of privacy, data protection, cybersecurity practices, and the processing of personal data is increasing around the world. Regulatory authorities are continuously considering numerous legislative and regulatory proposals and interpretive guidelines that may contain additional privacy and data protection obligations. Many jurisdictions in which we operate have adopted, or are in the process of adopting or amending data privacy legislation or regulation aimed at creating and enhancing individual privacy rights. In addition, the interpretation and application of these privacy and data protection laws in the U.S., Europe, and elsewhere are subject to change and may subject us to increased regulatory scrutiny and business costs. 
 
 Anti-corruption. PayPal is subject to applicable anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Anti-corruption laws generally prohibit offering, promising, giving, accepting, or authorizing others to provide anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to or from a government official or private party in order to influence official action or otherwise gain an unfair business advantage, such as to obtain or retain business. We have implemented policies, procedures, and internal controls that are designed to comply with these laws and regulations. 
 
 Additional regulatory developments. Various regulatory agencies continue to examine and implement laws governing a wide variety of issues, including virtual currencies, identity theft, account management guidelines, disclosure rules, cybersecurity, competition, and marketing, which may impact PayPal s business. Certain governments around the world are adopting laws and regulations pertaining to ESG performance, transparency, and reporting, including those related to general corporate ESG disclosures (e.g., the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive) as well as topical reporting and risk management disclosure requirements, such as obligations related to disclosure of the management of climate-related risks. 
 
 For an additional discussion on governmental regulation affecting our business, please see Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 3. Legal Proceedings included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 ESG MANAGEMENT 
 
 PayPal is committed to creating a more inclusive global economy and advancing our core values of Inclusion, Innovation, Collaboration, and Wellness across our communities, workforce, and strategies. We manage priority ESG risks and opportunities organized across responsible business practices, employees and culture, social innovation, and environmental sustainability. We believe this integrated, enterprise-wide approach to managing our global business responsibly helps to enable us to create value for our stakeholders, including our stockholders, employees, partners, and communities. We continue to advance and prioritize efforts to manage key non-financial factors critical to our long-term business, including further enhancements to support the safety and security of our products and platform, ongoing programmatic development intended to foster an inclusive culture across the employee experience, and progress on our science-based approach to reducing our climate change impacts. We take this commitment seriously and endeavor to provide transparent disclosures on our progress through our annual Global Impact Report and other communications. 
 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 
 At PayPal, we consider the management of our global talent (human capital) to be essential to the ongoing success of our business. As of December 31, 2023, we employed approximately 27,200 people globally, with 45 in the Americas, 42 in Asia-Pacific, and 13 in Europe and the Middle East. Our global employees work predominantly full-time and represent 144 nationalities, across 27 countries, including approximately 10,200 located in the U.S. 

13 

Table of Contents 

Attracting, recruiting, developing, and retaining diverse talent enables us to provide our customers with products and services that help them to thrive in the global economy. In 2023, we continued to build employee awareness and engagement in our leadership principles, which were launched in 2022, to establish a common set of expectations for all employees. We continued to integrate these principles across our global talent strategy to help shape our programs throughout the employee lifecycle and achieve key business priorities. A year after launch, 78 of employees responding to a global survey reported that the leadership principles are now part of their day-to-day work. We also remain focused on promoting the physical, mental, and financial wellness of our employees, particularly as our workforce continues to navigate changes in where and how we work and operate in a dynamic and competitive environment. 
 
 Employee engagement 
 
 We use employee feedback to directly inform the ongoing development of our employee programs. In addition to administering an annual survey to gather input from our global workforce, we also conducted specific surveys to gather direct employee feedback on our specific topics. This year, our 2023 annual employee survey was conducted in September, between the announcement of the appointment of Alex Chriss as PayPal s new CEO and his assumption of the role. We heard from 82 of our global employees. Our engagement score, which reflects whether employees would recommend PayPal to their peers and/or are happy at PayPal, was 77 . Our score measuring intent to stay was 77 , which reflects an employee s expectation to remain employed with the company in two years. 
 
 Talent acquisition, development, and retention 
 
 As a leading technology platform that enables digital payments and simplifies commerce experiences, we compete for top global talent around the world. We believe that a strong culture focused on employee experiences that enables advancement, learning, and individual career insights is essential to the successful acquisition, development, and retention of diverse talent. Accordingly, we have implemented programs focused on inclusive hiring practices and extending our talent pipeline through targeted partnerships, revise our career development program for individuals and managers, extended individual coaching and mentorship programs (particularly for technical and underrepresented talent), and advanced efforts for employees to grow through self-paced and community learning experiences. 
 
 Employee wellness 
 
 We remain focused on promoting the holistic well-being of our employees, including resources, programs, and services to support our employees physical, mental, and financial wellness. Benefits include Global Wellness Days for all employees, resources to foster emotional well-being, and providing workplace flexibility through Crisis Leave and other programs. We promote employee financial wellness, including by offering individual employee financial coaching. Through our global Community Impact program, we support our employees individual passions and communities by matching eligible employee donations and volunteer time with non-profit organizations up to 2,500 annually per employee. 
 
 Diversity, inclusion, equity, and belonging 
 
 We believe that fostering diversity, inclusion, equity, and belonging DIE B is critical to our global talent strategy and pivotal to building a culture that embraces individual characteristics, values diversity, minimizes barriers, and enhances feelings of security and support across the workplace. We are committed to equal pay for equal work and promoting enterprise-wide inclusive learning opportunities. We believe that our strong commitment to DIE B is evident at all levels of the organization from our Board of Directors to our executive leadership team to our global workforce. As of December 31, 2023, 46 of our Board and 75 of our senior leadership team identified as women and/or from a diverse ethnic group. Across our workforce, we reached 55 overall diverse workforce representation, including 43 global gender diversity (inclusive of self-identified women and non-binary employees) and 54 U.S. ethnic diversity, as of December 31, 2023. Additional U.S. workforce diversity metrics can be found in our public EEO-1 reports and annual Global Impact Report available at https://about.pypl.com/values-in-action/reporting/default.aspx. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 Workforce representation is only one aspect of our broader DIE B strategy. In 2023, we continued our support for underrepresented communities and employees, including through activities such as inclusion-focused employee learning modules and our enterprise-wide sponsorship program. We continue to evaluate DIE B progress across the company and as part of the individual performance assessment under our 2023 annual incentive plan for our senior executives. In addition, we empower eight employee resource groups, which are open to all employees, to promote community and belonging for employees that identify as Black, Latinx/Hispanic, women, interfaith, veterans, LGBTQ+, Asian, and disabled persons and their allies. 
 
 Our evolving workplace 
 
 We remain focused on creating a culture of flexibility and community by designing ways to collaborate across diverse workplace models, whether working virtually, on-site, or using a hybrid approach. We empower functional leadership to determine the most appropriate workplace strategy for their teams to optimize employee productivity and engagement and deliver on business priorities. Across PayPal, we are focused on providing tools and resources to support our diverse and distributed teams. We believe this flexible approach has broadened our potential global talent pools. 
 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 
 The address of our principal executive offices is PayPal Holdings, Inc., 2211 North First Street, San Jose, California 95131. Our website is located at www.paypal.com, and our investor relations website is located at https://investor.pypl.com. From time to time, we may use our investor relations site and other online and social media channels, including the PayPal Corporate website (https://about.pypl.com), the PayPal Newsroom (https://newsroom.paypal-corp.com/), PayPal s LinkedIn page (https://www.linkedin.com/company/paypal), Alex Chriss LinkedIn profile (https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexchriss/), Alex Chriss X profile (https://twitter.com/acce), and Jamie Miller s LinkedIn profile (https://www.linkedin.com/in/jamiesmiller/), as a means of disclosing information about the Company, including information which could be deemed to be material to investors. Our Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports are available free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. The content of our websites and information we may post on, provide to, or accessible through online and social media channels, including those mentioned above, are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites or online and social media channels are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

15 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information appearing in this Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, for important information regarding risks and uncertainties that could affect us. These risk factors do not identify all risks we face, and additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, future prospects, and the trading price of our common stock could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 CYBERSECURITY AND TECHNOLOGY RISKS 
 
 Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could result in serious harm to our reputation, business, and financial condition. 
 
 The techniques used to attempt to obtain unauthorized or illegal access to systems and information (including customers personal data), disable or degrade service, exploit vulnerabilities, or sabotage systems are constantly evolving. In some circumstances, these attempts may not be recognized or detected until after they have been launched against a target. Unauthorized parties will continue to attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities through various means, including through hacking into our systems or facilities or those of our customers, partners, or vendors, and attempting to fraudulently induce users of our systems (including employees, vendor and partner personnel and customers) into disclosing user names, passwords, payment card information, multi-factor authentication application access or other sensitive information used to gain access to such systems or facilities. This information may, in turn, be used to access our customers confidential personal or proprietary information and financial instrument data that are stored on or accessible through our information technology systems and those of third parties with whom we partner. This information may also be used to execute fraudulent transactions or otherwise engage in fraudulent actions. Numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats, including advanced and persisting cyberattacks, cyberextortion, distributed denial-of-service attacks, ransomware, spear phishing and social engineering schemes, the introduction of computer viruses or other malware, and the physical destruction of all or portions of our information technology and infrastructure and those of third parties with whom we partner or that are part of our information technology supply chain, are becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, may be difficult to detect, and could compromise the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of the data in our systems, as well as the systems themselves. 
 
 We believe that hostile actors, who may comprise individuals, coordinated groups, sophisticated organizations, or nation state supported entities may target PayPal due to our name, brand recognition, types of data (including sensitive payments- and identity-related data) that customers provide to us, and the widespread adoption and use of our products and services. We have experienced from time to time, and may experience in the future, cybersecurity incidents, including breaches of our security measures, network breaches, and compromise of personally identifiable customer information due to human error, deception, malfeasance, insider threats, system errors, defects, vulnerabilities, or other issues. 
 
 Any cybersecurity incidents, including cyberattacks or data security breaches affecting the information technology or infrastructure of companies we acquire or of our customers, partners, or vendors (including data center and cloud computing providers) could have similar negative effects. 
 
 Under payment card network rules and our contracts with our payment processors, if there is a breach of payment card information stored by us or our direct payment card processing vendors, we could be liable to the payment card issuing banks, including for their cost of issuing new cards and related expenses. Cybersecurity breaches and other exploited security vulnerabilities could subject us to significant costs and third-party liabilities, result in improper disclosure of data and violations of applicable privacy and other laws, require us to change our business practices, cause us to incur significant remediation costs, lead to loss of customer confidence in, or decreased use of, our products and services, damage our reputation and brands, divert the attention of management from the operation of our business, result in significant compensation or contractual penalties from us to our customers and their business partners as a result of losses to or claims by them, or expose us to litigation, regulatory investigations, and significant fines and penalties. While we maintain insurance policies intended to help offset the financial impact we may experience from these risks, our coverage may be insufficient to compensate us for all losses caused by security breaches and other damage to or unavailability of our systems. 
 
 Business interruptions or systems failures may impair the availability of our websites, applications, products or services, or otherwise harm our business. 
 
 Our systems and operations and those of our service providers and partners have experienced from time to time, and may experience in the future, business interruptions or degradation of service because of distributed denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, insider threats, hardware and software defects or malfunctions, human error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, 

16 

Table of Contents 

 and other natural disasters, public health crises (including pandemics), power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, computer viruses or other malware, or other events. The frequency and intensity of weather events related to climate change are increasing, which could increase the likelihood and severity of such disasters as well as related damage and business interruption. Our corporate headquarters are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a seismically active region in California. A catastrophic event that could lead to a disruption or failure of our systems or operations could result in significant losses and require substantial recovery time and significant expenditures to resume or maintain operations. Further, some of our systems, including those of companies that we have acquired, are not fully redundant and any failure of these acquired systems, including due to a catastrophic event, may lead to operational outages or delays. While we engage in disaster recovery planning and testing intended to mitigate risks from outages or delays, our planning and testing may not be sufficient for all possible outcomes or events. As a provider of payments solutions, we are also subject to heightened scrutiny by regulators that may require specific business continuity, resiliency and disaster recovery plans, and rigorous testing of such plans, which may be costly and time-consuming to implement, and may divert our resources from other business priorities. Any of the foregoing risks could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, system failures, cyberattacks, unplanned outages, and other events or conditions from time to time that have and may interrupt the availability, or reduce or adversely affect the speed or functionality, of our products and services. A prolonged interruption of, or reduction in, the availability, speed, or functionality of our products and services could materially harm our business. Frequent or persistent interruptions in our services could permanently harm our relationship with our customers and partners and our reputation. If any system failure or similar event results in damage to our customers or their business partners, they could seek significant compensation or contractual penalties from us for their losses. These claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly for us to address. 
 
 We continue to undertake system upgrades and re-platforming efforts designed to improve the availability, reliability, resiliency, and speed of our payments platform. These efforts are costly and time-consuming, involve significant technical complexity and risk, may divert our resources from new features and products, and may ultimately not be effective. Frequent or persistent site interruptions could lead to regulatory scrutiny, significant fines and penalties, and mandatory and costly changes to our business practices, and ultimately could cause us to lose existing licenses that we need to operate or prevent or delay us from obtaining additional licenses that may be required for our business. 
 
 We also rely on facilities, components, applications, software, and services supplied by third parties, including data center facilities and cloud data storage and processing services. From time to time, we have experienced interruptions in the provision of such facilities and services provided by these third parties. If these third parties experience operational interference or disruptions (including a cybersecurity incident), fail to perform their obligations, or breach their agreements with us, our operations could be disrupted or otherwise negatively affected, which could result in customer dissatisfaction, regulatory scrutiny, and damage to our reputation and brands, and materially and adversely affect our business. While we maintain insurance policies intended to help offset the financial impact we may experience from these risks, our coverage may be insufficient to compensate us for all losses caused by interruptions in our service due to systems failures and similar events. 
 
 In addition, any failure to successfully implement new information systems and technologies, or improvements or upgrades to existing information systems and technologies in a timely manner could adversely impact our business, internal controls, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 If we cannot keep pace with rapid technological developments to provide new and innovative products and services, the use of our products and services and, consequently, our revenues, could decline. 
 
 Rapid, significant, and disruptive technological changes impact the industries in which we operate, including payment technologies (including real-time payments, payment card tokenization, virtual currencies, distributed ledger and blockchain technologies, and proximity payment technology such as Near Field Communication and other contactless payments); internet browser technologies, that enable users to easily store their payment card information for use on any retail or e-commerce website; artificial intelligence and machine learning; developments in technologies supporting our regulatory and compliance obligations; and in-store, digital, and social commerce. 
 
 We expect that new technologies applicable to the industries in which we operate will continue to emerge and may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies we currently use in our products and services. We cannot predict the effects of technological changes on our business, which technological developments or innovations will become widely adopted, and how those technologies may be regulated. Developing and incorporating new technologies into new and existing products and services may require significant investment, take considerable time, and may not ultimately be successful. We rely in part on 

17 

Table of Contents 

 third parties, including some of our competitors, for the development of and access to new or evolving technologies. These third parties may restrict or prevent our access to, or utilization of, those technologies, as well as their platforms or products. Our ability to develop, provide or incorporate new technologies and adapt our existing products and services or develop future and new products and services using new technologies may be limited or restricted by industry-wide standards, platform providers, payments networks, changes to laws and regulations, changing customer expectations, third-party intellectual property rights, and other factors. If we are unable to develop and incorporate new technologies and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards in a timely or cost-effective manner, our business could be harmed. 
 
 LEGAL, REGULATORY AND COMPLIANCE RISKS 
 
 Our business is subject to extensive government regulation and oversight. Our failure to comply with extensive, complex, overlapping, and frequently changing rules, regulations, and legal interpretations could materially harm our business. 
 
 Our business is subject to complex and changing laws, rules, regulations, policies, and legal interpretations in the markets in which we offer services directly or through partners, including, but not limited to, those governing: banking, credit, deposit taking, cross-border and domestic money transmission, prepaid access, foreign currency exchange, privacy, data protection, data governance, cybersecurity, banking secrecy, digital payments, cryptocurrency, payment services (including payment processing and settlement services), lending, fraud detection, consumer protection, antitrust and competition, economic and trade sanctions, anti-money laundering, and counter-terrorist financing. 
 
 Regulators and legislators globally have been establishing, evolving, and increasing their regulatory authority, oversight, and enforcement in a manner that impacts our business. As we introduce new products and services and expand into new markets, including through acquisitions, we expect to become subject to additional regulations, restrictions, and licensing requirements. As we expand and localize our international activities, we expect that our obligations in the markets in which we operate will continue to increase. In addition, because we facilitate sales of goods and provide services to customers worldwide, one or more jurisdictions may claim that we or our customers are required to comply with their laws, which may impose different, more specific, or conflicting obligations on us, as well as broader liability. 
 
 Any failure or perceived failure to comply with existing or new laws, regulations, or orders of any government authority (including changes to or expansion of their interpretation) may subject us to significant fines, penalties, criminal and civil lawsuits, forfeiture of significant assets, and enforcement actions in one or more jurisdictions; result in additional compliance and licensure requirements; cause us to lose existing licenses or prevent or delay us from obtaining additional licenses that may be required for our business; increase regulatory scrutiny of our business; divert management s time and attention from our business; restrict our operations; lead to increased friction for customers; force us to make changes to our business practices, products, or operations; require us to engage in remediation activities; or delay planned transactions, product launches, or improvements. Any of the foregoing could, individually or in the aggregate, harm our reputation, damage our brands and business, and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The complexity of U.S. federal and state and international regulatory and enforcement regimes, coupled with the global scope of our operations and the evolving global regulatory environment, could result in a single event prompting a large number of overlapping investigations and legal and regulatory proceedings by multiple government authorities in different jurisdictions. While we have implemented policies and procedures designed to help ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, and agents will not violate such laws and regulations. 
 
 Payments Regulation 
 
 In the U.S., PayPal, Inc. (a wholly-owned subsidiary) holds licenses to operate as a money transmitter (or its equivalent) in the states where such licenses are required, as well as in the District of Columbia and certain territories. If we fail to comply with applicable laws or regulations required to maintain our licenses, we could be subject to liability and/or additional restrictions, forced to cease doing business with residents of certain states or territories, forced to change our business practices, or required to obtain additional licenses or regulatory approvals, which could impose substantial costs and harm our business. 
 
 While we currently allow our customers to send payments from approximately 200 markets, we allow customers in only approximately half of those markets (including the U.S.) to also receive payments, in some cases with significant restrictions on the manner in which customers can hold balances or withdraw funds. These restrictions may limit our ability to grow our business. 
 
 Outside of the U.S., we principally provide our services to customers in the European Economic Area EEA through PayPal (Europe) S. .r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. PayPal (Europe) ), our wholly-owned subsidiary that is licensed and subject to regulation as a credit institution in Luxembourg and PayPal U.K. Limited PayPal U.K. ), a wholly-owned subsidiary that is subject to 

18 

Table of Contents 

 regulation as an electronic money institution in the United Kingdom U.K. by the Financial Conduct Authority FCA ). PayPal (Europe) or PayPal U.K. may be subject to enforcement actions and significant fines if either violates applicable requirements. If the business activities of PayPal (Europe) exceed certain thresholds, or if the European Central Bank ECB so determines, PayPal (Europe) may be deemed a significant supervised entity and certain activities of PayPal (Europe) would become directly supervised by the ECB, rather than by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier. PayPal (Europe) is also subject to regulation by the ECB under the oversight framework for electronic payment instruments, schemes and arrangements (PISA). Compliance with applicable laws and regulations could become more costly and operationally difficult to manage due to additional supervision, potentially inconsistent interpretations, and domestic regulations by various countries in the region. Applicable regulation relating to payments, anti-money laundering, and digital services, which are key focus areas of regulators and subject to extensive new regulation, could subject us to additional and complex obligations, risks, and associated costs, and impact our ability to expand our business in Europe. 
 
 In many of the other markets outside the U.S. in which we do business, we serve our customers through PayPal Pte. Ltd., our wholly-owned subsidiary based in Singapore. PayPal Pte. Ltd. is supervised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore MAS ). As of July 1, 2023, PayPal Pte. Ltd. has been issued a Major Payment Institution license by the MAS under the Payment Services Act 2019 to continue providing payments services. In order to maintain this license and certain other licenses or registrations we hold in certain markets, we are required to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, which will result in increased operational complexity and costs for our Singapore and international operations. 
 
 In many of the markets outside the U.S. (other than Singapore) served by PayPal Pte. Ltd. or by local branches or subsidiaries subject to local regulatory supervision or oversight, as the case may be, there may be uncertainty whether our Singapore-based service is subject only to Singapore law or also to other local laws, and whether such local laws might require a payment processor like us to be licensed as a payments service, bank, financial institution, or otherwise. 
 
 There are substantial costs and potential product and operational changes involved in maintaining and renewing licenses, certifications, and approvals, and we could be subject to enforcement actions, fines, and litigation if we are found to violate any of these requirements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to (or decide to) continue to apply for or obtain any licenses, renewals, certifications, and approvals in any jurisdiction. In certain markets, we may need to rely on local banks or other partners to process payments and conduct foreign currency exchange transactions in local currency, and local regulators may use their authority over such local partners to prohibit, restrict, or limit us from doing business. Any of the foregoing could, individually or in the aggregate, result in substantial additional costs, delay or preclude planned transactions, product launches or improvements, require significant and costly operational changes, impose restrictions, limitations, or additional requirements on our business, products and services, or prevent or limit us from providing our products or services in a given market. 
 
 Cryptocurrency Regulation and Related Risks 
 
 Our customer cryptocurrency offerings could subject us to additional regulations, licensing requirements, or other obligations or liabilities. Within the U.S., we are regulated by the New York Department of Financial Services as a virtual currency business, which does not qualify us to engage in securities brokerage or dealing activities. The regulatory status of particular cryptocurrencies is unclear under existing law. For example, if the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC were to assert that any of the cryptocurrencies we support are securities, the SEC could assert that our activities involving that cryptocurrency require securities broker-dealer registration or other obligations under the federal securities laws. The rapidly evolving regulatory landscape with respect to cryptocurrency may subject us to additional licensing and regulatory obligations or to additional inquiries or investigations from the SEC or other regulators and governmental authorities, and require us to make product changes, restrict or discontinue product offerings in certain markets, implement additional and potentially costly controls, or take other actions. 
 
 In August 2023, a third-party issuer with which we have partnered commercially (the PYUSD Issuer launched a U.S. dollar-denominated stablecoin named PayPal USD PYUSD ), which was initially available to PayPal U.S. customers and subsequently made available to Venmo customers in September 2023. These PayPal and Venmo customers may, if provisioned for external transfers and subject to our sanctions and anti-money laundering controls, send PYUSD to external wallets not controlled by PayPal. The PYUSD Issuer may also allow institutional users to directly purchase PYUSD from the PYUSD Issuer (as per the PYUSD Issuer s stablecoin terms and conditions). The regulatory treatment of stablecoins is evolving and has drawn significant attention from legislative and regulatory bodies around the world, including the SEC. There are uncertainties on how ongoing changes to federal, state, and international laws and regulations would apply to stablecoins in practice, and we and the PYUSD Issuer may face substantial costs to operationalize and comply with any additional or changed requirement. If we or the PYUSD Issuer fail to comply with regulations, requirements, prohibitions or other obligations applicable to us, we could face regulatory or other enforcement actions, potential fines, and other consequences. In addition, we could face 

19 

Table of Contents 

 reputational harm through our relationship with the PYUSD Issuer if the PYUSD Issuer were to face regulatory scrutiny, PYUSD is deemed to be a security, or PYUSD is alleged to be used for transactions in connection with illicit or illegal activities. 
 
 We hold our customers cryptocurrency assets through one or more third-party custodians. Financial and third-party risks related to our customer cryptocurrency offerings, such as inappropriate access to, theft, or destruction of cryptocurrency assets held by our custodians, insufficient insurance coverage by a custodian to reimburse us for all such losses, a custodian s failure to maintain effective controls over the custody and settlement services provided to us, a custodian s inability to purchase or liquidate cryptocurrency holdings, the failure of the PYUSD Issuer to maintain sufficient reserve assets backing PYUSD and defaults on financial or performance obligations by a custodian, banks with which the PYUSD Issuer maintains reserve assets or counterparty financial institutions, could expose our customers and us to loss, and therefore significantly harm our business, financial performance, and reputation. 
 
 We have selected custodian partners and the PYUSD Issuer, and may in the future select additional custodian partners and stablecoin issuing entities, that are subject to regulatory oversight, capital requirements, maintenance of audit and compliance industry certifications, and cybersecurity procedures and policies. Nevertheless, operational disruptions at any such custodian or issuer, or such custodians or issuer s failure to safeguard cryptocurrency holdings (or reserve assets) could result in losses of customer assets, expose us to customer claims, reduce consumer confidence and materially impact our operating results and our cryptocurrency product offerings. 
 
 Custodial arrangements to safeguard cryptocurrency assets involve unique risks and uncertainties in the event of a custodian s bankruptcy. While other types of assets and some custodied cryptocurrencies have been deemed not to be part of the custodian s bankruptcy estate under various regulatory regimes, bankruptcy courts have not yet definitively determined the appropriate treatment of custodial holdings of digital assets in a bankruptcy proceeding. In the event of a custodian s bankruptcy, the lack of precedent and the highly fact-dependent nature of the determination could delay or preclude the return of custodied cryptocurrency assets to us or to our customers. Although we contractually require our custodians to segregate our customer assets and not commingle them with proprietary or other assets, we cannot be certain that these contractual obligations, even if duly observed by a custodian, will be effective in preventing such assets from being treated as part of the custodian s estate under bankruptcy or other insolvency law. In that event, our claim on behalf of such customers against a custodian s estate for our customers cryptocurrency assets could be treated as a general unsecured claim against the custodian, in which case our customers could seek to hold us liable for any resulting losses. 
 
 In addition, our cryptocurrency product offerings could have the effect of heightening or exacerbating many of the risk factors described in this Risk Factors section. 
 
 Lending Regulation 
 
 We hold a number of U.S. state lending licenses for our U.S. consumer short-term installment loan product, which is subject to federal and state laws governing consumer credit and debt collection. While the consumer short-term installment loan products that we offer outside the U.S. are generally exempt from primary consumer credit legislation, certain consumer lending laws, consumer protection or banking transparency regulations continue to apply to these products. Increased global regulatory focus on short-term installment products and consumer credit more broadly could result in laws or regulations requiring changes to our policies, procedures, operations, and product offerings, and restrict or limit our ability to offer credit products. 
 
 Consumer Protection 
 
 Violations of federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations, including the Electronic Fund Transfer Act EFTA and Regulation E as implemented by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), could result in the assessment of significant actual damages or statutory damages or penalties (including treble damages in some instances) and plaintiffs attorneys fees. We are subject to, and have paid amounts in settlement of, lawsuits containing allegations that our business violated the EFTA and Regulation E or otherwise advance claims for relief relating to our business practices (e.g., that we improperly held consumer funds or otherwise improperly limited consumer accounts). 
 
 In addition, the CFPB, pursuant to its market-monitoring authority, may require us to provide extensive information on our products and offerings. From time to time, we have received orders from the CFPB pursuant to such market-monitoring authority requiring us to provide, among other items, extensive information on our payment products, including with respect to the collection, use of, and access to data and consumer protections, as well as our Buy Now, Pay Later offerings. 

20 

Table of Contents 

Following the departure of the U.K. from the European Union EU and the EEA on January 31, 2020 (commonly referred to as Brexit ), effective November 1, 2023, PayPal s wholly-owned U.K. subsidiary received authorizations from the FCA as an electronic money institution and consumer credit firm, and registration as a cryptoasset business, subject to certain conditions that will require further implementation action by us. If we are unable to meet these requirements, our U.K. business and operations may be impacted and we may be subject to enforcement actions. 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing; Economic and Trade Sanctions 
 
 Regulators globally continue to increase standards and expectations regarding anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing, and to expand the scope of existing laws and regulations to emerging products and markets, which may require us to further revise or expand our compliance program globally and/or in specific jurisdictions, including the procedures we use to verify the identity of our customers and to monitor international and domestic transactions. Such changes could have the effect of making compliance more costly and operationally difficult to manage, lead to increased friction for customers, and result in a decrease in business. Regulators regularly re-examine the transaction volume thresholds at which we must obtain and keep applicable records or the circumstances in which we must verify identities of customers, and any change to such obligations could result in greater compliance costs and impact our business. We are also required to comply with economic and trade sanctions administered by the U.S., the EU and its member states, the U.K., and other jurisdictions in which we operate. Non-compliance with anti-money laundering laws and regulations or economic and trade sanctions may subject us to significant fines, penalties, lawsuits, and enforcement actions, result in regulatory sanctions and additional compliance requirements, increase regulatory scrutiny of our business, restrict our operations, and damage our reputation and brands. Our compliance history may be considered by OFAC and other regulators as part of any potential future investigation of our sanctions regulation. 
 
 Privacy and Protection of Customer Data 
 
 The legal and regulatory environment relating to privacy and data protection laws continues to develop and evolve in ways we cannot predict, including with respect to technologies such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, machine learning, cryptocurrency, and blockchain technology. Any failure or alleged failure by us to comply with our privacy policies as communicated to customers or with privacy and data protection laws relating to our collection, use, storage, transfer, or sharing of customer data with third parties could result in proceedings or actions against us by data protection authorities, other government agencies, or others, which could subject us to significant fines, penalties, judgments, and negative publicity, require us to change our business practices, increase the costs and complexity of compliance, result in reputational harm, and materially harm our business. Compliance with inconsistent privacy and data protection laws may also restrict or limit our ability to provide products and services to our customers. 
 
 PayPal relies on a variety of compliance methods to transfer personal data of EEA individuals to the U.S., including Binding Corporate Rules for internal transfers of certain types of personal data and Standard Contractual Clauses SCCs as approved by the European Commission for transfers to and from third parties. Additionally, in July 2023, the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the U.K. Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework became effective as additional mechanisms to enable transfers of personal data to the U.S. from the EU/EEA, the U.K., and Switzerland, respectively. The new Data Protection Framework (DPF) replaces prior transatlantic personal data transfer regimes that were invalidated by the Court of Justice of the European Union. As such, there are risks in solely relying on the DPF for internal transfers of personal data to the U.S. While PayPal intends to continue to rely on Binding Corporate Rule and SCCs and will evaluate the circumstances under which the DPF may be leveraged for transfers of personal data to the U.S., we may be subject to regulatory enforcement actions if our approach is deemed to be noncompliant. 
 
 Many jurisdictions in which we operate globally have enacted, or are in the process of enacting, data privacy legislation or regulations aimed at creating and enhancing individual privacy rights. For example, numerous U.S. states have enacted or are in the process of enacting state level data privacy laws and regulations governing the collection, use, and retention of their residents personal information. The continued proliferation of privacy laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate is likely to result in a disparate array of privacy rules with unaligned or conflicting provisions, accountability requirements, individual rights, and national or local enforcement powers, which may subject us to increased regulatory scrutiny and business costs and could lead to unintended consumer confusion. 
 
 We are subject to regulatory scrutiny and may be subject to legal proceedings under antitrust and competition laws. 
 
 We are subject to scrutiny by various government agencies regarding antitrust and competition laws and regulations in the U.S. and internationally, including in connection with proposed or implemented business combinations, acquisitions, investments, 

21 

Table of Contents 

 partnerships, commercial agreements and business practices. Some jurisdictions also provide private rights of action for competitors or consumers to assert claims of anticompetitive conduct. Companies and government agencies have in the past alleged, and may in the future allege, that our actions violate the antitrust or competition laws in the U.S. or other jurisdictions in which we operate or otherwise constitute unfair competition, or that our products and services are used so broadly that otherwise uncontroversial business practices could be deemed anticompetitive. Any claims or investigations, even if without merit, may be costly to defend or respond to, involve negative publicity, and cause substantial diversion of management s time and effort, and could result in reputational harm, significant judgments, fines and other remedial actions against us, require us to change our business practices, make product or operational changes, or delay or preclude planned transactions, product launches or improvements. 
 
 We are regularly subject to general litigation, regulatory scrutiny, and government inquiries. 
 
 We are regularly subject to claims, individual and class action lawsuits, arbitration proceedings, government and regulatory investigations, inquiries, actions or requests, and other proceedings alleging violations of laws, rules, and regulations with respect to competition, antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, data protection, information security, anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, sanctions, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, consumer protection (including unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices), the terms of our customer agreements, fraud, accessibility, securities, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, services, charitable fundraising, contract disputes, escheatment of unclaimed or abandoned property, product liability, use of our services for illegal purposes, the matters described in Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies Litigation and Regulatory Matters General Matters to our consolidated financial statements, and other matters. The number and significance of these disputes and inquiries is expected to continue to increase as our products, services, and business expand in complexity, scale, scope, and geographic reach, including through acquisitions of businesses and technology. Investigations and legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, expensive and disruptive to our operations, and could result in substantial judgments, fines, penalties or settlements, negative publicity, substantial diversion of management s time and effort, reputational harm, criminal sanctions, or orders that prevent or limit us from offering certain products or services; require us to change our business practices or customer agreement terms in ways that may increase costs or reduce revenues, develop non-infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies, or pay substantial royalty or licensing fees; or delay or preclude planned transactions or product launches or improvements. Determining legal reserves or possible losses from such matters involves significant estimates and judgments and may not reflect the full range of uncertainties and unpredictable outcomes. We may be exposed to losses in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could be material. If our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 Third parties may allege that we are infringing their patents and other intellectual property rights. 
 
 We are frequently subject to litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. Intellectual property infringement claims against us may result from, among other things, our expansion into new business areas, including through acquisitions of businesses and technology, or new or expanded products and services and their convergence with technologies not previously associated with areas related to our business, products, and services. The ultimate outcome of any allegation or claim is often uncertain and any such claim, with or without merit, may be time-consuming to defend, result in costly litigation, divert management s time and attention from our business, result in reputational harm, and require us to, among other things, redesign or stop providing our products or services, pay substantial amounts to settle claims or lawsuits, satisfy judgments, or pay substantial royalty or licensing fees. 
 
 We may be unable to protect or enforce our intellectual property. 
 
 The protection of our proprietary rights, including our trademarks, copyrights, domain names, trade dress, patents and trade secrets, is important to the success of our business. Effective protection of our proprietary rights may not be available in every jurisdiction in which we offer our products and services. Although we have generally taken measures to protect our intellectual property, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in protecting or enforcing our rights in every jurisdiction, that our contractual arrangements will prevent or deter third parties from infringing or misappropriating our intellectual property, or that third parties will not independently develop equivalent or superior intellectual property rights. We may be required to expend significant time and resources to prevent infringement and enforce our rights, and we may be unable to discover or determine the extent of any unauthorized use of our proprietary rights. If we are unable to prevent third parties from infringing or otherwise violating our proprietary rights, the uniqueness and value of our products and services could be adversely affected, the value of our brands could be diminished, and our business could be adversely affected. We expect to continue to license in the future certain of our proprietary rights, such as trademarks or copyrighted material, to others. These licensees may take actions that diminish the value of our proprietary rights or harm our reputation. Any failure to adequately protect or enforce our 

22 

Table of Contents 

 proprietary rights, or significant costs incurred in doing so, could diminish the value of our intangible assets and materially harm our business. 
 
 BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS RISKS 
 
 We face substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the global payments industry. 
 
 The global payments industry is highly competitive, dynamic, highly innovative, and increasingly subject to regulatory scrutiny and oversight. Many of the areas in which we compete evolve rapidly with innovative and disruptive technologies, shifting user preferences and needs, price sensitivity of merchants and consumers, and frequent introductions of new products and services. Competition also may intensify as new competitors emerge, businesses enter into business combinations and partnerships, and established companies in other segments expand to become competitive with various aspects of our business. 
 
 We compete with a wide range of businesses in every aspect of our business. Some of our current and potential competitors are or may be larger than we are, have larger customer bases, greater brand recognition, longer operating histories, a dominant or more secure position, broader geographic scope, volume, scale, resources, and market share than we do, or offer products and services that we do not offer. Other competitors are or may be smaller or younger companies that may be more agile in responding to regulatory and technological changes and customer preferences. Our competitors may devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of products and services, and/or offer lower prices or more effectively offer their own innovative programs, products, and services. We often partner with other businesses, and the ability to continue establishing these partnerships is important to our business. Competition for relationships with these partners is intense, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to establish, grow, or maintain these partner relationships. If we are unable to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors, drive value for our customers, or effectively and efficiently align our resources with our goals and objectives, we may not be able to compete effectively. See Item 1. Business Competition of this Form 10-K for further discussion of the competitive environment in the markets where we operate. 
 
 Changes to payment card networks or bank fees, rules, or practices could harm our business. 
 
 To process certain transactions, we must comply with applicable payment card, bank or other network (collectively, network rules. The rules govern all aspects of a transaction on the networks, including fees and other practices. From time to time, the networks have increased the fees and assessments that they charge for transactions that access their networks. Certain networks have also imposed special fees or assessments for transactions that are executed through a digital wallet such as the one that PayPal offers. Our payment processors may have the right to pass any increases in fees and assessments on to us and to increase their own fees for processing. Any increase in interchange fees, special fees, or assessments for transactions that we pay to the networks or our payment processors could make our pricing less competitive, increase our operating costs, and reduce our operating income, which could materially harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 In some jurisdictions, government regulations have required payment card networks to reduce or cap interchange fees. Any changes in interchange fee rates or limitations, or their applicability to PayPal, could adversely affect our competitive position against payment card service providers and the revenue we earn from our branded card programs, require us to change our business practices, and harm our business. 
 
 We may also be subject to fines and other penalties assessed by networks resulting from any rule violations by us or our merchants. The networks set and interpret their rules, and have alleged from time to time that various aspects of our business model violate these rules, or our agreements with the networks. Such allegations may result in significant fines, penalties, damages, or other liabilities, adversely impact benefits to us under the agreements, or require changes in our business practices that may be costly and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The network rules may also increase the cost of, impose restrictions on, or otherwise impact the development of, our products which may negatively affect product deployment and adoption. The networks could adopt new operating rules or interpret or re-interpret existing rules that we or our payment processors might find difficult or impractical to follow, or costly to implement, which could require us to make significant changes to our products, increase our operational costs, and negatively impact our business. If we become unable or limited in our ability to accept certain payment types such as debit or credit cards, our business would be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Changes in how consumers fund their PayPal transactions could harm our business. 
 
 We pay transaction fees when consumers fund payment transactions using credit cards, lower fees when consumers fund payments with debit cards, and nominal fees when consumers fund payment transactions by electronic transfer of funds from bank accounts, from an existing PayPal account balance or Venmo account balance, or through our PayPal branded consumer 

23 

Table of Contents 

 credit products. Our financial performance is sensitive to changes in the rate at which our consumers fund payments using payment cards, which can significantly increase our costs. Although we provide consumers in certain markets with the opportunity to use their existing PayPal account balance or Venmo account balance to fund payment transactions, some of our consumers may prefer to use payment cards, which may offer features and benefits not provided as part of their PayPal accounts. Any increase in the portion of our payment volume funded using payment cards or in fees associated with our funding mix, or other events or developments that make it more difficult or costly for us to fund transactions with lower-cost funding options, could materially and adversely affect our financial performance and significantly harm our business. 
 
 Our credit products expose us to additional risks. 
 
 We offer credit products to a wide range of consumers and merchants in the U.S. and various international markets. The financial success of these products depends largely on the effective management of related risk. The credit decision-making process for our consumer credit products uses proprietary methodologies and credit algorithms and other analytical techniques designed to analyze the credit risk of specific consumers based on, among other factors, their past purchase and transaction history with PayPal or Venmo and their credit scores. Similarly, proprietary risk models and other indicators are applied to assess merchants who desire to use our merchant financing offerings to help predict their ability to repay. These risk models may not accurately predict the creditworthiness of a consumer or merchant due to inaccurate assumptions, including those related to the particular consumer or merchant, market conditions, economic environment, or limited transaction history or other data. The accuracy of these risk models and the ability to manage credit risk related to our credit products may also be affected by legal or regulatory requirements, changes in consumer behavior, changes in the economic environment, issuing bank policies, and other factors. 
 
 We generally rely on the activities and charters of unaffiliated financial institutions to provide PayPal and Venmo branded consumer credit and merchant financing offerings to our U.S. customers. As a service provider to these unaffiliated financial institutions, which are federally supervised U.S. financial institutions, we are subject from time to time to examination by their federal banking regulators. In the event of any termination or interruption in a partner bank s ability or willingness to lend, our ability to offer consumer credit and merchant financing products could be interrupted or limited, which could materially and adversely affect our business. We may be unable to reach a similar arrangement with another unaffiliated financial institution on favorable terms or at all. Obtaining and maintaining the lending licenses required for us to originate such loans ourselves would be a costly, time-consuming and uncertain process, and would subject us to additional laws and regulatory requirements, which could significantly increase our costs and compliance obligations and require us to change our business practices. 
 
 Merchant loans under our U.S. PayPal Working Capital PPWC and PayPal Business Loan PPBL products and certain U.S. installment loan products are provided by a state-chartered industrial bank under a program agreement with us, and we acquire the receivables generated by those loans from the state-chartered bank after origination. In June 2020, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC approved a final rule clarifying that loans validly originated by state-chartered banks or insured branches of foreign banks remain valid throughout the lifetime of the loan, reflecting a similar rule finalized by the Office of the Comptroller of Currency OCC in May 2020 for nationally chartered banks. The final rule reaffirms and codifies the so-called valid-when-made doctrine, which provides that the permissibility of an interest rate for a loan is determined when the loan is made and will not be affected by subsequent events such as sale, assignment, or other transfer. While a number of state attorneys general have unsuccessfully challenged these FDIC and OCC rules, there remains some uncertainty whether non-bank entities purchasing loan receivables originated by FDIC-insured, state-chartered banks may rely on federal preemption of state usury laws and other state laws. An adverse outcome of these or similar challenges, or changes to applicable laws and regulations or regulatory policy, could materially impact our U.S. PPWC, PPBL, certain installment products, and our business. 
 
 We are subject to the risk that account holders who use our credit products will default on their payment obligations. The non-payment rate among account holders may increase due to, among other factors, changes to underwriting standards, risk models not accurately predicting the creditworthiness of a user, worsening economic conditions, such as a recession or government austerity programs, increases in prevailing interest rates, and high unemployment rates. Account holders who miss payments often fail to repay their loans, and account holders who file for protection under the bankruptcy laws generally do not repay their loans. Any deterioration in the performance of loans facilitated through our platform or unexpected losses on such loans may increase the risk of potential charge-offs, increase our allowance for loans and interest receivable, negatively impact our revenue share arrangement with an independent chartered financial institution with respect to our U.S. consumer credit products, and materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations . 
 
 We currently purchase receivables related to our U.S. PayPal-branded merchant financing offerings and certain U.S. consumer installment loan products and extend credit for our consumer and merchant products outside the U.S. through our international 

24 

Table of Contents 

 subsidiaries. In June 2023, we entered into a multi-year agreement to sell up to 40 billion of U.K. and European buy now, pay later BNPL loan receivables originated by PayPal (Europe) and PayPal U.K., consisting of the sale of a substantial majority of the U.K. and European BNPL loan portfolio held on PayPal (Europe) s balance sheet at the closing of the transaction and a forward-flow arrangement for the sale of future originations of eligible loans, and in October 2023, we began selling those receivables. The sale of future eligible receivables is subject to certain conditions. If these conditions are not satisfied or waived or if the parties are unable to fulfill their obligations under these arrangements, the sale of these receivables could be delayed and we may not realize the expected benefits of this arrangement. 
 
 From time to time, we may consider other third-party sources of funding (including asset sales, warehouse facilities, forward-flow arrangements, securitizations, partnerships or other funding structures) for our credit portfolio or other receivables. The availability of such third-party funding is subject to a number of factors, including economic conditions and interest rates, and there can be no assurance that any such funding arrangements can be obtained on favorable terms or at all. If we are unable to fund our credit products or the purchase of the receivables related to our credit products and offerings adequately or in a cost-effective manner, the growth of our credit products and our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 
 We rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, which creates additional risk. 
 
 We rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, including networks, banks, payment processors, and payment gateways that link us to the payment card and bank clearing networks to process transactions; unaffiliated third-party lenders to originate our U.S. credit products to consumers, U.S. merchant financing, and branded credit card products; branded debit card and savings products issued by unaffiliated banks; cryptocurrency custodial service providers; and external business partners and contractors who provide key functions (e.g., outsourced customer support and product development functions; facilities; information technology, data center facilities and cloud computing). We are subject to additional risks inherent in engaging and relying upon third-party providers, including legal, regulatory, information security, reputational and operational risks. We are undertaking efforts to diversify our reliance on a small number of third-party payment processors in various markets. We are working with our primary payment processor in the U.S. to facilitate the migration of our arrangements to other payment processors over a transition period in connection with the wind-down of our agreement; however, if we are unable to timely and efficiently migrate our business to other payment processors or experience disruptions in connection with this transition, our business could be harmed. If we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships, these third parties are unable to meet their obligations to us, or we experience substantial disruptions in these relationships, our operations, results of operations, and financial results could be adversely impacted. Additionally, our relationships with third parties inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, governance, and compliance, which potentially increases our financial, legal, reputational, and operational risk. 
 
 Any factors that reduce cross-border trade or make such trade more difficult could harm our business. 
 
 Cross-border trade (i.e., transactions where the merchant and consumer are in different countries) is an important source of our revenues and profits. Cross-border transactions generally provide higher revenues and operating income than similar transactions that take place within a single country or market. In certain markets, cross-border trade represents our primary (and in some instances our only) presence. 
 
 Cross-border trade may be negatively impacted by various factors including foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, tariffs, trade barriers or restrictions, sanctions, import or export controls, and the interpretation and application of laws of multiple jurisdictions in the context of cross-border trade and foreign exchange. Any factors that increase the costs of cross-border trade for us or our customers or that restrict, delay, or make cross-border trade more difficult or impractical could reduce our cross-border transactions and volume, negatively impact our revenues and profits, and harm our business. 
 
 Failure to deal effectively with fraud, abusive behaviors, bad transactions, and negative customer experiences may increase our loss rate and could negatively impact our business and severely diminish merchant and consumer confidence in and use of our services. 
 
 We expect that third parties will continue to attempt to abuse access to and misuse our payments services to commit fraud by, among other things, creating fictitious PayPal accounts using stolen or synthetic identities or personal information, making transactions with stolen financial instruments, abusing or misusing our services for financial gain, or fraudulently inducing users of our systems into engaging in fraudulent transactions. Due to the nature of PayPal s digital payments services, third parties may seek to engage in abusive schemes or fraud attacks that are often difficult to detect and may be deployed at a scale that would otherwise not be possible in physical transactions. Measures to detect and reduce the risk of fraud and abusive 

25 

Table of Contents 

 behavior are complex, require continuous improvement, and may not be effective in detecting and preventing fraud, particularly new and continually evolving forms of fraud or in connection with new or expanded product offerings. If these measures are not effective, our business could be negatively impacted. We also incur substantial losses from erroneous transactions and situations where funding instruments used for legitimate transactions are closed or have insufficient funds to satisfy payments, or the payment is initiated to an unintended recipient in error. Numerous and evolving fraud schemes and misuse of our payments services could subject us to significant costs and liabilities, require us to change our business practices, cause us to incur significant remediation costs, lead to loss of customer confidence in, or decreased use of, our products and services, damage our reputation and brands, divert the attention of management from the operation of our business, and result in significant compensation or contractual penalties from us to our customers and their business partners as a result of losses or claims. While we actively seek to recover transaction losses where possible, such recoveries may be insufficient to compensate us for such losses. 
 
 Our Purchase and Seller Protection Programs protection programs are intended to reduce the likelihood of losses for consumers and merchants from unauthorized and fraudulent transactions. Our Purchase Protection Program also protects consumers who do not receive the item ordered or who receive an item that is significantly different from its description. We incur substantial losses from our protection programs as a result of disputes filed by our customers. We seek to recover losses from our protection programs from the merchant, but may not be able to fully recover our losses (for example, if the merchant is unwilling or unable to pay, the transaction involves a fraudulent merchant, or the merchant provides sufficient evidence that the item was delivered). 
 
 In addition, consumers who pay through PayPal or Venmo may have reimbursement rights from their payment card issuer, which in turn will seek recovery from us. If losses incurred by us related to payment card transactions become excessive, we could lose the ability to accept payment cards for payment, which would negatively impact our business. Regulators and card networks may also adapt error resolution and chargeback requirements to account for evolving forms of fraud, which could increase PayPal s exposure to fraud losses and impact the scope of coverage of our protection programs. Increases in our loss rate, including as a result of changes to the scope of transactions covered by our protection programs, could negatively impact our business. See Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies Protection Programs to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Failure to effectively monitor and evaluate the financial condition of our merchants may expose PayPal to losses. In the event of the bankruptcy, insolvency, business failure, or other business interruption of a merchant that sells goods or services in advance of the date of their delivery or use (e.g., airline, cruise, or concert tickets, custom-made goods, and subscriptions), we could be liable to the buyers of such goods or services, including through our Purchase Protection Program or through chargebacks on payment cards used by customers to fund their purchase. Allowances for transaction losses that we have established may be insufficient to cover incurred losses. 
 
 Use of our payments services for illegal activities or improper purposes could harm our business. 
 
 We expect that users will continue to attempt to use our payments platform for illegal activities or improper uses, including money laundering, terrorist financing, sanctions evasion, illegal online gambling, fraudulent sales of goods or services, illegal telemarketing activities, illegal sales of prescription medications or controlled substances, piracy of software, movies, music, and other copyrighted, trademarked or digital goods, bank fraud, child pornography, human trafficking, prohibited sales of alcoholic beverages or tobacco products, securities fraud, pyramid or Ponzi schemes, or the facilitation of other illegal or improper activity. Moreover, certain activity that may be legal in one jurisdiction may be illegal in another jurisdiction, and a merchant may be found responsible for intentionally or inadvertently importing or exporting illegal goods, resulting in liability for us. Owners of intellectual property rights or government authorities may seek to bring legal action against providers of payments solutions, including PayPal, that are peripherally involved in the sale of infringing or allegedly infringing items by a user. While we invest in measures intended to prevent and detect illegal activities that may occur on our payments platform, these measures require continuous improvement and may not be effective in detecting and preventing illegal activity or improper uses. 
 
 Any illegal or improper uses of our payments platform or failure by us to detect or prevent illegal or improper activity by our users may subject us to claims, individual and class action lawsuits, and government and regulatory requests, inquiries, or investigations that could result in liability, restrict our operations, impose additional restrictions or limitations on our business or require us to change our business practices, harm our reputation, increase our costs, and negatively impact our business. 

26 

Table of Contents 

Acquisitions, dispositions, strategic investments, and other strategic transactions could result in operating difficulties and could harm our business. 
 
 We expect to continue to consider and evaluate a wide array of potential strategic transactions as part of our overall business strategy, including business combinations, acquisitions, and dispositions of certain businesses, technologies, services, products, and other assets; strategic investments; and commercial and strategic partnerships (collectively, strategic transactions ). At any given time, we may be engaged in discussions or negotiations with respect to one or more strategic transactions, any of which could, individually or in the aggregate, be material to our financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying, negotiating, consummating and integrating transaction opportunities. Strategic transactions may involve additional significant challenges, uncertainties, and risks, including challenges of obtaining regulatory or other approvals, integrating new employees, products, systems, technologies, operations, and business cultures; challenges associated with operating acquired businesses in markets or business areas in which we may have limited or no experience; disruption of our ongoing operations and diversion of our management s attention; inadequate data security, cybersecurity, or operational and information technology resilience; failure to identify, or our underestimation of, commitments, liabilities, deficiencies and other risks associated with acquired businesses or assets; potential exposure to new or incremental risks associated with acquired businesses and entities, strategic investments or other strategic transactions, including potential new or increased regulatory oversight and uncertain or evolving legal, regulatory, and compliance requirements, particularly with respect to companies in new or developing businesses or industries; challenges associated with dispositions of business or operations, including disruption to other parts of our business, potential loss of employees or customers, the transfer of technology and/or certain intellectual property rights to third-party purchasers, or exposure to unanticipated liabilities or ongoing obligations to us following any such dispositions; failure of the transaction to advance our business strategy or for its anticipated benefits to materialize; potential impairment of goodwill or other acquisition-related intangible assets; and the potential for our acquisitions to result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities or the incurrence of significant additional debt. Strategic transactions are inherently risky, may not be successful, and may harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Strategic investments in which we have a minority ownership stake inherently involve a lesser degree of influence over business operations. The success of our strategic investments may be dependent on controlling shareholders, management, or other persons or entities that may have business interests, strategies, or goals that are inconsistent with ours. Business decisions or other actions or omissions of the controlling shareholders, management, or other persons or entities who control companies in which we invest may adversely affect the value of our investment, result in litigation or regulatory action against us, and damage our reputation. 
 
 Our international operations subject us to increased risks, which could harm our business. 
 
 Our international operations generate a significant portion of our net revenues. Our international operations subject us to significant challenges, uncertainties, and risks, including local regulatory, licensing, reporting, and legal obligations; costs and challenges associated with operating in markets in which we may have limited or no experience, including effectively localizing our products and services and adapting them to local preferences; difficulties in developing, staffing, and simultaneously managing a large number of varying foreign operations as a result of distance, language, and cultural differences and in light of varying laws, regulations, and customs; differing employment practices and the existence of works councils; difficulties in recruiting and retaining qualified employees and maintaining our company culture; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; exchange control regulations; profit repatriation restrictions; potential tariffs, sanctions, fines, or other trade barriers or restrictions; import or export regulations; compliance with U.S. and foreign anti-bribery, anti-corruption, sanctions, anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing laws and regulations; the interpretation and application of laws of multiple jurisdictions; and national or regional political, economic, or social instability. 
 
 Our international operations also may heighten many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. Any violations of the complex foreign and U.S. laws, rules and regulations that may apply to our international operations may result in lawsuits, enforcement actions, criminal actions, or sanctions against us and, our directors, officers, and employees; prohibit or require us to change our business practices; and damage our reputation. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies. These risks are inherent in our international operations, may increase our costs of doing business internationally, and could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Global and regional economic conditions could harm our business. 

27 

Table of Contents 

 Adverse global and regional economic conditions such as turmoil affecting the banking system or financial markets, including, but not limited to, tightening in the credit markets, extreme volatility or distress in the financial markets (including the fixed income, credit, currency, equity, and commodity markets), higher unemployment, high consumer debt levels, recessionary or inflationary pressures, supply chain issues, reduced consumer confidence or economic activity, government fiscal, monetary and tax policies, U.S. and international trade relationships, agreements, treaties, tariffs and restrictive actions, the inability of a government to enact a budget in a fiscal year, government shutdowns, government austerity programs, and other negative financial news or macroeconomic developments could have a material adverse impact on the demand for our products and services, including a reduction in the volume and size of transactions on our payments platform. Additionally, any inability to access the capital markets when needed due to volatility or illiquidity in the markets or increased regulatory liquidity and capital requirements may strain our liquidity position. Such conditions may also expose us to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates that could materially and adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 If our reputation or our brands are damaged, our business and operating results may be harmed. 
 
 Our reputation and brands are globally recognized, important to our business, and affect our ability to attract and retain our customers. There are numerous ways our reputation or brands could be damaged. We may experience scrutiny or criticism from customers, partners, employees, government entities, media, advocacy groups, and other influencers or stakeholders that disagree with, among other things, our product offering decisions or public policy positions. Damage to our reputation or our brands may result from, among other things, new features, products, services, operational efforts, or terms of service (or changes to the same), or our decisions regarding user privacy, data practices, or information security. The proliferation of social media may increase and compound the likelihood, speed, magnitude, and unpredictability of negative brand events. If our brands or reputation are damaged, our business and operating results may be adversely impacted. 
 
 Real or perceived inaccuracies in our key metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. 
 
 Our key metrics are calculated using internal company data based on the activity we measure on our payments platform and compiled from multiple systems, including systems that are internally developed or acquired through business combinations. While the measurement of our key metrics is based on what we believe to be reasonable methodologies and estimates, there are inherent challenges and limitations in measuring our key metrics globally at scale. The methodologies used to calculate our key metrics require significant judgment. 
 
 We regularly review our processes for calculating these key metrics, and from time to time we may make adjustments to improve the accuracy or relevance of our metrics. For example, we continuously apply models, processes and practices designed to detect and prevent fraudulent account creation on our platforms, and work to improve and enhance those capabilities. When we detect a significant volume of illegitimate activity, we generally remove the activity identified from our key metrics. Although such adjustments may impact key metrics reported in prior periods, we generally do not update previously reported key metrics to reflect these subsequent adjustments unless the retrospective impact of process improvements or enhancements is determined by management to be material. Further, as our business develops, we may revise or cease reporting metrics if we determine that such metrics are no longer appropriate measures of our performance. If investors, analysts, or customers do not consider our reported measures to be sufficient or to accurately reflect our business, we may receive negative publicity, our reputation may be harmed, and our business may be adversely impacted. 
 
 Environmental, social and governance ESG issues may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and damage our reputation. 
 
 Investors, customers, employees, regulators, legislators and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on ESG matters and related disclosures, including with respect to cybersecurity, data privacy and protection, global talent and climate. If we are unable to comply with new laws and regulations or changes to legal or regulatory requirements concerning ESG matters, or fail to meet investor, industry or stakeholder expectations and standards, our reputation may be harmed, customers may choose to refrain from using our products and services, we may be subject to fines, penalties, regulatory or other enforcement actions, and our business or financial condition may be adversely affected. We may also experience additional scrutiny or criticism from investors, customers, partners, media, government entities, and other stakeholders if they perceive PayPal to not have acted appropriately with respect to ESG matters. If our ESG-related data, processes and reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to ESG-related goals on a timely basis, or at all, our reputation, business, financial performance and growth could be adversely affected. 
 
 We specifically recognize the inherent physical climate-related risks where we conduct business. Our primary locations may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change. For example, California, where our headquarters are located, has 

28 

Table of Contents 

 historically experienced, and is projected to continue to experience, extreme weather and natural disaster events more frequently, including drought, water scarcity, flooding, heat waves, wildfires and resultant air quality impacts, and power shutoffs associated with wildfire prevention. Such events may disrupt our business and may cause us to experience additional costs to maintain or resume operations and higher attrition. 
 
 If one or more of our counterparty financial institutions default on their financial or performance obligations to us or fail, we may incur significant losses. 
 
 We have significant amounts of cash, cash equivalents, receivables outstanding, and other investments on deposit or in accounts with banks or other financial institutions in the U.S. and international jurisdictions. As part of our foreign currency hedging activities, we regularly enter into transactions involving derivative financial instruments with various financial institutions. Certain banks and other financial institutions are also lenders under our credit facilities. We regularly monitor our concentration of, and exposure to counterparty risk, and actively manage this exposure to mitigate the associated risk. Despite these efforts, we may be exposed to the risk of default on obligations by, or deteriorating operating results or financial condition or failure of, these counterparty financial institutions. If one of our counterparty financial institutions were to become insolvent, placed into receivership, or file for bankruptcy, our ability to recover losses incurred as a result of default or to access or recover our assets that are deposited, held in accounts with, or otherwise due from, such counterparty may be limited due to the insufficiency of the failed institutions estate to satisfy all claims in full or the applicable laws or regulations governing the insolvency, bankruptcy, or resolution proceedings. In the event of default on obligations by, or the failure of, one or more of these counterparties, we could incur significant losses, which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 If we are unable, or perceived as unable, to effectively manage customer funds, our business could be harmed. 
 
 We hold a substantial amount of funds belonging to our customers, including balances in customer accounts and funds being remitted to sellers of goods and services or recipients of person-to-person transactions. In certain jurisdictions where we operate, we are required to comply with applicable regulatory requirements with respect to customer balances. Our success is reliant on public confidence in our ability to effectively manage our customers balances and handle substantial transaction volumes and amounts of customer funds. Any failure to manage customer funds in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, or any public loss of confidence in us or our ability to effectively manage customer balances, could lead customers to discontinue or reduce their use of our products or reduce customer balances held with us, which could significantly harm our business. 
 
 There are risks associated with our indebtedness. 
 
 We have incurred indebtedness, and we may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our ability to pay interest and repay the principal for our indebtedness is dependent upon our ability to manage our business operations and generate sufficient cash flows to service such debt. Our outstanding indebtedness and any additional indebtedness we incur may have significant consequences, including the need to use a significant portion of our cash flow from operations and other available cash to service our indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available for other purposes, including capital expenditures, acquisitions, strategic investments, and share repurchases; the reduction of our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business, competitive pressures and market conditions; and limits on our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, strategic investments, share repurchases, or other general corporate purposes. 
 
 Our revolving credit facilities and the indentures for our senior unsecured notes pursuant to which certain of our outstanding debt securities were issued contain financial and other covenants that restrict or could restrict, among other things, our business and operations. If we fail to pay amounts due under a debt instrument or breach any of its covenants, the lenders or noteholders would typically have the right to demand immediate repayment of all borrowings thereunder (subject in certain cases to a grace or cure period). Moreover, any such acceleration and required repayment of, or default in respect of, our indebtedness could, in turn, constitute an event of default under other debt instruments, thereby resulting in the acceleration and required repayment of our indebtedness. Any of these events could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 
 Changes by any rating agency to our outlook or credit rating could negatively affect the value of both our debt and equity securities and increase our borrowing costs. If our credit ratings are downgraded or other negative action is taken, the interest rates payable by us under our indebtedness may increase, and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future on favorable terms or at all could be adversely affected. 

29 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in tax laws, exposure to unanticipated additional tax liabilities, or implementation of reporting or record-keeping obligations could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 An increasing number of U.S. states, the U.S. federal government, and governments of foreign jurisdictions, such as the EU Commission, as well as international organizations, such as the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD ), are focused on tax reform and other legislative or regulatory action to increase tax revenue. For example, various countries have proposed or enacted digital services taxes and global minimum tax provisions under the Pillar Two OECD model rules. These actions may materially and adversely affect our effective tax rate, net income, and cash flows. 
 
 The determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires estimation and significant judgment, and there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are currently undergoing a number of investigations, audits, and reviews by tax authorities in multiple U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions. Any adverse outcome of any such audit or review could result in unforeseen tax-related liabilities that differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements, which may, individually or in the aggregate, materially affect our financial results in the periods for which such determination is made. While we have established reserves based on assumptions and estimates that we believe are reasonable to cover such eventualities, these reserves may prove to be insufficient. 
 
 In addition, our future income taxes could be adversely affected by the incurrence of losses or earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates, and earnings being higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates; by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, including as a result of gains on our foreign currency exchange risk management program; by changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles; or by certain discrete items. 
 
 A number of U.S. states, the U.S. federal government, and foreign jurisdictions have implemented and may impose reporting or record-keeping obligations on companies that engage in or facilitate e-commerce to improve tax compliance. A number of jurisdictions are also reviewing whether payment service providers and other intermediaries could be deemed to be the legal agent of merchants for certain tax purposes. We have modified our systems to meet applicable requirements and expect that further modifications will be required to comply with future requirements, which may negatively impact our customer experience and increase operational costs. Any failure by us to comply with these and similar reporting and record-keeping obligations could result in substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions, adversely impact our ability to do business in certain jurisdictions, and harm our business. 
 
 We may be unable to attract, retain, and develop the highly skilled employees we need to support our business. 
 
 Competition for key and other highly skilled personnel is intense, especially for executive talent, software engineers, and other technology talent. We may be limited in our ability to recruit or hire internationally, including due to restrictive laws or policies on immigration, travel, or availability of visas for skilled workers. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel, or our inability to attract, hire, develop, motivate and retain key and other highly qualified and diverse talent, whether in a remote or in-office environment, or protect the safety, health and productivity of our workforce could harm our overall business and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with information disseminated through our products and services. 
 
 We may be subject to claims relating to information disseminated through our online services, including claims alleging defamation, libel, harassment, hate speech, breach of contract, invasion of privacy, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement, or other theories based on the nature and content of the materials disseminated through the services, among other things. We invest in measures intended to detect and block activities that may occur on our payments platform in violation of our policies and applicable laws. These measures require continuous improvement and may not be sufficiently effective in detecting and preventing the exchange of information in violation of our policies and applicable laws. If these measures are not sufficiently effective, our business could be negatively impacted. If the laws or regulations that provide protections for online dissemination of information are invalidated or are modified to reduce protections available to us and we become liable for information provided by our customers and carried on our products and services, we could be directly harmed and we may be forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure, including expending substantial resources or discontinuing certain product or service offerings, which could harm our business. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

30 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 
 CYBERSECURITY RISK MANAGEMENT AND STRATEGY 
 
 Our Information Security Program is designed to support the Company in identifying, protecting, detecting, responding to, and recovering from cybersecurity threats and incidents (collectively, cybersecurity risks with the intention to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our critical systems and information. 
 
 We design and regularly assess our Information Security Program guided by National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework (NIST CSF) and ISO standards (including ISO 27001), proprietary controls and industry best practices. 
 
 Our Information Security Program is built on a three lines of defense model integrated into our overall Enterprise Risk and Compliance Management Program ERCM Program ). It shares common methodologies, reporting channels, and governance processes that apply across the ERCM Program to other legal, compliance, strategic, operational, and financial risk areas. The Program is governed by the Technology, Information Security, and Privacy Risk Management Committee and overseen by our Board of Directors Board and its Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee ARC Committee ). 
 
 The three lines of defense model is designed to provide a structure for risk accountability in the first line of defense FLOD ), effective challenge by the second line of defense SLOD ), and independent risk assurance by the third line of defense TLOD ). Our Office of the Chief Information Security Officer serves as FLOD and provides operational and technical controls and capabilities to protect against cybersecurity risks. The Technology and Information Security team serves as SLOD and provides independent oversight of our technology and cybersecurity risk mitigation practices and capabilities. As TLOD, Internal Audit independently assesses the effectiveness of our first and second line of defense organizations in managing cybersecurity risk and independently reports the results of audits to our ARC Committee to assist it in its oversight duties. 
 
 Our Information Security Program includes: 
 
 Risk assessments designed to help identify material cybersecurity risks to our critical systems, information, products, services, and our broader enterprise Information Technology IT environment; 
 Regular testing of our systems to identify and address potential vulnerabilities; 
 Integrated planning and preparedness activities supporting business continuity and operational resiliency; 
 Security teams principally responsible for managing (1) our annual cybersecurity risk assessment processes, (2) our security controls, and (3) our response to cybersecurity incidents; 
 A cybersecurity incident response plan that includes procedures for responding to cybersecurity incidents; 
 24/7 monitoring and measurement of cybersecurity threats through our PayPal Cyber Defense Center CDC 
 The use of external service providers, where appropriate, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of our security controls; 
 An information training and awareness program for our employees, contractors, incident response personnel, and senior management; and 
 A third-party risk management framework designed to monitor and address risks from cybersecurity incidents of service providers, suppliers, and vendors that includes due diligence over third-party s information security and technology control environment at onboarding and periodically throughout the lifecycle of the relationship. In addition, our standard contractual terms require notification and communication from third parties in the event of a cybersecurity incident. We maintain procedures to respond to, manage and mitigate third-party cybersecurity events and vulnerabilities when identified. 
 
 For a description of risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition, see Item 1A. Risk Factors under the captions Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could result in serious harm to our reputation, business, and financial condition and Business interruptions or systems failures may impair the availability of our websites, applications, products or services, or otherwise harm our business. 

31 

Table of Contents 

 CYBERSECURITY GOVERNANCE 
 
 Our Board considers cybersecurity risk as part of its risk oversight function and has delegated to our ARC Committee oversight of cybersecurity and other information technology risks. The ARC Committee oversees PayPal s overall risk framework, including management s implementation of our cybersecurity risk management program, and reports to the full Board of Directors on a regular basis on cybersecurity and information technology risk management. 
 
 The ARC Committee receives periodic reports from the Chief Information Security Officer CISO on our cybersecurity risks. Our CISO has numerous years of experience at PayPal and other organizations building security products, managing security infrastructure, providing a variety of security services, and overseeing incident response and management, escalation of security events, vulnerability scanning, and security defect management. Management also updates the ARC Committee, as necessary, regarding cybersecurity incidents. 
 
 The ARC Committee reports to the Board regarding its activities, including those related to cybersecurity risk oversight. The Board also receives briefings at least annually from management on our Information Security Program. Board members receive presentations on cybersecurity topics from our CISO and external experts from time to time as part of our continuing education to Board on topics relevant to their service as a member of our Board. 
 
 Our cybersecurity teams, overseen by our CISO, are responsible for assessing and managing our risks from cybersecurity threats, including defining security policy and board reporting of security risk. The CISO approves all security policies and oversees the identification, assessment, and management of cybersecurity risks, which provides a proactive and comprehensive approach to safeguarding our information assets. The teams have primary responsibility for our overall Information Security Program and supervise both our internal cybersecurity personnel and our external cybersecurity consultants. Our cybersecurity teams experience includes cybersecurity incident response, in-depth security assessments and security emulation exercises to evaluate security profile, security research, education and outreach, and security tool development. 
 
 Our cybersecurity teams, in coordination with the CDC, supervise efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate cybersecurity threats and incidents through the operation of our incident response plan and various other means, which may include briefings from internal security personnel, threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources, including external consultants engaged by us, as well as alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in the IT environment. The CDC team oversees, identifies, and addresses security threats aimed at safeguarding PayPal employees, consumers, and merchants. 
 
 Our CISO organization is responsible for independently identifying, measuring, monitoring, controlling and reporting aggregate risks and for setting policies for the management and oversight of risk. The organization monitors cyber regulation requirements, reviews impacts of new products and initiatives, conduct reviews of cyber assessments and testing activities and provides effective challenge to the FLOD risk management activities. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 We own and lease various properties in the United States U.S. and other countries around the world. We use these properties for executive and administrative offices, customer services and operations centers, product development offices, and data centers. As of December 31, 2023, our owned and leased properties provided us with aggregate square footage as follows: 
 United States Other Countries Total (In millions) Owned facilities 0.7 0.2 0.9 Leased facilities 1.3 1.6 2.9 Total facilities 2.0 1.8 3.8 
 We own a total of approximately 70 acres of land, with approximately 49 acres in the U.S. Our corporate headquarters are located in San Jose, California and occupy approximately 0.7 million of owned square feet. 

32 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The information set forth under Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies Litigation and Regulatory Matters to the consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 COMMON STOCK 
 
 PayPal common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the ticker symbol PYPL. 
 
 As of February 1, 2024, there were 3,942 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is significantly greater than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 
 
 DIVIDEND POLICY 
 
 We have never paid any cash dividends and we currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 STOCK REPURCHASE ACTIVITY 
 
 In June 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program that provides for the repurchase of up to 15 billion of our common stock, with no expiration from the date of authorization. Our stock repurchase program is intended to offset the impact of dilution from our equity compensation programs and, subject to market conditions and other factors, may also be used to make opportunistic repurchases of our common stock to reduce outstanding share count. Any share repurchases under our stock repurchase program may be made through open market transactions, block trades, privately negotiated transactions, including accelerated share repurchase agreements or other means at times and in such amounts as management deems appropriate, and will be funded from our working capital or other financing alternatives. Moreover, any stock repurchases are subject to market conditions and other uncertainties and we cannot predict if or when any stock repurchases will be made. We may terminate our stock repurchase program at any time without prior notice. 
 
 The stock repurchase activity under our stock repurchase program during the three months ended December 31, 2023 is summarized as follows: 
 Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share (1) 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (In millions, except per share amounts) Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 11,466 October 1, 2023 through October 31, 2023 
 1.8 58.13 1.8 11,359 November 1, 2023 through November 30, 2023 
 1.9 57.45 1.9 11,247 December 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023 
 6.4 60.37 6.4 10,859 Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 10.1 10.1 10,859 
 (1) Average price paid per share for open market purchases includes broker commissions, but excludes excise tax. 

33 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 You should read the following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear in this report. Unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, references to we, our, us, the Company, and PayPal refer to PayPal Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations focuses on a discussion of 2023 results as compared to 2022 results. For a discussion of 2022 results as compared to 2021 results, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations within our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the SEC on February 10, 2023. 

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT 
 
 THE COMPANY 
 
 We are a leading technology platform that enables digital payments and simplifies commerce experiences on behalf of merchants and consumers worldwide. PayPal is committed to democratizing financial services to help improve the financial health of individuals and to increase economic opportunity for entrepreneurs and businesses of all sizes around the world. Our goal is to enable our merchants and consumers to manage and move their money anywhere in the world in the markets we serve, anytime, on any platform, and using any device when sending payments or getting paid, including person-to-person payments. 
 
 Regulatory environment 
 
 We operate globally and in a rapidly evolving regulatory environment characterized by a heightened focus by regulators globally on all aspects of the payments industry, including countering terrorist financing, anti-money laundering, privacy, cybersecurity, and consumer protection. The laws and regulations applicable to us, including those enacted prior to the advent of digital payments, continue to evolve through legislative and regulatory action and judicial interpretation. New or changing laws and regulations, including changes to their interpretation and implementation, as well as increased penalties and enforcement actions related to non-compliance, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We monitor these areas closely and are focused on designing compliant solutions for our customers. 
 
 Cybersecurity and information security 
 
 Cybersecurity and information security risks for global payments and technology companies like us have increased significantly in recent years. Although we have developed systems and processes designed to protect the data we manage, prevent data loss and other security incidents, and enable us to effectively respond to known and potential risks, and expect to continue to expend significant resources to bolster these protections, we remain subject to these risks and there can be no assurance that our security measures will provide sufficient security or prevent breaches or attacks. For additional information regarding our cybersecurity and information security risks, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could result in serious harm to our reputation, business, and financial condition and Item 1C. Cybersecurity. 
 
 MACROECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT 
 
 The broader implications of the macroeconomic environment, including uncertainty around recent international conflicts including the Russia and Ukraine conflict, supply chain shortages, a recession globally or in markets in which we operate, higher inflation rates, higher interest rates, and other related global economic conditions, remain unknown. A deterioration in macroeconomic conditions could continue to increase the risk of lower consumer spending, merchant and consumer bankruptcy, insolvency, business failure, higher credit losses, foreign currency exchange fluctuations, or other business interruption, which may adversely impact our business. If these conditions continue or worsen, they could adversely impact our future financial and operating results. 

34 

Table of Contents 

 OVERVIEW OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following table provides a summary of our consolidated financial results for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, Percent Increase/(Decrease) 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 (In millions, except percentages and per share amounts) Net revenues 29,771 27,518 25,371 8 8 Operating expenses 24,743 23,681 21,109 4 12 Operating income 5,028 3,837 4,262 31 (10) Operating margin 17 14 17 Other income (expense), net 383 (471) (163) 181 189 Income tax expense (benefit) 1,165 947 (70) 23 Effective tax rate 22 28 (2) Net income (loss) 4,246 2,419 4,169 76 (42) Net income (loss) per diluted share 3.84 2.09 3.52 84 (41) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 4,843 5,813 5,797 (17) 
 All amounts in tables are rounded to the nearest million, except as otherwise noted. As a result, certain amounts may not recalculate using the rounded amounts provided. 
 Not meaningful. 
 
 Net revenues increased 2.3 billion, or 8 , in 2023 compared to 2022 driven primarily by growth in total payment volume TPV , as defined below under Key Metrics of 13 . 
 
 Total operating expenses increased 1.1 billion, or 4 , in 2023 compared to 2022 due primarily to an increase in transaction expense, partially offset by reductions in sales and marketing expense, restructuring and other, and technology and development expense. 
 
 Operating income increased 1.2 billion, or 31 , in 2023 compared to 2022 due to net revenues growing more than operating expenses. Our operating margin was 17 and 14 in 2023 and 2022, respectively, reflecting the positive impact of operating efficiencies in our business and gain on sale of a divested business, partially offset by the negative impact of an increase in transaction expense. 
 
 Net income increased by 1.8 billion, or 76 , in 2023 compared to 2022 due to the previously discussed increase in operating income of 1.2 billion and an increase of 854 million in other income (expense), net, driven primarily by net gains on strategic investments in the current period as compared to net losses and impairments on strategic investments in the prior period as well as higher interest income from an increase in interest rates, partially offset by an increase in income tax expense of 218 million primarily related to higher pre-tax income, inclusive of tax expense associated with net gains on strategic investments and the sale of a divested business. 
 
 IMPACT OF FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATES 
 
 We have significant international operations that are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the British pound, Euro, Australian dollar, and Canadian dollar, subjecting us to foreign currency exchange risk which may adversely impact our financial results. The strengthening or weakening of the United States U.S. dollar versus foreign currencies in which we conduct our international operations impacts the translation of our net revenues and expenses generated in these foreign currencies into the U.S. dollar. In 2023, 2022, and 2021, we generated approximately 42 , 43 , and 46 of our net revenues from customers domiciled outside of the U.S., respectively. Because we generate substantial net revenues internationally, we are subject to the risks of doing business outside of the U.S., including those discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 We calculate the year-over-year impact of foreign currency exchange movements on our business using prior period foreign currency exchange rates applied to current period transactional currency amounts. While changes in foreign currency exchange rates affect our reported results, we have a foreign currency exchange exposure management program in which we use foreign currency exchange contracts, designated as cash flow hedges, intended to reduce the impact on earnings from foreign currency exchange rate movements. Gains and losses from these foreign currency exchange contracts are recognized as a component of transaction revenues or operating expenses (as applicable) in the same period the forecasted transactions impact earnings. 

35 

Table of Contents 

 In the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the year-over-year foreign currency exchange rate movements relative to the U.S. dollar had the following impact on our reported results: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 (In millions) Favorable (unfavorable) impact to net revenues (exclusive of hedging impact) 
 128 (949) Hedging impact 111 462 Favorable (unfavorable) impact to net revenues 
 239 (487) (Unfavorable) favorable impact to operating expense 
 (29) 492 Net favorable impact to operating income 210 5 
 
 While we enter into foreign currency exchange contracts to help reduce the impact on earnings from foreign currency exchange rate movements, it is impossible to predict or eliminate the total effects of this exposure. 
 
 We also use foreign currency exchange contracts, designated as net investment hedges, to reduce the foreign currency exchange risk related to our investment in certain foreign subsidiaries. Gains and losses associated with these instruments will remain in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the underlying foreign subsidiaries are sold or substantially liquidated. 
 
 Given that we also have foreign currency exchange risk on our assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of our subsidiaries, we have an additional foreign currency exchange exposure management program in which we use foreign currency exchange contracts to help offset the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our assets and liabilities. The foreign currency exchange gains and losses on our assets and liabilities are recorded in other income (expense), net, and are offset by the gains and losses on the foreign currency exchange contracts. These foreign currency exchange contracts reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our assets and liabilities. 
 
 Additionally, in connection with transactions occurring in multiple currencies on our payments platform, we generally set our foreign currency exchange rates daily and may face financial exposure if we incorrectly set our foreign currency exchange rates or as a result of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates between the times that we set our foreign currency exchange rates and when transactions occur. 

KEY METRICS AND FINANCIAL RESULTS 
 
 KEY METRICS 
 
 TPV, number of payment transactions, active accounts, and number of payment transactions per active account are key non-financial performance metrics key metrics that management uses to measure the scale of our platform and the relevance of our products and services to our customers, and are defined as follows: 
 
 TPV is the value of payments, net of payment reversals, successfully completed on our payments platform or enabled by PayPal via a partner payment solution, not including gateway-exclusive transactions. 
 
 Number of payment transactions are the total number of payments, net of payment reversals, successfully completed on our payments platform or enabled by PayPal via a partner payment solution, not including gateway-exclusive transactions. 
 
 An active account is an account registered directly with PayPal or a platform access partner that has completed a transaction on our platform, not including gateway-exclusive transactions, within the past 12 months. A platform access partner is a third party whose customers are provided access to PayPal s platform or services through such third party s login credentials, including individuals and entities that utilize Hyperwallet s payout capabilities. A user may register on our platform to access different products and may register more than one account to access a product. Accordingly, a user may have more than one active account. The number of active accounts provides management with additional perspective on the overall scale of our platform, but may not have a direct relationship to our operating results. 

36 

Table of Contents 

 Number of payment transactions per active account reflects the total number of payment transactions within the previous 12-month period, divided by active accounts at the end of the period. The number of payment transactions per active account provides management with insight into the average number of times an account engages in payments activity on our payments platform in a given period. The number of times a consumer account or a merchant account transacts on our platform may vary significantly from the average number of payment transactions per active account. 
 
 As our transaction revenue is typically correlated with TPV growth and the number of payment transactions completed on our payments platform, management uses these metrics to gain insights into the scale and strength of our payments platform, the engagement level of our customers, and underlying activity and trends which may be indicators of current and future performance. We present these key metrics to enhance investors evaluation of the performance of our business and operating results. 
 
 Our key metrics are calculated using internal company data based on the activity we measure on our payments platform and compiled from multiple systems, including systems that are internally developed or acquired through business combinations. While the measurement of our key metrics is based on what we believe to be reasonable methodologies and estimates, there are inherent challenges and limitations in measuring our key metrics globally at our scale. The methodologies used to calculate our key metrics require significant judgment. 
 
 We regularly review our processes for calculating these key metrics, and from time to time we may make adjustments to improve the accuracy or relevance of our metrics. For example, we continuously apply models, processes, and practices designed to detect and prevent fraudulent account creation on our platforms, and work to improve and enhance those capabilities. When we detect a significant volume of illegitimate activity, we generally remove the activity identified from our key metrics. Although such adjustments may impact key metrics reported in prior periods, we generally do not update previously reported key metrics to reflect these subsequent adjustments unless the retrospective impact of process improvements or enhancements is determined by management to be material. 
 
 NET REVENUES 
 
 Our revenues are classified into the following two categories: 
 
 Transaction revenues : Net transaction fees charged to merchants and consumers on a transaction basis based on the TPV completed on our payments platform. Growth in TPV is directly impacted by the number of payment transactions that we enable on our payments platform. We generate additional revenue from merchants and consumers: on transactions where we perform currency conversion, when we enable cross-border transactions (i.e., transactions where the merchant and consumer are in different countries), to facilitate the instant transfer of funds for our customers from their PayPal or Venmo account to their bank account or debit card, to facilitate the purchase and sale of cryptocurrencies, as contractual compensation from sellers that violate our contractual terms (for example, through fraud or counterfeiting), and other miscellaneous fees. 
 
 Revenues from other value added services: Net revenues derived primarily from revenue earned through partnerships, referral fees, subscription fees, gateway fees, and other services we provide to our merchants and consumers. We also earn revenues from interest and fees earned on our portfolio of loans receivable, and interest earned on certain assets underlying customer balances. 
 
 Our revenues can be significantly impacted by a number of factors, including the following: 
 
 The mix of merchants, products, and services; 
 The mix between domestic and cross-border transactions; 
 The geographic region or country in which a transaction occurs; and 
 The amount of our loans receivable outstanding with merchants and consumers. 
 
 Refer to Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Form 10-K for further discussion on factors that may impact our revenue. 

37 

Table of Contents 

 Net revenue analysis 
 
 The components of our net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 were as follows (in millions): 
 
 Transaction revenues 
 
 Transaction revenues grew by 1.7 billion, or 7 , in 2023 compared to 2022 driven primarily by growth in TPV and the number of payment transactions from our Braintree products and services, partially offset by a decline in revenues from our core PayPal products and services, including declines in contractual compensation of 190 million from sellers that violated our contractual terms predominantly in international markets. Transaction revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 were also impacted unfavorably by lower net gains due to hedging activities as compared to the same period of the prior year. 
 
 The graphs below present the respective key metrics (in millions) for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021: 
 
 Reflects active accounts at the end of the applicable period. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of related metrics: 
 Year Ended December 31, Percent Increase/ (Decrease) 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 Number of payment transactions per active account 58.7 51.4 45.4 14 13 Percent of cross-border TPV (1) 
 12 13 16 
 (1) Cross-border TPV occurs primarily between two PayPal accounts in different countries and includes transactions initiated through our Xoom product. 
 Not meaningful 
 
 We had active accounts of 426 million and 435 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, a decrease of 2 . Number of payment transactions was 25.0 billion and 22.3 billion for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, an increase of 12 . TPV was 1.53 trillion and 1.36 trillion or the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, an increase of 13 . 

38 

Table of Contents 

 Transaction revenues growth was lower than the growth in TPV and the number of payment transactions in 2023 due primarily to a decline in revenues from core PayPal products and services, an unfavorable impact from hedging, and declines in foreign currency exchange fees. 
 
 Revenues from other value added services 
 
 Revenues from other value added services increased by 602 million, or 26 , in 2023 compared to 2022 due primarily to increases in interest earned on certain assets underlying customer account balances resulting from higher interest rates, and to a lesser extent, interest and fee revenue on our loans receivable portfolio driven by consumer interest-bearing installment loans and consumer revolving loans. These drivers positively impacting revenues from other value added services were partially offset by a decline in revenue earned from our PayPal Honey product and a lower revenue share earned from an independent chartered financial institution partner institution ). 
 
 Consumers that have outstanding loans and interest receivable due to our partner institution may experience hardships that result in losses recognized by the partner institution, which may result in a decrease in our revenue share earned in future periods. In the event the overall return on the PayPal branded credit programs funded by the partner institution does not meet a minimum rate of return minimum return threshold in a particular quarter, our revenue share for that period would be zero. Further, in the event the overall return on the PayPal branded credit programs managed by the partner institution does not meet the minimum return threshold as measured over four consecutive quarters and in the following quarter, we would be required to make a payment to the partner institution, subject to certain limitations. Through December 31, 2023, the overall return on the PayPal branded credit programs funded by the partner institution exceeded the minimum return threshold. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 The Company does not experience meaningful seasonality with respect to net revenues. No individual quarter in 2023, 2022, or 2021 accounted for more than 30 of annual net revenue. 
 
 OPERATING EXPENSES 
 
 The following table summarizes our operating expenses and related metrics we use to assess the trends in each: 
 Year Ended December 31, Percent Increase/ (Decrease) 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 (In millions, except percentages) Transaction expense 14,385 12,173 10,315 18 18 Transaction and credit losses 1,682 1,572 1,060 7 48 Customer support and operations 1,919 2,120 2,075 (9) 2 Sales and marketing 1,809 2,257 2,445 (20) (8) Technology and development 2,973 3,253 3,038 (9) 7 General and administrative 2,059 2,099 2,114 (2) (1) Restructuring and other 
 (84) 207 62 (141) 234 Total operating expenses 24,743 23,681 21,109 4 12 Transaction expense rate (1) 
 0.94 0.90 0.83 Transaction and credit loss rate (2) 
 0.11 0.12 0.09 
 (1) Transaction expense rate is calculated by dividing transaction expense by TPV. 
 (2) Transaction and credit loss rate is calculated by dividing transaction and credit losses by TPV. 
 Not meaningful. 

39 

Table of Contents 

 Transaction expense 
 
 Transaction expense is primarily composed of the costs we incur to accept a customer s funding source of payment. These costs include fees paid to payment processors and other financial institutions when we draw funds from a customer s credit or debit card, bank account, or other funding source they have stored in their digital wallet. We refer to the allocation of funding sources used by our consumers as our funding mix. The cost of funding a transaction with a credit or debit card is generally higher than the cost of funding a transaction from a bank or through internal sources such as a PayPal or Venmo account balance or our consumer credit products. As we expand the availability and presentation of alternative funding sources to our customers, our funding mix may change, which could increase or decrease our transaction expense rate. The cost of funding a transaction is also impacted by the geographic region or country in which a transaction occurs, as we generally pay lower rates for transactions funded with credit or debit cards outside the U.S. Our transaction expense rate is impacted by changes in product mix, merchant mix, regional mix, funding mix, and fees paid to payment processors and other financial institutions. Macroeconomic environment changes may also result in behavioral shifts in consumer spending patterns affecting the type of funding source they use, which could also impact the funding mix. 

Transaction expense increased by 2.2 billion, or 18 , in 2023 compared to 2022 due primarily to an increase in TPV of 13 and unfavorable changes in product mix. The increase in transaction expense rate in 2023 compared to 2022 was also attributable to unfavorable changes in product mix with a higher proportion of TPV from unbranded card processing volume, which generally has higher expense rates than other products and services, partially offset by favorable changes in regional mix with respect to our core PayPal products and services. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, approximately 36 , 35 , and 39 of TPV, respectively, was generated outside of the U.S. 
 
 Transaction and credit losses 
 
 Transaction losses include the expense associated with our customer protection programs, fraud, and chargebacks. Credit losses include the current expected credit losses associated with our merchant and consumer loans receivable portfolio. Our transaction and credit losses fluctuate depending on many factors, including TPV, product mix, current and projected macroeconomic conditions such as unemployment rates, retail e-commerce sales and household disposable income, merchant insolvency events, changes to and usage of our customer protection programs, the impact of regulatory changes, and the credit quality of loans receivable arising from transactions funded with our credit products for consumers and loans and advances to merchants. Estimating our current expected credit loss allowances for our loans receivable portfolios is an inherently uncertain process and the ultimate losses we incur may vary from the current estimates. We regularly update our allowance estimates as new facts become known and events occur that may impact the ultimate losses incurred. A deterioration in macroeconomic conditions or other factors beyond those considered in our estimates could result in credit losses that exceed our current estimated credit losses and adversely impact our future operating results. 

40 

Table of Contents 

The components of our transaction and credit losses for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 were as follows (in millions): 
 
 Transaction and credit losses increased by 110 million, or 7 , in 2023 compared to 2022. 
 
 Transaction losses were approximately 1.2 billion for both 2023 and 2022, reflecting a slight increase of 22 million, or 2 . Transaction loss rate (transaction losses divided by TPV) was 0.08 , 0.09 , and 0.09 for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The increase in transaction losses in 2023 was primarily attributable to lower recoveries compared to 2022 and higher losses related to fraud schemes, partially offset by a 39 million loss related to an ongoing merchant insolvency proceeding in 2022 with no activity of comparable individual magnitude in the current period. 
 
 Credit losses increased by 88 million in 2023 compared to 2022. The components of credit losses for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 were as follows (in millions): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 (3) 
 2022 2021 Net charge-offs (1) 
 549 267 219 Reserve build (release) (2) 
 (59) 135 (312) Credit losses 490 402 (93) 
 (1) Net charge-offs includes principal charge-offs partially offset by recoveries for consumer and merchant receivables. 
 (2) Reserve build (release) represents change in allowance for principal receivables excluding foreign currency remeasurement. 
 (3) Includes changes in the allowance due to the reclassification of loans and interest receivable to or from held for sale. 
 
 The provision in the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was primarily attributable to loan originations during the respective periods and a deterioration in the credit quality of loans outstanding. During 2023 and 2022, allowances for our merchant and consumer portfolios included qualitative adjustments that took into account uncertainty with respect to macroeconomic conditions, and around the financial health of our borrowers, including the effectiveness of loan modification programs made available to merchants. 
 
 Consumer loan portfolio 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, loans and interest receivable, held for sale was 563 million. Loans and interest receivable, held for sale, represents the portion of our installment consumer receivables that we intend to sell. This portfolio includes the substantial majority of our United Kingdom U.K. and other European buy now, pay later loan receivables. In June 2023, we entered into a multi-year agreement with a global investment firm to sell up to 40 billion of U.K. and other European buy now, pay later loan receivables, consisting of eligible loans and interest receivables, including a forward-flow arrangement for the sale of future originations of eligible loans over a 24-month commitment period (collectively, eligible consumer installment receivables ). For additional information, see Note 1 Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 

41 

Table of Contents 

The consumer loans and interest receivable balance as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 was 4.8 billion and 5.9 billion, respectively, net of participation interest sold, representing a year-over-year decrease of 19 driven by the sale of eligible consumer installment receivables in the U.K. and other European countries, as discussed above, partially offset by the expansion of our revolving credit product in the U.K. and our installment credit products in Japan. 
 
 The following table provides information regarding the credit quality of our consumer loans and interest receivable balance: 
 December 31, 2023 2022 Percent of consumer loans and interest receivable current (1) 
 95.4 97.1 Percent of consumer loans and interest receivable > 90 days outstanding (1), (2) 
 2.2 1.4 Net charge-off rate (1), (3) 
 7.2 4.5 
 (1) Amounts as of December 31, 2023 exclude loans and interest receivable, held for sale. 
 (2) Represents percentage of balances which are 90 days past the billing date or contractual repayment date, as applicable. 
 (3) Net charge-off rate is the annualized ratio of net credit losses during the three months ended December 31, 2023, excluding fraud losses, on consumer loans as a percentage of the average daily amount of consumer loans and interest receivable balance during the same period. 
 
 The increase in net charge-off rate for consumer loans and interest receivable at December 31, 2023 as compared to December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the sale of eligible consumer installment receivables, as discussed above, and deterioration in the credit quality of the U.S. interest-bearing installment product. 
 
 We continue to evaluate and modify our acceptable risk parameters related to our consumer loan portfolio in response to the changing macroeconomic environment. In response to declining performance, a number of risk mitigation strategies were implemented in the third quarter of 2023, which resulted in reduced originations for our U.S. interest-bearing installment product. 
 
 Merchant loan portfolio 
 
 We offer access to merchant finance products for certain small and medium-sized businesses, which we refer to as our merchant finance offerings. Total merchant loans, advances, and interest and fees receivable outstanding, net of participation interest sold, as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 was 1.2 billion and 2.1 billion, respectively, reflecting a decline of 44 due primarily to a decrease in originations related to our PayPal Business Loan PPBL products in the U.S. 
 
 The following table provides information regarding the credit quality of our merchant loans, advances, and interest and fees receivable balance: 
 December 31, 2023 2022 Percent of merchant loans, advances, and interest and fees receivable current 87.0 90.7 Percent of merchant loans, advances, and interest and fees receivable > 90 days outstanding (1) 
 5.6 3.7 Net charge-off rate (2) 
 18.8 4.5 
 (1) Represents percentage of balances which are 90 days past the original expected or contractual repayment period, as applicable. 
 (2) Net charge-off rate is the annualized ratio of net credit losses during the three months ended December 31, 2023, excluding fraud losses, on merchant loans and advances as a percentage of the average daily amount of merchant loans, advances, and interest and fees receivable balance during the same period. 
 
 The decrease in the percent of current merchant receivables, increase in percent of merchant receivables greater than 90 days outstanding, and increase in the net charge-off rate for merchant receivables at December 31, 2023 as compared to December 31, 2022 were primarily due to the expansion of acceptable risk parameters in 2022, which resulted in a decline in the overall credit quality of loans outstanding related to our PPBL product. The significant decline in the merchant receivable portfolio year-over-year due to repayments and reduced originations also resulted in higher delinquency and charge-off rates as a percentage of outstanding loan balance as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 We continue to evaluate and modify our acceptable risk parameters related to our merchant loan portfolio in response to the changing macroeconomic environment. In response to declining performance, a number of risk mitigation strategies were implemented throughout 2023, which resulted in reduced originations for our PPBL product. 
 
 For additional information, see Note 11 Loans and Interest Receivable in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, and Item 1A. Risk Factors Our credit products expose us to additional risks included in this Form 10-K. 

42 

Table of Contents 

 Customer support and operations 
 
 Customer support and operations includes costs incurred in our global customer operations centers, including costs to provide call support to our customers, costs to support our trust and security programs protecting our merchants and consumers, and other costs incurred related to the delivery of our products, including payment devices, card production, and customer onboarding and compliance costs. 

Customer support and operations costs decreased 201 million, or 9 , in 2023 compared to 2022 due primarily to a decline in employee-related costs, contractors and consulting costs, and customer onboarding and compliance costs. 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 
 Sales and marketing includes costs incurred for customer acquisition, business development, advertising, and marketing programs. 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses decreased 448 million, or 20 , in 2023 compared to 2022 due primarily to lower spending on targeted user incentives and marketing campaigns, and to a lesser extent, a decline in amortization of acquired intangibles. 

43 

Table of Contents 

 Technology and development 
 
 Technology and development includes costs incurred in connection with the development of our payments platform, new products, and the improvement of our existing products, including the amortization of software and website development costs incurred in developing our payments platform, which are capitalized. It also includes acquired developed technology and our site operations and other infrastructure costs incurred to support our payments platform. 
 
 Technology and development expenses decreased 280 million, or 9 , in 2023 compared to 2022 due primarily to lower intangible amortization and a decline in costs related to contractors and consultants. 
 
 General and administrative 
 
 General and administrative includes costs incurred to provide support to our business, including legal, human resources, finance, risk and compliance, executive, and other support operations. 
 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 40 million, or 2 , in 2023 compared to 2022 due primarily to a decline in depreciation expense and facilities costs. 
 
 Restructuring and other 
 
 Restructuring and other primarily consist of restructuring expenses, asset impairment charges, gain on sale of divested business, and losses on loans and interest receivable, held for sale. 
 
 Restructuring and other decreased by 291 million in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily resulting from gain on sale of a divested business, partially offset by restructuring charges, asset impairment charges, and fair value adjustments on loans and interest receivable, held for sale. 

44 

Table of Contents 

In the fourth quarter of 2023, we completed the sale of Happy Returns and recorded a pre-tax gain of 339 million, net of transaction costs. For additional information on the divestiture, see Note 4 Business Combinations and Divestitures in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2023, management initiated a global workforce reduction intended to focus resources on core strategic priorities, and improve our cost structure and operating efficiency. The associated restructuring charges during the year ended December 31, 2023 were 122 million. We primarily incurred employee severance and benefits costs, which were substantially completed in the fourth quarter of 2023. The estimated reduction in annualized employee-related costs associated with the impacted workforce was approximately 280 million, including approximately 85 million in stock-based compensation. We expect to reinvest a portion of the reduction in annual costs associated with the impacted workforce to drive business priorities. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2022, management initiated a strategic reduction of the existing global workforce intended to streamline and optimize our global operations to enhance operating efficiency. This effort focused on reducing redundant operations and simplifying our organizational structure. The associated restructuring charges during the year ended December 31, 2022 were 121 million. We primarily incurred employee severance and benefits costs, as well as associated consulting costs. The strategic actions associated with this plan were substantially completed by the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 For information on the associated restructuring liabilities, see Note 17 Restructuring and Other in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Additionally, we are continuing to review our real estate and facility capacity requirements due to our new and evolving work models. We incurred asset impairment charges of 61 million and 81 million in the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, due to exiting certain leased properties, which resulted in a reduction of right-of-use lease assets and related leasehold improvements. 
 
 In the year ended December 31, 2023, we recognized a gain of 17 million due to the sale of an owned property. We also incurred a loss of 14 million related to another owned property, which was previously held for sale, in the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, approximately 74 million of losses were recorded in restructuring and other, which included net loss on sale of loans and interest receivable previously held for sale (inclusive of transaction costs) and fair value adjustments in order to measure loans and interest receivable, held for sale, at the lower of cost or fair value. 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 
 Other income (expense), net of 383 million in 2023 increased 854 million compared to (471) million in 2022 due primarily to net gains on strategic investments in the current period compared to net losses and impairments in the prior period and higher interest income from an increase in interest rates. 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 
 Our effective income tax rate was 22 in 2023 and 28 in 2022. The decrease in our effective income tax rate in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily attributable to higher tax expense in the prior year related to the intra-group transfer of intellectual property. See Note 16 Income Taxes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K for more information on our effective tax rate. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 We require liquidity and access to capital to fund our global operations, including our customer protection programs, credit products, capital expenditures, investments in our business, potential acquisitions and strategic investments, working capital, and other cash needs. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investments, cash expected to be generated from operations, and our expected access to capital markets, together with potential external funding through third party sources, will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements within the next 12 months and beyond. 

45 

Table of Contents 

 SOURCES OF LIQUIDITY 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and investments 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash, cash equivalents, and investments as of December 31, 2023 and 2022: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 (In millions) Cash, cash equivalents, and investments (1)(2) 
 15,493 13,723 
 (1) Excludes assets related to funds receivable and customer accounts of 38.9 billion and 36.3 billion as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) Excludes total restricted cash of 3 million and 17 million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and strategic investments of 1.8 billion and 2.1 billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and investments held by our foreign subsidiaries were 10.0 billion at December 31, 2023 and 8.6 billion at December 31, 2022, or 64 and 62 , of our total cash, cash equivalents, and investments as of those respective dates. At December 31, 2023, all of our cash, cash equivalents, and investments held by foreign subsidiaries were subject to U.S. taxation under Subpart F, Global Intangible Low Taxed Income GILTI or the one-time transition tax under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 Tax Act ). Subsequent repatriations to the U.S. will not be taxable from a U.S. federal tax perspective, but may be subject to state income or foreign withholding tax. 
 
 A significant aspect of our global cash management activities involves meeting our customers requirements to access their cash while simultaneously meeting our regulatory financial ratio commitments in various jurisdictions. Our global cash balances are required not only to provide operational liquidity to our businesses, but also to support our global regulatory requirements across our regulated subsidiaries. Accordingly, not all of our cash is available for general corporate purposes. 
 
 Cash flows 
 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated statements of cash flows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (In millions) Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 
 4,843 5,813 5,797 Investing activities 
 752 (3,328) (5,149) Financing activities 
 (2,993) (1,203) (557) Effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 76 (155) (102) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 2,678 1,127 (11) 
 
 Operating activities 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities includes net income adjusted for certain non-cash expenses, timing differences between expenses recognized for provision for transaction and credit losses and actual cash transaction losses incurred, and changes in other assets and liabilities. Significant non-cash expenses for the period include depreciation and amortization and stock-based compensation. The cash impact from actual transaction losses incurred during a period is reflected as changes in other assets and liabilities. The expenses recognized during the period for provision for credit losses are estimates of current expected credit losses on our merchant and consumer credit products. Actual charge-offs of receivables related to our merchants and consumer credit products have no impact on cash from operating activities. 
 
 The net cash provided by operating activities of 4.8 billion in 2023 was due primarily to operating income of 5.0 billion, as well as adjustments for non-cash expenses including provision for transaction and credit losses of 1.7 billion, stock-based compensation of 1.5 billion, and depreciation and amortization of 1.1 billion. Cash flows from operating activities was also impacted by proceeds from repayments and sales of loans receivable, originally classified as held for sale, of 10.8 billion and changes in other assets of 203 million. These changes, which favorably impacted cash generated from operations, were offset by originations of loans receivable, held for sale of 11.5 billion, actual cash transaction losses incurred during the period of 1.2 billion, changes in deferred income taxes of 668 million, gain on divestiture of business, excluding transaction costs, of 356 million, net accretion of investments purchased at a discount of 367 million, and changes in liabilities of 222 million. 

46 

Table of Contents 

 The net cash provided by operating activities of 5.8 billion in 2022 was due primarily to operating income of 3.8 billion, as well as adjustments for non-cash expenses including provision for transaction and credit losses of 1.6 billion, depreciation and amortization of 1.3 billion, and stock-based compensation of 1.3 billion. Cash flows from operating activities was also impacted by net losses on our strategic investments of 304 million, and an increase in other liabilities of 856 million. These changes, which favorably impacted cash generated from operations, were partially offset by actual cash transaction losses incurred during the period of 1.2 billion and changes in deferred income taxes of 811 million. 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes, net in 2023, 2022, and 2021 was 2.1 billion, 878 million, and 474 million, respectively. Included within cash paid for income taxes for 2023 is 106 million related to the purchase of transferable tax credits as authorized by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. 
 
 Investing activities 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities includes purchases, maturities and sales of investments; cash paid for acquisitions and strategic investments; purchases and sales of property and equipment; purchases, originations, sales, and principal repayment of loans receivable, originally classified as held for investment; changes in funds receivable; and changes in collateral posted related to derivative instruments, net. 
 
 The net cash provided by investing activities of 752 million in 2023 was due primarily to proceeds from repayments and sales of loans receivable, originally classified as held for investment, of 26.7 billion, maturities and sales of investments of 24.3 billion, and proceeds from divestiture of business, net of cash divested, of 466 million. These cash inflows were partially offset by purchases and originations of loans receivable of 25.2 billion, purchases of investments of 22.0 billion, changes in funds receivable from customers of 2.9 billion, and purchases of property and equipment of 623 million. 
 
 The net cash used in investing activities of 3.3 billion in 2022 was due primarily to purchases and originations of loans receivable of 28.2 billion, purchases of investments of 20.2 billion, changes in funds receivable from customers of 2.7 billion, and purchases of property and equipment of 706 million. These cash outflows were partially offset by principal repayment of loans receivable of 24.9 billion and maturities and sales of investments of 23.4 billion. 
 
 Financing activities 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities includes proceeds from issuance of common stock, purchases of treasury stock, tax withholdings related to net share settlements of equity awards, borrowings and repayments under financing arrangements, changes in funds payable and amounts due to customers, and changes in collateral received related to derivative instruments, net. 
 
 The net cash used in financing activities of 3.0 billion in 2023 was due primarily to the repurchase of 5.0 billion of our common stock under our stock repurchase programs, repayments of borrowings under financing arrangements of 1.1 billion (including principal repayment of fixed rate debt that matured in June 2023 and repayment of borrowings under our Paidy credit agreement), tax withholdings of 257 million related to net share settlement of equity awards, and a decline in collateral received related to derivative instruments of 197 million. These cash outflows were partially offset by changes in funds payable and amounts due to customers of 1.9 billion and borrowings under financing arrangements of 1.5 billion (including proceeds from the issuance of fixed rate debt in June 2023, borrowings under our Paidy credit agreement, and short-term overdraft borrowings). 
 
 The net cash used in financing activities of 1.2 billion in 2022 was due primarily to the repurchase of 4.2 billion of our common stock under our stock repurchase programs, repayments of borrowings under financing arrangements of 1.7 billion (including the repurchase and redemption of certain fixed rate notes and repayment of borrowings under a prior credit agreement), and tax withholdings of 336 million related to net share settlement of equity awards. These cash outflows were partially offset by borrowings under financing arrangements of 3.5 billion (including proceeds from the issuance of fixed rate debt in May 2022 and borrowings under our Paidy credit agreements) and changes in funds payable and amounts due to customers of 1.4 billion. 

47 

Table of Contents 

Effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 
 Foreign currency exchange rates had a positive impact of 76 million and negative impact of 155 million on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash during 2023 and 2022, respectively. The positive impact of foreign currency exchange on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash in 2023 was primarily due to favorable fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar to the British pound. The negative impact of foreign currency exchange on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash in 2022 was primarily attributable to the unfavorable impact of fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar to the Australian dollar and, to a lesser extent, to the fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar to the Swedish krona, Japanese yen, Indian rupee, and the Euro. 
 
 Available credit and debt 
 
 In June 2023, we entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement that provides for an unsecured 5.0 billion, five-year revolving credit facility and terminated the facility entered into in September 2019. The Credit Agreement includes a 150 million letter of credit sub-facility and a 600 million swingline sub-facility, with available borrowings under the revolving credit facility reduced by the amount of any letters of credit and swingline borrowings outstanding from time to time. As of December 31, 2023, no borrowings were outstanding under the Credit Agreement and as such, 5.0 billion of borrowing capacity was available for the purposes permitted by the Credit Agreement, subject to customary conditions to borrowing. 
 
 In February 2022, we entered into a credit agreement (the Paidy Credit Agreement with Paidy as co-borrower, which provided for an unsecured revolving credit facility of 60.0 billion, which was modified in September 2022 to increase the borrowing capacity by 30.0 billion for a total borrowing capacity of 90.0 billion (approximately 638 million as of December 31, 2023). In the year ended December 31, 2023, 50.0 billion (approximately 355 million) was drawn down under the Paidy Credit Agreement. Accordingly, at December 31, 2023, 40.0 billion (approximately 283 million) of borrowing capacity was available for the purposes permitted by the Paidy Credit Agreement, subject to customary conditions to borrowing. 
 
 We maintain uncommitted credit facilities in various regions throughout the world with a borrowing capacity of approximately 80 million in the aggregate, where we can withdraw and utilize the funds at our discretion for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2023, the majority of the borrowing capacity under these credit facilities was available, subject to customary conditions to borrowing. 
 
 In June 2023, May 2022, May 2020 and September 2019, we issued fixed rate notes with varying maturity dates for an aggregate principal amount of 12.6 billion (collectively referred to as the Notes ). Proceeds from the issuance of these Notes may be used for general corporate purposes, which may include funding the repayment or redemption of outstanding debt, share repurchases, ongoing operations, capital expenditures, and possible acquisitions of businesses, assets, or strategic investments. As of December 31, 2023, we had 10.6 billion in fixed rate debt outstanding with varying maturity dates. 
 
 For additional information, see Note 12 Debt to our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Depending on market conditions, we may from time to time issue debt, including in private or public offerings, to fund our operating activities, finance acquisitions, make strategic investments, repurchase shares under our stock repurchase programs, or reduce our cost of capital. 
 
 We have a cash pooling arrangement with a financial institution for cash management purposes. The arrangement allows for cash withdrawals from the financial institution based upon our aggregate operating cash balances held within the financial institution Aggregate Cash Deposits ). The arrangement also allows us to withdraw amounts exceeding the Aggregate Cash Deposits up to an agreed-upon limit. The net balance of the withdrawals and the Aggregate Cash Deposits are used by the financial institution as a basis for calculating our net interest expense or income under the arrangement. As of December 31, 2023, we had a total of 3.9 billion in cash withdrawals offsetting our 3.9 billion in Aggregate Cash Deposits held within the financial institution under the cash pooling arrangement. 

48 

Table of Contents 

 Credit ratings 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we continue to be rated investment grade by Standard and Poor s Financial Services, LLC, Fitch Ratings, Inc., and Moody s Investors Services, Inc. We expect that these credit rating agencies will continue to monitor our performance, including our capital structure and results of operations. Our goal is to be rated investment grade, but as circumstances change, there are factors that could result in our credit ratings being downgraded or put on a watch list for possible downgrading. If that were to occur, it could increase our borrowing rates, including the interest rate on borrowings under our credit agreements. 
 
 CURRENT AND FUTURE CASH REQUIREMENTS 
 
 Our material cash requirements include funds to support current and potential: operating activities, credit products, customer protection programs, stock repurchases, strategic investments, acquisitions, other commitments, and capital expenditures and other future obligations. 
 
 Credit products 
 
 Growth in our portfolio of loan receivables increases our liquidity needs, and any inability to meet those liquidity needs could adversely affect our business. We continue to evaluate partnerships and third-party sources of funding for our credit products. 
 
 The Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF agreed that PayPal s management may designate up to 50 of European customer balances held in our Luxembourg banking subsidiary to fund European, U.K., and U.S. credit activities. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the total amount approved by management to be designated to fund credit activities was 3.0 billion and 3.8 billion, respectively, and represented approximately 39 and 37 of European customer balances made available for our corporate use as of those respective dates, as determined by applying financial regulations maintained by the CSSF. We may periodically seek to designate additional amounts of European customer balances for our credit activities, as we deem necessary, based on utilization of the approved funds and anticipated credit funding requirements. Under certain exceptional circumstances, corporate liquidity could be called upon to meet our obligations related to our European customer balances. 
 
 In June 2023, we entered into a multi-year agreement with a global investment firm to sell up to 40 billion of our eligible consumer installment receivables portfolio. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we sold 5.5 billion of loans and interest receivable, in connection with this agreement. For additional information, see Note 1 Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 While our objective is to expand the availability of our credit products with capital from external sources, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in achieving that goal. 
 
 Customer protection programs 
 
 The risk of losses from our customer protection programs are specific to individual consumers, merchants, and transactions, and may also be impacted by regional variations in, and changes or modifications to, the programs, including as a result of changes in regulatory requirements. For the periods presented in these consolidated financial statements included in this report, our transaction loss rate ranged between 0.08 and 0.09 of TPV. Historical loss rates may not be indicative of future results. 
 
 Stock repurchases 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we repurchased approximately 5.0 billion of our common stock in the open market under our stock repurchase programs authorized in July 2018 and June 2022. The June 2022 stock repurchase program became effective during the first quarter of 2023 upon completion of the July 2018 stock repurchase program. As of December 31, 2023, a total of approximately 10.9 billion remained available for future repurchases of our common stock under our June 2022 stock repurchase program. For additional information, see Note 14 Stock Repurchase Programs to our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 

49 

Table of Contents 

 Future obligations 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, approximately 6.2 billion and 4.9 billion, respectively, of unused credit was available to PayPal Credit account holders in the U.K. While this amount represents the total unused credit available, we have not experienced, and do not anticipate, that all of our PayPal Credit account holders will access their entire available credit at any given point in time. In addition, the individual lines of credit that make up this unused credit are subject to periodic review and termination based on, among other things, account usage and customer creditworthiness. 
 
 We have certain fixed contractual obligations and commitments that include future estimated payments for general operating purposes. Changes in our business needs, contractual cancellation provisions, fluctuating interest rates, and other factors may result in actual payments differing from our estimates. We cannot provide certainty regarding the timing and amounts of these payments. The following table summarizes our obligations as of December 31, 2023 that are expected to impact liquidity and cash flow in future periods. We believe we will be able to fund these obligations through our existing cash and investment portfolio and cash expected to be generated from operations. 
 Purchase Obligations Operating Leases Transition Tax Long-term Debt Total Payments Due During the Year Ending December 31, (In millions) 2024 936 186 284 1,575 2,981 2025 477 153 354 1,498 2,482 2026 348 139 1,689 2,176 2027 118 732 850 2028 87 483 570 Thereafter 174 8,996 9,170 1,761 857 638 14,973 18,229 
 
 The significant assumptions used in our determination of amounts presented in the above table are as follows: 
 
 Purchase obligation amounts include minimum purchase commitments for cloud computing services, capital expenditures, advertising, and other goods and services entered into in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Operating lease amounts include minimum rental payments under our non-cancelable operating leases (including leases not yet commenced) primarily for office and data center facilities. The amounts presented are consistent with contractual terms and are not expected to differ significantly from actual results under our existing leases, unless a substantial change in our headcount needs requires us to expand our occupied space or exit an office facility early. 
 
 Transition tax represents the one-time mandatory tax on previously deferred foreign earnings under the Tax Act. 
 
 Long-term debt amounts represent the future principal and interest payments (based on contractual interest rates) on our fixed-rate debt. For more information, see Note 12 Debt to our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 As we are unable to reasonably predict the timing of settlement of liabilities related to unrecognized tax benefits, net, the table above does not include 2.4 billion recorded in other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Other considerations 
 
 Our liquidity, access to capital, and borrowing costs could be adversely impacted by declines in our credit rating, our financial performance, and global credit market conditions, as well as a broad range of other factors. In addition, our liquidity, access to capital, and borrowing costs could also be negatively impacted by the outcome of any of the legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are a party. See Item 1A. Risk Factors and Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K for additional discussion of these and other risks that our business faces. 

50 

Table of Contents 

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 The application of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions about certain items and future events that directly affect our reported financial condition. We have established detailed policies and control procedures to provide reasonable assurance that the methods used to make estimates and assumptions are well controlled and are applied consistently from period to period. The accounting estimates and assumptions discussed in this section are those that we consider to be the most critical to our financial statements. An accounting estimate or assumption is considered critical if both (a) the nature of the estimate or assumption is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment involved, and (b) the impact within a reasonable range of outcomes of the estimate and assumption is material to our financial condition. Management has discussed the development, selection, and disclosure of these estimates with the Audit, Risk, and Compliance Committee of our Board of Directors. Our significant accounting policies, including recent accounting pronouncements, are described in Note 1 Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10 K. 
 
 A quantitative sensitivity analysis is provided where information is reasonably available, can be reliably estimated, and provides material information to investors. The amounts used to assess sensitivity are included to allow users of this report to understand a general directional cause and effect of changes in the estimates and do not represent management s predictions of variability. For all of these estimates, it should be noted that future events rarely develop exactly as forecasted, and such estimates require regular review and adjustment. 
 
 ALLOWANCE FOR TRANSACTION AND CREDIT LOSSES 
 
 Transaction and credit losses include the expense associated with our customer protection programs, fraud, chargebacks, and credit losses associated with our loans receivable balances. Our transaction and credit losses fluctuate depending on many factors, including: total TPV, product mix, current and projected macroeconomic conditions, merchant insolvency events, changes to and usage of our customer protection programs, the impact of regulatory changes, and the credit quality of loans receivable arising from transactions funded with our credit products, which include revolving and installment credit products offered to consumers at checkout, as well as merchant loans and advances arising from the PayPal Working Capital and PPBL products. 
 
 We establish allowances for negative customer balances and estimated transaction losses arising from processing customer transactions, such as chargebacks for unauthorized credit card use and merchant-related chargebacks due to non-delivery or unsatisfactory delivery of purchased items, purchase protection program claims, account takeovers, and bank returns and reversals. Additions to the allowance, in the form of provisions, are reflected in transaction and credit losses on our consolidated statements of income (loss). The allowances are based on known facts and circumstances, internal factors including experience with similar cases, historical trends involving collection and write-off patterns, and the mix of transaction and loss types, as well as current and projected macroeconomic factors, as appropriate. 
 
 We also establish an allowance for loans and interest receivable, which represents our estimate of current expected credit losses inherent in our portfolio of loans and interest receivable and includes expected credit losses from modifications of receivables to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. Determining appropriate current expected credit loss allowances for loans and interest receivable is an inherently uncertain process and ultimate losses may vary from the current estimates. We regularly update our allowance estimates as new facts become known and events occur that may impact the settlement or recovery of losses. The allowances are maintained at a level we deem appropriate to adequately provide for current expected credit losses at the balance sheet date after incorporating the impact of externally sourced macroeconomic forecasts. As of December 31, 2023, we utilized externally published projections of U.S. forecasted unemployment rates, forecasted U.S. and U.K. retail e-commerce sales, and forecasted U.K. household disposable income, among others, over the reasonable and supportable forecast period. As of December 31, 2022, we utilized externally published projections of the U.S. and U.K. forecasted unemployment rates, forecasted U.S. retail e-commerce sales, and forecasted U.K. household disposable income, among others, over the reasonable and supportable forecast period. The overall principal and interest coverage ratio as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 was approximately 9 and 7 , respectively. A significant change in the forecasted macroeconomic factors could result in a material change in our allowances. Our allowance as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 took into account uncertainty with respect to macroeconomic conditions, uncertainty around the financial health of our borrowers, and effectiveness of loan modification programs made available to merchants. An increase of 1 in the principal and interest coverage ratio would increase our allowances by approximately 60 million based on the loans and interest receivable balance outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 

51 

Table of Contents 

ACCOUNTING FOR INCOME TAXES 
 
 Our annual tax rate is based on our income, statutory tax rates, and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective government taxing authorities. Significant judgment is required in determining our tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties. We review our tax positions quarterly and adjust the balances as new information becomes available. Our income tax rate is significantly affected by the tax rates that apply to our foreign earnings. In addition to local country tax laws and regulations, our income tax rate depends on the extent that our foreign earnings are taxed by the U.S. through provisions such as the GILTI tax and base erosion anti-abuse tax. 
 
 Deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. Such assets arise because of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. We evaluate the recoverability of these future tax deductions and credits by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings, and available tax planning strategies. These sources of income rely heavily on estimates that are based on a number of factors, including our historical experience and short-range and long-range business forecasts. To the extent deferred tax assets are not expected to be realized, we record a valuation allowance. 
 
 We recognize and measure uncertain tax positions in accordance with U.S. GAAP, pursuant to which we only recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. We report a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. U.S. GAAP further requires that a change in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions be recognized in earnings in the quarter in which such change occurs. We recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 
 
 We file annual income tax returns in multiple taxing jurisdictions around the world. A number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position is audited by the relevant tax authorities and finally resolved. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position, we believe that our reserves for income taxes are adequate. We adjust these reserves, as well as the related interest and penalties, where appropriate in light of changing facts and circumstances. Settlement of any particular position could require the use of cash. 
 
 Based on our results for the year ended December 31, 2023, a one-percentage point increase in our effective tax rate would have resulted in an increase in our income tax expense of approximately 54 million. 
 
 LOSS CONTINGENCIES 
 
 We are regularly involved in various claims, regulatory and legal proceedings, and investigations of potential violations by regulatory oversight authorities. On a regular basis, we review the status of each significant matter and assess our potential financial exposure. If the potential loss from any claim, legal proceeding, or potential regulatory violation is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability for the estimated loss. Significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. Our judgments are subjective and are based on the status of the legal or regulatory proceedings, the merits of our defenses, and consultation with in-house and outside legal counsel. Because of uncertainties related to these matters, accruals are based on the best information available at the time. As additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to pending claims, litigation, or other violations and may revise our estimates. Due to the inherent uncertainties of legal and regulatory processes in the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate, our judgments may differ materially from the actual outcomes. 
 
 REVENUE RECOGNITION 
 
 Application of the accounting principles in U.S. GAAP related to the measurement and recognition of revenue requires us to make judgments and estimates. Complex arrangements with nonstandard terms and conditions may require significant contract interpretation to determine the appropriate accounting. Specifically, the determination of whether we are a principal to a transaction (gross revenue) or an agent (net revenue) can require considerable judgment. Further, we provide incentive payments to consumers and merchants. Evaluating whether these incentives are a payment to a customer, or consideration payable on behalf of a customer, requires judgment. Incentives determined to be made to a customer, or payable on behalf of a customer, are recorded as a reduction to gross revenue. Incentives that are earned by the customer based on performance targets 

52 

Table of Contents 

 are recorded when earned, based on management s estimate of each customer s future performance. These accruals are regularly reviewed and estimates of performance are adjusted, as appropriate, based on changes in performance expectations, actual customer performance, amendments to existing contracts, or the execution of new contracts. Changes in judgments with respect to these assumptions and estimates could impact the amount of revenue recognized. 
 
 EVALUATION OF STRATEGIC INVESTMENTS FOR IMPAIRMENT 
 
 We have strategic investments in non-marketable equity securities, which include investments that do not have a readily determinable fair value and are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, and are adjusted for changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment in the same issuer (the Measurement Alternative). We review these investments regularly to determine if impairment has occurred. We assess whether an impairment loss on these non-marketable equity securities, which are primarily investments in privately held companies, has occurred based on qualitative factors such as the companies financial condition and business outlook, industry performance, regulatory, economic or technological environment, and other relevant events and factors affecting the company. When indicators of impairment exist, we estimate the fair value of these non-marketable equity securities using the market approach and/or the income approach. If any impairment is identified, we write down the investment to its fair value and record the corresponding charge through other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). Estimating fair value requires judgment and use of estimates such as discount rates, forecasted cash flows, and market data of comparable companies, among others. For sensitivity analysis performed on our strategic investments, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Equity Investment Risk . 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market risk is the potential for economic losses to be incurred on market risk sensitive instruments arising from adverse changes in market factors such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and equity investment risk. Management establishes and oversees the implementation of policies governing our investing, funding, and foreign currency derivative activities intended to mitigate market risks. We monitor risk exposures on an ongoing basis. 
 
 INTEREST RATE RISK 
 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk relating to our investment portfolio and from interest-rate sensitive assets underlying the customer balances we hold on our consolidated balance sheets as customer accounts. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, approximately 59 and 57 , respectively, of our total cash, cash equivalents, and investment portfolio (excluding restricted cash and strategic investments) was held in cash and cash equivalents. The remaining portfolio and assets underlying the customer balances that we hold on our consolidated balance sheets as customer accounts are maintained in interest and non-interest bearing bank deposits, time deposits, and available-for-sale debt securities. We seek to preserve principal while holding eligible liquid assets, as defined by applicable regulatory requirements and commercial law in certain jurisdictions where we operate, equal to at least 100 of the aggregate amount of all customer balances. We do not pay interest on amounts due to customers. 
 
 Interest rate movements affect the interest income we earn on cash and cash equivalents, time deposits, and available-for-sale debt securities and the fair value of those securities. A hypothetical 100 basis points increase in interest rates would have resulted in a decrease in the fair value of our cash equivalents and available-for-sale debt securities investment by approximately 122 million and 161 million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Changes in the fair value of our available-for-sale debt securities resulting from such interest rate changes are reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI and are realized only if we sell the securities prior to their scheduled maturities or the declines in fair values are due to expected credit losses. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we had 10.6 billion and 10.4 billion, respectively, in fixed rate debt with varying maturity dates. Since these notes bear interest at fixed rates, they do not result in any financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates. However, the fair value of these notes fluctuates when interest rates change, increasing in periods of declining interest rates and declining in periods of increasing interest rates. 

53 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we also had revolving credit facilities of approximately 5.6 billion and 5.7 billion, respectively, available to us. We are obligated to pay interest on borrowings under these facilities as well as other customary fees, including an upfront fee and an unused commitment fee based on our debt rating. Borrowings under these facilities, if any, bear interest at floating rates. As a result, we are exposed to the risk related to fluctuations in interest rates to the extent of our borrowings. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, 50.0 billion (approximately 355 million) and 64.3 billion (approximately 491 million), respectively, was outstanding under these facilities. A 100 basis points hypothetical adverse change in applicable market interest rates would not have resulted in a material impact to interest expense recorded in the period. For additional information, see Note 12 Debt in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Interest rates may also adversely impact our customers spending levels and ability and willingness to pay outstanding amounts owed to us. Higher interest rates often lead to larger payment obligations by customers of our credit products to us, or to lenders under mortgage, credit card, and other consumer and merchant loans, which may reduce our customers ability to remain current on their obligations to us and therefore lead to increased delinquencies, charge-offs, and allowances for loans and interest receivable, which could have an adverse effect on our net income (loss). 
 
 FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK 
 
 We have significant operations internationally that are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the British pound, Euro, Australian dollar, and Canadian dollar, which subject us to foreign currency exchange rate risk and may adversely impact our financial results. We transact in various foreign currencies and have significant international revenues and expenses. In addition, we charge our international subsidiaries for their use of intellectual property and technology and for certain corporate services. Our cash flows, results of operations, and certain of our intercompany balances that are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may differ materially from expectations, and we may record significant gains or losses due to foreign currency fluctuations and related hedging activities. We are generally a net receiver of foreign currencies and therefore benefit from a weakening of the United States U.S. dollar, and are adversely affected by a strengthening of the U.S. dollar, relative to foreign currencies. We considered the historical trends in foreign currency exchange rates and determined that it was reasonably possible that changes in exchange rates of 10 for all currencies could be experienced in the near term. 
 
 We have a foreign currency exchange exposure management program designed to identify material foreign currency exposures, manage these exposures, and reduce the potential effects of currency fluctuations on our consolidated cash flows and results of operations through the execution of foreign currency exchange contracts. These foreign currency exchange contracts are accounted for as derivative instruments; for additional details related to our foreign currency exchange contracts, please see Note 10 Derivative Instruments to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 We use foreign currency exchange forward contracts to protect our forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent earnings and our investment in foreign subsidiaries from adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These hedging contracts reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the impact of adverse foreign currency exchange rate movements. We designate these contracts as cash flow hedges of forecasted revenues and expenses denominated in certain foreign currencies and net investment hedges for accounting purposes. The derivative s gain or loss is initially reported as a component of AOCI. Cash flow hedges are subsequently reclassified into revenue or expense in the same period the forecasted transaction affects earnings. The accumulated gains and losses associated with net investment hedges will remain in AOCI until the foreign subsidiaries are sold or substantially liquidated, at which point they will be reclassified into earnings. 
 
 If the U.S. dollar weakened by a hypothetical 10 at December 31, 2023 and 2022, the amount recorded in AOCI related to our foreign currency exchange forward contracts, before taxes, would have been approximately 622 million and 710 million lower, respectively, before considering the offsetting impact of the underlying hedged item. 
 
 We have an additional foreign currency exchange management program in which we use foreign currency exchange contracts to help offset the foreign currency exchange risk on our assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of our subsidiaries. These contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the impact of currency exchange rate movements on our assets and liabilities. The foreign currency exchange gains and losses on our assets and liabilities are recorded in other income (expense), net, and are offset by the gains and losses on the foreign currency exchange contracts. 

54 

Table of Contents 

 Adverse changes in exchange rates of a hypothetical 10 for all foreign currencies would have resulted in a negative impact on income before income taxes of approximately 417 million and 173 million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, without considering the offsetting effect of foreign currency exchange contracts. Foreign currency exchange contracts in place as of December 31, 2023 would have positively impacted income before income taxes by approximately 400 million, resulting in a net negative impact of approximately 17 million. Foreign currency exchange contracts in place as of December 31, 2022 would have positively impacted income before income taxes by approximately 144 million, resulting in a net negative impact of approximately 29 million. These reasonably possible adverse changes in exchange rates of 10 were applied to monetary assets, monetary liabilities, and available-for-sale debt securities denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of our subsidiaries at the balance sheet dates to compute the adverse impact these changes would have had on our income before income taxes in the near term. 
 
 EQUITY INVESTMENT RISK 
 
 Our strategic investments are subject to a variety of market-related risks that could substantially reduce or increase the carrying value of the portfolio. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, our strategic investments totaled 1.8 billion and 2.1 billion which represented approximately 11 and 14 of our total cash, cash equivalents, and short-term and long-term investment portfolio at each of those respective dates. Our strategic investments include marketable equity securities, which are publicly traded, and non-marketable equity securities, which are primarily investments in privately held companies. We are required to record all adjustments to the value of these strategic investments through our consolidated statements of income (loss). As such, we expect volatility to our net income (loss) in future periods due to changes in observable prices and impairment related to our non-marketable equity securities accounted for under the Measurement Alternative. These changes could be material based on market conditions. Additionally, the financial success of our investments in privately held companies is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition, private sale, or other favorable market event providing the ability to realize appreciation in the value of the investment. A hypothetical adverse change of 10 in the carrying value of our strategic investments as of December 31, 2023, which could be experienced in the near term, would have resulted in a decrease of approximately 184 million to the carrying value of the portfolio. We review our non-marketable equity securities accounted for under the Measurement Alternative for impairment when events and circumstances indicate a decline in fair value of such assets below carrying value. Our analysis includes a review of recent operating results and trends, recent purchases and sales of securities, and other publicly available data, for which we assess factors such as the investees financial condition and business outlook, industry performance, regulatory, economic, or technological environment, and other relevant events and factors affecting the investees. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 The audited consolidated financial statements covering the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 and accompanying notes listed in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1) of this Form 10 K are included in this report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures . Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act), our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2023, the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Management s report on internal control over financial reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023. 

55 

Table of Contents 

 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in Item 15(a) of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in internal controls over financial reporting. There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 RULE 10B5-1 
 
 An equity trading plan is a written document that preestablishes the amounts, prices and dates (or formula for determining the amounts, prices and dates) of future purchases or sales of the Company s stock, including sales of shares acquired under the Company s employee and director equity plans. 
 
 , entered into an equity trading plan that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. Mr. Auerbach was serving as an of the Company at the time the trading plan was . The trading plan has a duration of March 7, 2024 to September 10, 2024 with approximately shares (vested and net shares expected to vest over the duration of the trading plan) subject to sale under the plan. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 None. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2023 (excluding the information under the subheading Pay Versus Performance ). 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2023. 

56 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements Page Number Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 58 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 64 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 66 
 2. Financial Statement Schedule Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 122 
 All other schedules have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits Required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 
 123 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in the Index of Exhibits that precedes the signature page of this Annual Report. 

57 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PayPal Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income (loss), of comprehensive income (loss), of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

58 

Table of Contents 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Loans Receivable 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2023, the Company recorded total loans and interest receivable of 5,433 million, net of an allowance of 540 million. The allowance for loans receivable is primarily based on expectations of credit losses based on historical lifetime loss data as well as macroeconomic forecasts applied to the portfolio. The loss models incorporate various portfolio attributes, as well as macroeconomic factors such as forecasted trends in unemployment, retail e-commerce sales, and household disposable income. The forecasted macroeconomic factors are sourced externally, using a single scenario to reflect the economic conditions applicable to a particular period. Management also includes qualitative adjustments that incorporate incremental information not captured in the expected credit loss models. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the allowance for loans receivable is a critical audit matter are (i) the high degree of auditor subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to certain models which apply macroeconomic forecasts to estimate expected credit losses; and (ii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the allowance for loans receivable, including controls over certain models which apply macroeconomic forecasts to estimate expected credit losses. These procedures also included, among others, the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in testing management s process for estimating the allowance for loans receivable. Testing management s process included (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the methodology and certain models; (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of certain data used in the estimate; and (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of management s application of macroeconomic forecasts to estimate expected credit losses. 

/s/ 
 
 February 7, 2024 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2000. 

59 

Table of Contents 

 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 2022 (In millions, except par value) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Loans and interest receivable, held for sale Loans and interest receivable, net of allowances of and as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Funds receivable and customer accounts Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Long-term investments Property and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Funds payable and amounts due to customers Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Long-term debt Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Equity: Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, unissued 
 Treasury stock at cost, and shares as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in-capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

60 

Table of Contents 

 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (In millions, except for per share amounts) Net revenues Operating expenses: Transaction expense Transaction and credit losses Customer support and operations Sales and marketing Technology and development General and administrative Restructuring and other ) Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense), net ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) Net income (loss) per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

61 

Table of Contents 

 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (In millions) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of reclassification adjustments: Foreign currency translation adjustments CTA ) ) ) Net investment hedges CTA gains (losses), net 
 ) Tax (expense) benefit on net investment hedges CTA gains (losses), net 
 ) Unrealized (losses) gains on cash flow hedges, net 
 ) ) Tax benefit (expense) on unrealized (losses) gains on cash flow hedges, net 
 ) Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale debt securities, net 
 ) ) Tax (expense) benefit on unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale debt securities, net 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income (loss) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

62 

Table of Contents 

 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Common Stock Shares Treasury Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Noncontrolling Interest Total Equity (In millions) Balances at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Foreign CTA ) ) Unrealized gains on cash flow hedges, net Tax expense on unrealized gains on cash flow hedges, net ) ) Unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities, net 
 ) ) Tax benefit on unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities, net 
 Common stock and stock-based awards issued and assumed, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Change in noncontrolling interest ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Foreign CTA ) ) Net investment hedge CTA losses, net ) ) Tax benefit on net investment hedges CTA losses, net Unrealized losses on cash flow hedges, net ) ) Tax benefit on unrealized losses on cash flow hedges, net Unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities, net ) ) Tax benefit on unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities, net 
 Common stock and stock-based awards issued, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Other Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Foreign CTA ) ) Net investment hedge CTA gains, net 
 Tax expense on net investment hedges CTA gains, net 
 ) ) Unrealized losses on cash flow hedges, net ) ) Tax benefit on unrealized losses on cash flow hedges, net Unrealized gains on available-for-sale debt securities, net 
 Tax expense on unrealized gains on available-for-sale debt securities, net 
 ) ) Common stock and stock-based awards issued, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Treasury stock reissuance 
 Stock-based compensation Balances at December 31, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

63 

Table of Contents 

 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (In millions) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Transaction and credit losses Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Net (gains) losses on strategic investments ) ) Gain on divestiture of business, excluding transaction costs 
 ) Accretion of discounts on investments, net of amortization of premiums ) ) Adjustments to loans and interest receivable, held for sale Other ) Originations of loans receivable, held for sale ) Proceeds from repayments and sales of loans receivable, originally classified as held for sale Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Transaction loss allowance for cash losses, net ) ) ) Other current assets and non-current assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Other current liabilities and non-current liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of property and equipment Purchases and originations of loans receivable ) ) ) Proceeds from repayments and sales of loans receivable, originally classified as held for investment Purchases of investments ) ) ) Maturities and sales of investments Acquisitions, net of cash and restricted cash acquired ) Proceeds from divestiture of business, net of cash divested 
 Funds receivable ) ) Collateral posted related to derivative instruments, net ) ) Other investing activities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Tax withholdings related to net share settlements of equity awards ) ) ) Borrowings under financing arrangements Repayments under financing arrangements ) ) ) Funds payable and amounts due to customers Collateral received related to derivative instruments, net ) ) Other financing activities 

64 

Table of Contents 

 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (In millions) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental cash flow disclosures: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net The table below reconciles cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash as reported in the consolidated balance sheets to the total of the same amounts shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term and long-term investments Funds receivable and customer accounts Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

65 

Table of Contents 

 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 
 
 VIEs qualified for consolidation as the structures of these entities do not provide us with the ability to direct activities that would significantly impact their economic performance. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the carrying value of our investments in nonconsolidated VIEs was million and million, respectively, and is included as non-marketable equity securities applying the equity method of accounting in long-term investments on our consolidated balance sheets. Our maximum exposure to loss related to our nonconsolidated VIEs, which represents funded commitments and any future funding commitments, was million and million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

66 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

67 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

billion of United Kingdom U.K. and other European buy now, pay later loan receivables, consisting of eligible loans and interest receivable and a forward-flow arrangement for the sale of future originations of eligible loans over a -month commitment period (together, eligible consumer installment receivables ). Following the sale, the global investment firm becomes the owner of the eligible consumer installment receivables sold and we no longer hold an ownership interest in these receivables. 
 
 These sales of eligible consumer installment receivables to the global investment firm are accounted for as a true sale based on our determination that these receivables met all the necessary criteria for such accounting including legal isolation for transferred assets, ability of the transferee to pledge or exchange the transferred assets without constraint, and the transfer of control, and thus, we no longer record these receivables on our consolidated financial statements. We also concluded that our continuing involvement in the arrangement does not invalidate this determination. We maintain the servicing rights for the entire pool of the consumer installment receivables sold and receive a market-based service fee for servicing the assets sold. 
 
 Prior to the decision to sell, this portfolio was reported at outstanding principal balances, including unamortized deferred origination costs and estimated collectible interest and fees, net of allowances for credit losses. At the time of reclassification of eligible consumer installment receivables to loans and interest receivable, held for sale in May 2023, any previously recorded allowance for credit losses for loans and interest receivable outstanding was reversed, resulting in a decrease in transaction and credit losses on our consolidated statements of income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Loans and interest receivable, held for sale as of December 31, 2023 represents installment consumer receivables that we originated and intend to sell to the global investment firm. Loans and interest receivable, held for sale are recorded at the lower of cost or fair value, determined on an aggregate basis, with valuation changes and any associated charge-offs recorded in restructuring and other on our consolidated statements of income (loss). Interest income on interest bearing held-for-sale loans is accrued and recognized based on the contractual rate of interest. 
 
 If PayPal no longer has intent to sell loans and interest receivable, held for sale, such loans would be reclassified to loans and interest receivable, held for investment. When a loan is reclassified to held for investment, any amounts previously recorded in order to measure the loan at the lower of cost or fair value are reversed on our consolidated statements of income (loss) (recognized within restructuring and other) and the loan is recorded consistent with loans originated as held for investment. 

68 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

69 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 to years. Projected loss rates, inclusive of historical loss data and macroeconomic factors, are derived based on and applied to the principal amount of our merchant receivables. We also include qualitative adjustments that incorporate incremental information not captured in the quantitative estimates of our current expected credit losses. The allowance for current expected credit losses on interest and fees receivable is determined primarily by applying loss curves to each portfolio by geography, delinquency, and period of origination, among other factors. 
 
 The allowance for consumer loans and interest receivable not classified as held for sale is primarily based on expectations of credit losses based on historical lifetime loss data. The allowance for loans and interest receivable for our revolving credit product also incorporates macroeconomic forecasts applied to the portfolio. In the second quarter of 2023, our expected credit loss models for our revolving consumer receivables were updated. These changes did not have a material impact on our provision recorded in the year ended December 31, 2023. The consumer loss models incorporate various portfolio attributes including geographic region, loan term, delinquency, credit rating, vintage, and for the revolving credit portfolio macroeconomic factors such as forecasted trends in household disposable income and retail e-commerce sales (and through the first quarter of 2023, unemployment rates). The forecasted macroeconomic factors are sourced externally, using a single scenario that we believe is most appropriate to the economic conditions applicable to a particular period. The reasonable and supportable forecast period for revolving products and installment products (not classified as held for sale) that we have included in our projected loss rates for 2023, which approximates the estimated life of the loans, is approximately years and months to years, respectively. In 2022, the reasonable and supportable forecast periods were consistent with 2023 except for revolving products, which had a reasonable and supportable forecast period of years. Projected loss rates, inclusive of historical loss data and, for the revolving credit portfolio macroeconomic factors, are derived based on and applied to the principal amount of our consumer receivables. We also include qualitative adjustments that incorporate incremental information not captured in the quantitative estimates of our current expected credit losses, such as expectations of macroeconomic conditions not captured in the loss models for our installment products (not classified as held for sale). The allowance for current expected credit losses on interest and fees receivable is determined primarily by applying loss curves to each portfolio by geography, delinquency, and period of origination, among other factors. 
 
 In connection with the sale of our eligible consumer installment receivables, and the reclassification of that portfolio as held for sale, we reversed the previously recorded allowances for credit losses associated with those loans and interest receivable balances. Charge-offs and any adjustments to the fair value of loans and interest receivable, held for sale, are recorded in restructuring and other on our consolidated statement of income (loss). 
 
 of the aggregate amount of all customer balances. Therefore, we restrict the use of the assets underlying the customer balances to meet these regulatory requirements and separately classify the assets as customer accounts on our consolidated balance sheets. We classify the assets underlying the customer balances as current based on their purpose and availability to fulfill our direct obligation under amounts due to customers. Customer funds for which PayPal is an agent and custodian on behalf of our customers are not reflected on our consolidated balance sheets. These funds include U.S. dollar funds which are deposited at one or more third-party financial institutions insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC and are eligible for FDIC pass-through insurance (subject to applicable limits). 

70 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of European customer balances held in our Luxembourg banking subsidiary to fund European, U.K., and U.S. credit activities. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the total amount approved by management to be designated to fund credit activities was billion and billion, respectively, and represented approximately and of European customer balances made available for our corporate use as of those respective dates, as determined by applying financial regulations maintained by the CSSF. At the time PayPal s management designates the European customer balances held in our Luxembourg banking subsidiary to be used to extend credit, the balances are classified as cash and cash equivalents and no longer classified as customer accounts on our consolidated balance sheets. The remaining assets underlying the customer balances remain separately classified as customer accounts on our consolidated balance sheets. We identify these customer accounts separately from corporate funds and maintain them in interest and non-interest bearing bank deposits, time deposits, and available-for-sale debt securities. Customer balances deposited with our partners on a short-term basis in advance of customer transactions and used to fulfill our direct obligation under amounts due to customers are classified as cash and cash equivalents within our customer accounts classification on our consolidated balance sheets. See Note 8 Cash and Cash Equivalents, Funds Receivable and Customer Accounts, and Investments for additional information related to customer accounts. 
 
 We present changes in funds receivable and customer accounts as cash flows from investing activities on our consolidated statements of cash flows based on the nature of the activity underlying our customer accounts. 
 
 Under applicable accounting standards, we are an agent when facilitating cryptocurrency transactions on behalf of our customers. Cryptocurrencies held on behalf of our customers are not PayPal s assets and therefore, are not reflected as cryptocurrency assets on our consolidated balance sheets; however, we recognize a crypto asset safeguarding liability with a corresponding safeguarding asset to reflect our obligation to safeguard the cryptocurrencies held on behalf of our customers. 

for computer equipment and software, including capitalized software and website development costs, for furniture and fixtures, up to years for buildings and building improvements, and the shorter of or the non-cancelable term of the lease for leasehold improvements. 
 
 Direct costs incurred to develop software for internal use and website development costs, including those costs incurred in expanding and enhancing our payments platform, are capitalized and amortized generally over an estimated useful life of and are recorded as amortization within the financial statement captions aligned with the internal organizations that are the primary beneficiaries of such assets. We capitalized million and million of internally developed software and website development costs for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Amortization expense for these capitalized costs was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Costs related to the maintenance of internal use software and website development costs are expensed as incurred. 

71 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

. No significant residual value is estimated for intangible assets. 

72 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

days. Write-offs that are recovered are recorded as a reduction to our allowance for negative customer balances. Negative customer balances are included in other current assets, net of the allowance on our consolidated balance sheets. Adjustments to the allowance for negative customer balances are recorded as a component of transaction and credit losses on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 

See Note 10 Derivative Instruments for information related to the derivative instruments. 

73 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

See Note 7 Other Financial Statement Details for information related to our crypto asset safeguarding liability and corresponding safeguarding asset. 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, one customer accounted for and of net accounts receivables, respectively. No customer accounted for more than 10 of net loans receivable as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, one partner institution accounted for our long-term notes receivable balance, which represented and of other assets, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, no customer accounted for more than 10 of net revenues. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, one payment processor accounted for and of transaction expense, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, two payment processors accounted for of transaction expense. 

See Note 2 Revenue for information related to our revenue recognition. 

Advertising expense totaled million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

74 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

75 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 2 
 
 categories: transaction revenues and revenues from other value added services. 
 
 TRANSACTION REVENUES 
 
 We earn transaction revenues primarily from fees paid by our customers to receive payments on our platform. These fees may have a fixed and variable component. The variable component is generally a percentage of the value of the payment amount and is known at the time the transaction is processed. For a portion of our transactions, the variable component of the fee is eligible for reimbursement when the underlying transaction is approved for a refund. We estimate the amount of fee refunds that will be processed each quarter and record a provision against our transaction revenues. The volume of activity processed on our payments platform, which results in transaction revenue, is referred to as Total Payment Volume TPV ). We generate additional revenues from merchants and consumers: on transactions where we perform currency conversion, when we enable cross-border transactions (i.e., transactions where the merchant and consumer are in different countries), to facilitate the instant transfer of funds for our customers from their PayPal or Venmo account to their bank account or debit card, to facilitate the purchase and sale of cryptocurrencies, as contractual compensation from sellers that violate our contractual terms (for example, through fraud or counterfeiting), and other miscellaneous fees. Our transaction revenues are also reduced by certain incentives provided to our customers. 

76 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

performance obligation which is provided and recognized over the term of the contract. The transaction price is generally fixed and known at the end of each reporting period; however, for some agreements, it may be necessary to estimate the transaction price using the expected value method. Revenue earned from other value added services is recorded on a net basis when we are considered the agent with respect to processing transactions. 
 
 We also earn revenues from interest and fees earned on our portfolio of loans receivable, and interest earned on certain assets underlying customer balances. Interest and fees earned on the portfolio of loans receivable are computed and recognized based on the effective interest method and are presented net of any required reserves and amortization of deferred origination costs. 

77 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

segment and have reportable segment. Based on the information provided to and reviewed by our CODM, we believe that the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of our revenue and cash flows and how they are affected by economic factors are most appropriately depicted through our primary geographical markets and types of revenue categories (transaction revenues and revenues from other value added services). Revenues recorded within these categories are earned from similar products and services for which the nature of associated fees and the related revenue recognition models are substantially similar. 
 
 Other countries (1) 
 Total net revenues (2) 
 Revenue category Transaction revenues Revenues from other value added services Total net revenues (2) 
 
 (1) No single country included in the other countries category generated more than 10 of total net revenues. 
 (2) Total net revenues include billion, billion, and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, which do not represent revenues recognized in the scope of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue from contracts with customers. Such revenues relate to interest and fees earned on loans and interest receivable, including loans and interest receivable held for sale, as well as hedging gains or losses, and interest earned on certain assets underlying customer balances. 
 
 Net revenues are attributed to the country in which the party paying our fee is located. 

NOTE 3 

78 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Denominator: Weighted average shares of common stock basic 
 Dilutive effect of equity incentive awards Weighted average shares of common stock diluted 
 Net income (loss) per share: Basic Diluted Common stock equivalents excluded from net income (loss) per diluted share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive or potentially dilutive 

NOTE 4 
 
 acquisitions accounted for as business combinations completed in 2023 or 2022. There were divestitures completed in 2022 or 2021. 
 
 DIVESTITURES COMPLETED IN 2023 
 
 On November 1, 2023, we completed the sale of Happy Returns to United Parcel Services, Inc. for approximately million in cash, net of cash divested, and derecognized the assets held for sale, consisting primarily of million of goodwill and million of net intangible assets. The sale of Happy Returns will help enable us to focus on our core business and priorities. A pre-tax gain of million, net of transaction costs, was included in restructuring and other in the consolidated statements of income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ACQUISITIONS COMPLETED IN 2021 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we completed acquisitions reflecting of the equity interests of the acquired companies, for an aggregate purchase price of billion. 
 
 Paidy 
 
 We completed the acquisition of Paidy in October 2021 by acquiring all outstanding shares for total consideration of approximately billion, consisting of approximately billion in cash and approximately million in assumed restricted stock and restricted stock units, subject to vesting conditions. Paidy is a two-sided payments platform that primarily provides buy now, pay later solutions (installment credit offerings) in Japan. With the acquisition of Paidy, we expanded our capabilities and relevance in Japan. 

79 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Customer lists and user base Marketing related Developed technology Total intangibles Loans and interest receivable, net Cash and cash equivalents Other net assets Short-term and long-term debt ) Deferred tax liabilities, net ) Total purchase price 
 
 The intangible assets acquired consist primarily of merchant contracts, trade names/trademarks, and developed technology with estimated useful lives of three to . Contractual gross loans and interest receivable acquired were million. The excess of the purchase consideration, including the fair value of our equity investment, over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill and is attributable to the workforce of Paidy and the synergies expected to arise from the acquisition, including continued customer acquisition. Goodwill was not deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 In connection with the acquisition, we issued restricted stock and restricted stock units with an approximate grant date fair value of million, which represents post-business combination expense. The equity granted is a combination of shares issued to certain former Paidy employees subject to a holdback arrangement and assumed Paidy employee equity grants, which vest over a period of up to approximately subject to continued employment. 
 
 Other acquisitions 
 
 In 2021, we completed other acquisitions accounted for as business combinations. The total purchase price for these acquisitions was million, consisting primarily of cash consideration. The allocation of purchase consideration resulted in approximately million of technology, customer, and marketing-related intangible assets with estimated useful lives ranging from approximately one to , net assets of million, and goodwill of approximately million attributable to the workforce of the acquired companies and the synergies expected to arise from these acquisitions, including the integration of the acquired technology with our existing product offerings. Goodwill was not considered deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 million, which resulted in an aggregate gain of million recognized as other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). The acquisition-date fair value was derived using the value paid less a control premium based on market analysis performed by a third party. 

80 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 5 
 
 ) ) 
 
 The adjustments to goodwill during 2023 pertained to foreign currency translation adjustments and a reduction in goodwill associated with the divestiture of Happy Returns. For additional information, see Note 4 Business Combinations and Divestitures. The adjustments to goodwill during 2022 pertained primarily to foreign currency translation adjustments. 
 
 INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
 
 ) ) Marketing related ) ) Developed technology ) ) All other ) ) Intangible assets, net ) ) 

In the year ended December 31, 2023, we recorded a reduction of approximately million of gross intangible assets, with a net carrying amount of million, associated with the divestiture of Happy Returns as described in Note 4 Business Combinations and Divestitures. In the year ended December 31, 2023, we retired approximately million of fully amortized intangible assets, consisting primarily of million in customer lists and user base and million in developed technology. Amortization expense for intangible assets was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 

81 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 6 
 
 Sublease income ) ) ) Lease expense, net 
 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 (In millions) Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases ROU lease assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 ) Other non-cash ROU lease asset activity (1) 
 ) ) ) 
 (1) ROU lease asset impairment. Refer to Note 17 Restructuring and Other for further details. 
 
 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 
 As of December 31, 2023 2022 (In millions, except weighted-average figures) Operating ROU lease assets Current operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases 
 years years Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 

82 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Less: present value discount ) Lease liability 
 
 Operating lease amounts include minimum lease payments under our non-cancelable operating leases primarily for office and data center facilities. The amounts presented are consistent with contractual terms and are not expected to differ significantly from actual results under our existing leases. We recognize rent expense under such agreements on a straight-line basis. Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 totaled million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we have additional operating leases, primarily for data centers, which will commence in the first quarter of 2024 or later with minimum lease payments aggregating to million and lease terms ranging from five to . 

NOTE 7 
 
 third-party custodians; as such, there is concentration risk in the event these custodians are not able to perform in accordance with our agreement. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had not incurred any safeguarding loss events, and therefore, the crypto asset safeguarding liability and corresponding safeguarding asset were recorded at the same value. 

83 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Ethereum Other Crypto asset safeguarding liability Crypto asset safeguarding asset 
 
 Internal use software and website development costs Land and buildings Leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Development in progress and other Total property and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 Net changes in accounts payable on our consolidated statements of cash flows includes non-cash investing activities associated with property and equipment; the impact of which was an increase of million in 2023 and a decrease of million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Geographical information 
 
 Other countries Total long-lived assets 
 
 Long-lived assets attributed to the U.S. and other countries are based upon the country in which the asset is located or owned. 

84 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Less: Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI 
 ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated balances of other comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Cash Flow Hedges Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Available-for-sale Debt Securities 
 Foreign 
 CTA 
 Net Investment Hedges CTA Gains (Losses) Estimated Tax (Expense) Benefit Total (In millions) Beginning balance ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Less: Amount of gain reclassified from AOCI 
 Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) ) 
 The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated balances of other comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Cash Flow Hedges Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Available-for-sale Debt Securities 
 Foreign CTA 
 Net Investment Hedges CTA Gains (Losses) Estimated Tax (Expense) Benefit Total (In millions) Beginning balance ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Less: Amount of loss reclassified from AOCI 
 ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) ) 

85 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ) Net revenues Losses on available-for-sale debt securities 
 ) Net revenues Losses (gains) on available-for-sale debt securities 
 ) Other income (expense), net ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense (benefit) Total reclassifications for the period ) Net income (loss) 
 
 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET 
 
 Interest expense ) ) ) Net gains (losses) on strategic investments ) Other ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) 
 
 Refer to Note 1 Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for details on the composition of these balances. 

86 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 8 
 
 Funds receivable and customer accounts: Cash and cash equivalents (2) 
 Time deposits Available-for-sale debt securities Funds receivable Total funds receivable and customer accounts Short-term investments: Time deposits Available-for-sale debt securities Restricted cash Total short-term investments Long-term investments: Time deposits Available-for-sale debt securities Strategic investments Total long-term investments (1) Includes million and million of available-for-sale debt securities with original maturities of three months or less as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) Includes million and million of available-for-sale debt securities with original maturities of three months or less as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

87 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Commercial paper Funds receivable and customer accounts: U.S. government and agency securities ) Foreign government and agency securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Asset-backed securities ) Municipal securities ) Commercial paper ) Short-term investments: U.S. government and agency securities ) Foreign government and agency securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Asset-backed securities ) Commercial paper ) Long-term investments: U.S. government and agency securities ) Foreign government and agency securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Asset-backed securities Total available-for-sale debt securities (2) 
 ) 
 (1) Denotes gross unrealized gain or unrealized loss of less than 1 million in a given position. 
 (2) Excludes foreign currency denominated available-for-sale debt securities accounted for under the fair value option. Refer to Note 9 Fair Value Measurement of Assets and Liabilities. 

88 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Corporate debt securities Commercial paper Funds receivable and customer accounts: U.S. government and agency securities ) Foreign government and agency securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Asset-backed securities ) Municipal securities ) Commercial paper ) Short-term investments: U.S. government and agency securities ) Foreign government and agency securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Asset-backed securities ) Commercial paper Long-term investments: U.S. government and agency securities ) Foreign government and agency securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Asset-backed securities ) Total available-for-sale debt securities (2) 
 ) 
 (1) Denotes gross unrealized gain or unrealized loss of less than 1 million in a given position. 
 (2) Excludes foreign currency denominated available-for-sale debt securities accounted for under the fair value option. Refer to Note 9 Fair Value Measurement of Assets and Liabilities. 
 
 Gross amortized cost and estimated fair value balances exclude accrued interest receivable on available-for-sale debt securities, which totaled million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and were included in other current assets on our consolidated balance sheets. 

89 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Funds receivable and customer accounts: U.S. government and agency securities ) ) ) Foreign government and agency securities ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) Commercial paper ) ) Short-term investments: U.S. government and agency securities ) ) Foreign government and agency securities ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) Commercial paper ) ) Long-term investments: U.S. government and agency securities ) ) Foreign government and agency securities ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Asset-backed securities Total available-for-sale debt securities ) ) ) 
 (1) Denotes gross unrealized loss or fair value of less than 1 million in a given position. 

90 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Funds receivable and customer accounts: U.S. government and agency securities ) ) ) Foreign government and agency securities ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) Commercial paper ) ) Short-term investments: U.S. government and agency securities ) ) Foreign government and agency securities ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Commercial paper Long-term investments: U.S. government and agency securities ) ) Foreign government and agency securities ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Total available-for-sale debt securities ) ) ) 
 (1) Denotes gross unrealized loss or fair value of less than 1 million in a given position. 
 
 Unrealized losses have not been recognized into income as we neither intend to sell, nor anticipate that it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell, the securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis. The decline in fair value is due primarily to changes in market interest rates, rather than credit losses. We will continue to monitor the performance of the investment portfolio and assess whether impairment due to expected credit losses has occurred. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we received billion in proceeds from the sale of available-for-sale debt securities and incurred gross realized losses of million and de minimis gross realized gains, which were determined using the specific identification method. Amounts reclassified to earnings from unrealized gains and losses were not material for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 After one year through five years After five years through ten years After ten years Total 
 
 Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities as certain securities may be prepaid. 

91 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, including the impact of the sale of marketable equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Our non-marketable equity securities are recorded in long-term investments on our consolidated balance sheets. The carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities totaled billion as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we had non-marketable equity securities of million and million, respectively, for which we have the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the investee. We account for these equity securities using the equity method of accounting. The remaining non-marketable equity securities do not have a readily determinable fair value and we measure these equity investments at cost minus impairment, if any, and adjust for changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment in the same issuer. All gains and losses on these investments, realized and unrealized, and our share of earnings or losses from investments accounted for using the equity method are recognized in other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 
 Measurement Alternative adjustments 
 
 Adjustments related to non-marketable equity securities: Net additions (1) 
 Gross unrealized gains Gross unrealized losses and impairments ) ) Carrying amount, end of period 
 (1) Net additions include purchases, reductions due to sales of securities, and reclassifications when the Measurement Alternative is subsequently elected or no longer applies. 
 
 The following table summarizes the cumulative gross unrealized gains and cumulative gross unrealized losses and impairment related to non-marketable equity securities accounted for under the Measurement Alternative, held at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively: 
 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 (In millions) Cumulative gross unrealized gains Cumulative gross unrealized losses and impairments ) ) 
 
 Unrealized gains (losses) on strategic investments, excluding those accounted for using the equity method 

92 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 9 
 
 Commercial paper Money market fund 
 Total cash and cash equivalents 
 Short-term investments (2) : 
 U.S. government and agency securities Foreign government and agency securities Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Commercial paper Total short-term investments Funds receivable and customer accounts (3) : 
 U.S. government and agency securities Foreign government and agency securities Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Municipal securities Commercial paper Total funds receivable and customer accounts Derivatives (4) 
 Crypto asset safeguarding asset (4) 
 Long-term investments (2),(5) : 
 U.S. government and agency securities Foreign government and agency securities Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Marketable equity securities Total long-term investments Total financial assets Liabilities: Derivatives (4) 
 Crypto asset safeguarding liability (4) 
 Total financial liabilities 
 (1) Excludes cash of billion not measured and recorded at fair value. 
 (2) Excludes restricted cash of million and time deposits of million not measured and recorded at fair value. 
 (3) Excludes cash, time deposits, and funds receivable of billion underlying funds receivable and customer accounts not measured and recorded at fair value. 

93 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 billion measured using the Measurement Alternative or equity method accounting. 

December 31, 2022 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) (In millions) Assets: Cash and cash equivalents (1) : 
 U.S. government and agency securities Corporate debt securities Commercial paper Money market fund 
 Total cash and cash equivalents 
 Short-term investments (2) : 
 U.S. government and agency securities Foreign government and agency securities Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Commercial paper Total short-term investments Funds receivable and customer accounts (3) : 
 U.S. government and agency securities Foreign government and agency securities Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Municipal securities Commercial paper Total funds receivable and customer accounts Derivatives (4) 
 Crypto asset safeguarding asset (4) 
 Long-term investments (2), (5) : 
 U.S. government and agency securities Foreign government and agency securities Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Marketable equity securities Total long-term investments Total financial assets Liabilities: Derivatives (4) 
 Crypto asset safeguarding liability (4) 
 Total financial liabilities 
 (1) Excludes cash of billion not measured and recorded at fair value. 

94 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and time deposits of million not measured and recorded at fair value. 
 (3) Excludes cash, time deposits, and funds receivable of billion underlying funds receivable and customer accounts not measured and recorded at fair value. 
 (4) Derivative assets and liabilities are included within prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets and accrued expenses and other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets. Crypto safeguarding asset and associated liability are recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets and accrued expenses and other current liabilities, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 (5) Excludes non-marketable equity securities of billion measured using the Measurement Alternative or equity method accounting. 
 
 Our marketable equity securities are valued using quoted prices for identical assets in active markets (Level 1). There are no active markets for our crypto asset safeguarding liability or the corresponding safeguarding asset. Accordingly, we have valued the asset and liability using quoted prices on the active exchange that we have identified as the principal market for the underlying crypto assets (Level 2). All other financial assets and liabilities are valued using quoted prices for identical instruments in less active markets, readily available pricing sources for comparable instruments, or models using market observable inputs (Level 2). 
 
 A majority of our derivative instruments are valued using pricing models that take into account the contract terms as well as multiple inputs where applicable, such as currency rates, interest rate yield curves, option volatility, and equity prices. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we did not have any assets or liabilities requiring measurement at fair value on a recurring basis with significant unobservable inputs that would require a high level of judgment to determine fair value (Level 3). 
 
 We elect to account for available-for-sale debt securities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of our subsidiaries under the fair value option. Election of the fair value option allows us to recognize any gains and losses from fair value changes on such investments in other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of income (loss) to significantly reduce the accounting asymmetry that would otherwise arise when recognizing the corresponding foreign exchange gains and losses relating to customer liabilities. 
 
 The following table summarizes the gains (losses) from fair value changes recognized in other income (expense), net related to the available-for-sale debt securities under the fair value option for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 : 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 (In millions) Funds receivable and customer accounts ) 

95 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Non-marketable equity securities measured using the Measurement Alternative (1) 
 Other assets (2) 
 Total 
 (1) Excludes non-marketable equity securities of billion accounted for under the Measurement Alternative for which no observable price changes occurred during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Consists of ROU lease assets recorded at fair value pursuant to impairment charges that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2023. See Note 6 Leases for additional information. 
 
 December 31, 2022 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) (In millions) Non-marketable equity securities measured using the Measurement Alternative (1) 
 Other assets (2) 
 Total 
 (1) Excludes non-marketable equity securities of million accounted for under the Measurement Alternative for which no observable price changes occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The fair value of loans and interest receivables held for sale is classified within Level 3 as we estimate fair value using significant unobservable inputs. The significant unobservable input is the price at which the Company expects to sell the loans based upon our agreement with the global investment firm to purchase these loans. The price is determined based upon certain loan and risk classifications of the portfolio. 
 Price-based Price 
 (1) Prices are measured in relation to par. 
 (2) Weighted average is calculated based on the fair value of the loans. 
 
 We measure the non-marketable equity securities accounted for under the Measurement Alternative at cost minus impairment, if any, adjusted for observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment in the same issuer. Non-marketable equity securities that have been remeasured during the period based on observable price changes are classified within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy because we estimate the fair value based on valuation methods which only include significant inputs that are observable, such as the observable transaction price at the transaction date. The fair value of non-marketable equity securities are classified within Level 3 when we estimate fair value using significant unobservable inputs such as when we remeasure due to impairment and use discount rates, forecasted cash flows, and market data of comparable companies, among others. 

96 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and fair value of approximately million as of December 31, 2023. Our notes receivable had a carrying value of approximately million and fair value of approximately million as of December 31, 2022. Our term debt (including current portion) in the form of fixed rate notes had a carrying value of approximately billion and fair value of approximately billion as of December 31, 2023. Our term debt (including current portion) in the form of fixed rate notes had a carrying value of approximately billion and fair value of approximately billion as of December 31, 2022. If these financial instruments were measured at fair value in the financial statements, cash would be classified as Level 1; restricted cash, time deposits, certain customer accounts, and term debt (including current portion) would be classified as Level 2; and the remaining financial instruments would be classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 

NOTE 10 
 
 months or less, to reduce the volatility of cash flows primarily related to forecasted revenues and expenses denominated in certain foreign currencies. The objective of these foreign currency exchange contracts is to help mitigate the risk that the U.S. dollar-equivalent cash flows are adversely affected by changes in the applicable U.S. dollar/foreign currency exchange rate. These derivative instruments are designated as cash flow hedges and accordingly, the derivative s gain or loss is initially reported as a component of AOCI and subsequently reclassified into revenue or applicable expense line item in the consolidated statements of income (loss) in the same period the forecasted transaction affects earnings. We evaluate the effectiveness of our foreign currency exchange contracts on a quarterly basis by comparing the critical terms of the derivative instruments with the critical terms of the forecasted cash flows of the hedged item; if the critical terms are the same, we conclude the hedge will be perfectly effective. We do not exclude any component of the changes in fair value of the derivative instruments from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. We report cash flows arising from derivative instruments consistent with the classification of cash flows from the underlying hedged items that these derivatives are hedging. Accordingly, the cash flows associated with derivatives designated as cash flow hedges are classified in cash flows from operating activities on our consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we estimated that million of net derivative losses related to our cash flow hedges included in AOCI are expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we did not discontinue any cash flow hedges because it was probable that the original forecasted transaction would not occur and as such, did not reclassify any gains or losses to earnings prior to the occurrence of the hedged transaction. If we elect to discontinue our cash flow hedges and it is probable that the original forecasted transaction will occur, we continue to report the derivative s gain or loss in AOCI until the forecasted transaction affects earnings, at which point we also reclassify it into earnings. Gains and losses on derivatives held after we discontinue our cash flow hedges and on derivative instruments that are not designated as cash flow hedges are recorded in the same financial statement line item to which the derivative relates. 

97 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

t reclassified any gains or losses related to net investment hedges from AOCI into earnings for any of the periods presented. 
 
 Foreign currency exchange contracts not designated as hedging instruments 
 
 We have a foreign currency exposure management program in which we use foreign currency exchange contracts to offset the foreign currency exchange risk of our assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of our subsidiaries. These contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our assets and liabilities. The gains and losses due to remeasurement of certain foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities are recorded in other income (expense), net, which are offset by the gains and losses on these foreign currency exchange contracts. The cash flows associated with our non-designated derivatives used to hedge foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities are classified in cash flows from operating activities on our consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 FAIR VALUE OF DERIVATIVE CONTRACTS 
 
 Foreign currency exchange contracts designated as hedging instruments Other assets (non-current) Foreign currency exchange contracts not designated as hedging instruments Other current assets Total derivative assets Derivative Liabilities: Foreign currency exchange contracts designated as hedging instruments Other current liabilities Foreign currency exchange contracts designated as hedging instruments Other long-term liabilities Foreign currency exchange contracts not designated as hedging instruments Other current liabilities Total derivative liabilities 

98 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Rights of set-off associated with our foreign currency exchange contracts represented a potential offset to both assets and liabilities of million as of December 31, 2023 and million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We have entered into collateral security arrangements that provide for collateral to be received or posted when the net fair value of certain financial instruments fluctuates from contractually established thresholds. 
 Cash collateral received (2) 
 
 (1) Right to reclaim cash collateral related to our derivative liabilities recognized in other current assets on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Obligation to return counterparty cash collateral related to our derivative assets recognized in other current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 EFFECT OF DERIVATIVE CONTRACTS ON CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 ) ) Gains (losses) on derivatives in cash flow hedging relationship: Amount of gains (losses) on foreign exchange contracts reclassified from AOCI ) Gains on derivatives in net investment hedging relationship: Amount of gains on foreign exchange contracts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness 
 Gains (losses) on derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Amount of (losses) gains on foreign exchange contracts 
 ) Amount of gains (losses) on equity derivative contracts (1) 
 ) Total gains (losses) ) ) 
 (1) During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, equity derivative contracts were entered into and matured in association with the sale of marketable equity securities related to strategic investments. The cash flows associated with the equity derivative contracts were classified in cash flows from investing activities on our consolidated statements of cash flows. 

99 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges 
 ) Total net unrealized gains recognized from derivative contracts designated as hedging instruments in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign exchange contracts not designated as hedging instruments Total 

NOTE 11 
 
 billion of our eligible consumer installment receivables portfolio, including a forward-flow arrangement for the sale of future originations. Loans and interest receivable, held for sale are recorded at the lower of cost or fair value, determined on an aggregate basis, with valuation changes and any associated charge-offs recorded in restructuring and other on our consolidated statements of income (loss). See Note 1 Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we reclassified approximately billion of eligible consumer installment receivables from loans and interest receivable, net to loans and interest receivable, held for sale. As of December 31, 2023, the total outstanding balance in our held for sale portfolio was million. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we sold billion of loans and interest receivable in connection with this agreement. 

100 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million, respectively, in consumer receivables. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the outstanding balance of consumer receivables, which consisted of revolving and installment loans and interest receivable, was billion and billion, respectively, net of the participation interest sold to the partner institution of million and million, respectively. See Note 1 Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information on this participation arrangement. 
 
 We closely monitor the credit quality of our consumer receivables to evaluate and manage our related exposure to credit risk. Credit risk management begins with initial underwriting and continues through the full repayment of a loan. To assess a consumer who requests a loan, we use, among other indicators, internally developed risk models using detailed information from external sources, such as credit bureaus where available, and internal data, including the consumer s prior repayment history with our credit products where available. We use delinquency status and trends to assist in making (or, for interest-bearing installment loans in the U.S., to assist the partner institution in making) new and ongoing credit decisions, to adjust our models, to plan our collection practices and strategies, and in determining our allowance for consumer loans and interest receivable. 
 
 Consumer receivables delinquency and allowance 
 
 30 - 59 Days 60 - 89 Days 90 - 179 Days Total 
 Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2023 

101 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

30 - 59 Days 60 - 89 Days 90 - 179 Days Total (1) 
 
 (1) Excludes receivables from other consumer credit products of million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in allowance due to reclassification of loans and interest receivable to or from held for sale 
 ) ) Provisions Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Other (3) 
 ) ) ) Ending balance 
 (1) Beginning balances, provisions and charge-offs include amounts related to loans and interest receivable prior to their reclassification to loan and interest receivable, held for sale. 
 (2) Excludes allowances from other consumer credit products of million at December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Includes amounts related to foreign currency remeasurement. 
 
 The provision for the year ended December 31, 2023 for our consumer receivable portfolio was primarily attributable to growth in installment loans in the U.S. and Japan and U.K. revolving loans as well as a deterioration in credit quality of installment loans in the U.S. Qualitative adjustments were made to account for limitations in our current expected credit loss models due to uncertainty with respect to macroeconomic conditions and the financial health of our borrowers. 
 
 The increase in charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the same period in the prior year was due to the expansion of our installment products, growth of revolving credit products, and credit deterioration of our U.S. interest-bearing installment credit products. 
 
 The provision for current expected credit losses relating to our consumer receivable portfolio is recognized in transaction and credit losses on our consolidated statements of income (loss). The provision for interest receivable for interest earned on our consumer receivable portfolio is recognized in revenues from other value added services as a reduction to revenue. Loans receivable continue to accrue interest until they are charged off. 
 
 We charge off consumer receivable balances in the month in which a customer s balance becomes days past the billing date or contractual repayment date, except for the U.S. consumer interest-bearing installment receivables, which are charged off days past the contractual repayment date. Bankrupt accounts are charged off within days after receipt of notification of bankruptcy. Charge-offs are recorded as a reduction to our allowance for loans and interest receivable and subsequent recoveries, if any, are recorded as an increase to the allowance for loans and interest receivable. 

102 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

billion and billion in merchant receivables, respectively. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the total outstanding balance in our pool of merchant loans, advances, and interest and fees receivable was billion and billion, respectively, net of the participation interest sold to the partner institution of million and million, respectively. See Note 1 Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information on this participation arrangement. 
 
 Through our PPWC product, merchants can borrow a certain percentage of their annual payment volume processed by PayPal and are charged a fixed fee for the loan or advance based on the overall credit assessment of the merchant. Loans and advances are repaid through a fixed percentage of the merchant s future payment volume that PayPal processes. Through our PPBL product, we provide merchants access to short-term business financing for a fixed fee based on an evaluation of the applying business as well as the business owner. PPBL repayments are collected through periodic payments until the balance has been satisfied. 
 
 The interest or fee is fixed at the time the loan or advance is extended and is recognized as deferred revenue in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. The fixed interest or fee is amortized into revenues from other value added services based on the amount repaid over the repayment period. We estimate the repayment period for PPWC based on the merchant s payment processing history with PayPal. For PPWC, there is a general requirement that at least of the original amount of the loan or advance plus the fixed fee must be repaid every days. We calculate the repayment rate of the merchant s future payment volume so that repayment of the loan or advance and fixed fee is expected to generally occur within to months from the date of the loan or advance. On a monthly basis, we recalculate the repayment period based on the repayment activity on the receivable. As such, actual repayment periods are dependent on actual merchant payment processing volumes. For PPBL, we receive fixed periodic payments over the contractual term of the loan, which generally ranges from to months. 
 
 We actively monitor receivables with repayment periods greater than the original expected or contractual repayment period, as well as the credit quality of our merchant loans and advances that we extend or purchase, so that we can evaluate, quantify, and manage our credit risk exposure. To assess a merchant seeking a loan or advance, we use, among other indicators, risk models developed internally which utilize information obtained from multiple internal and external data sources to predict the likelihood of timely and satisfactory repayment by the merchant of the loan or advance amount and the related interest or fee. Primary drivers of the models include the merchant s annual payment volume, payment processing history with PayPal, prior repayment history with PayPal s credit products where available, information sourced from consumer and business credit bureau reports, and other information obtained during the application process. We use delinquency status and trends to assist in making (or, in the U.S., to assist the partner institution in making) ongoing credit decisions, to adjust our internal models, to plan our collection strategies, and in determining our allowance for these loans, advances, and interest and fees receivable. 

103 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 30 - 59 Days 60 - 89 Days 90 - 179 Days 180+ Days Total 
 Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2023 

December 31, 2022 (In millions, except percentages) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Total Percent Merchant loans, advances, and interest and fees receivable: 
 Current 30 - 59 Days 60 - 89 Days 90 - 179 Days 180+ Days Total 

Provisions Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Ending balance 

104 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 days past the contractual repayment date. We charge off the receivables outstanding under our PPWC product when the repayments are days past our expectation of repayments and the merchant has not made a payment in the last days, or when the repayments are days past due regardless of whether the merchant has made a payment in the last days. Bankrupt accounts are charged off within days after receipt of notification of bankruptcy. The provision for credit losses on merchant loans and advances is recognized in transaction and credit losses on our consolidated statements of income (loss), and the provision for interest and fees receivable is recognized as a reduction of deferred revenue in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Charge-offs are recorded as a reduction to our allowance for loans and interest receivable and subsequent recoveries, if any, are recorded as an increase to the allowance for loans and interest receivable. 
 
 Loan modifications for merchants experiencing financial difficulty 
 
 In certain instances, we may modify the merchant loans, advances, and interest and fees receivable for which we determine it is probable that, without modification, we would be unable to collect all amounts due. These modifications are intended to provide merchants with financial relief and enable us to potentially mitigate losses. 
 
 Modifications during the year ended December 31, 2023 were term extensions. These modifications increased the term, while moving the delinquency status to current. 
 Modifications as of merchant loans, advances, and interest and fees receivables Weighted average term extension (months) 
 
 We closely monitor the performance of the merchant loans, advances, and interest and fees receivable that were modified to extend the term to understand the effectiveness of these modification efforts. 
 30 - 59 days past due 60 - 89 days past due 90 - 179 days past due Total 
 
 A merchant is considered in payment default after a modification when the merchant s payment is days past their expected or contractual repayment date. Merchant loans, advances, and interest and fees receivable modified to extend the term since January 1, 2023 that subsequently defaulted were not material during the year ended December 31, 2023. 

105 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 12 
 
 billion (approximately million as of December 31, 2023). Interest on these notes is payable on June 9 and December 9 of each year, beginning on December 9, 2023. 
 
 In May 2022, we issued fixed rate notes with varying maturity dates for an aggregate principal amount of billion. Interest on these notes is payable on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2022. 
 
 In May 2020, we issued fixed rate notes with varying maturity dates for an aggregate principal amount of billion. Interest on these notes is payable on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2020. 
 
 In September 2019, we issued fixed rate notes with varying maturity dates for an aggregate principal amount of billion. Interest on these notes is payable in arrears semiannually (payable on April 1 and October 1). 
 
 The notes issued from the June 2023, May 2022, May 2020, and September 2019 debt issuances are senior unsecured obligations and are collectively referred to as the Notes. We may redeem the Notes in whole, at any time, or in part (except for the June 2023 notes), from time to time, prior to maturity, at their redemption prices. Upon the occurrence of both a change of control of the Company and a downgrade of the Notes below an investment grade rating, we will be required to offer to repurchase each series of Notes at a price equal to of the then outstanding principal amounts, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Notes are subject to covenants, including limitations on our ability to create liens on our assets, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, and merge or consolidate with another entity, in each case subject to certain exceptions, limitations, and qualifications. Proceeds from the issuance of these Notes may be used for general corporate purposes, which may include funding the repayment or redemption of outstanding debt, share repurchases, ongoing operations, capital expenditures, acquisitions of businesses, assets, or strategic investments. 
 
 In May 2022, we repurchased certain notes under the September 2019 and May 2020 debt issuances prior to maturity through tender offers. In addition, in June 2022, we redeemed the outstanding balance of the notes maturing in September 2022 through a make-whole redemption. We repurchased and redeemed billion of outstanding notes, as described above, which resulted in de minimis debt extinguishment net gains that were recorded as interest expense within other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

106 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 billion and billion, respectively, related to the Notes. 
 notes 
 10/1/2024 Fixed-rate notes 
 10/1/2026 Fixed-rate notes 
 10/1/2029 May 2020 debt issuance: 
 Fixed-rate notes 
 6/1/2023 Fixed-rate notes 
 6/1/2025 Fixed-rate notes 
 6/1/2030 Fixed-rate notes 
 6/1/2050 May 2022 debt issuance: 
 Fixed-rate notes 
 6/1/2027 Fixed-rate notes 
 6/1/2032 Fixed-rate notes 
 6/1/2052 Fixed-rate notes 
 6/1/2062 June 2023 debt issuance (1) : 
 billion fixed-rate notes 
 6/9/2025 billion fixed-rate notes 
 6/9/2026 billion fixed-rate notes 
 6/9/2028 Total term debt Unamortized premium (discount) and issuance costs, net ) ) Less: current portion of term debt (2) 
 ) ) Total carrying amount of term debt 
 (1) Principal amounts represent the U.S. dollar equivalent as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) The current portion of term debt is included within accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The effective interest rates for the Notes include interest on the Notes, amortization of debt issuance costs, and amortization of the debt discount. The interest expense recorded for the Notes, including amortization of the debt discount, debt issuance costs, and debt extinguishment net gains, was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

107 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

revolving credit facility 
 
 In June 2023, we entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement that provides for an unsecured billion, revolving credit facility and terminated the facility entered into in September 2019. The Credit Agreement includes a million letter of credit sub-facility and a million swingline sub-facility, with available borrowings under the revolving credit facility reduced by the amount of any letters of credit and swingline borrowings outstanding from time to time. Loans borrowed under the Credit Agreement are available in U.S. dollar, Euro, British pound, and Australian dollar, and in each case subject to the sub-limits and other limitations provided in the Credit Agreement. We may also, subject to the agreement of the applicable lenders and satisfaction of specified conditions, increase the commitments under the revolving credit facility by up to billion. Subject to specific conditions, we may designate one or more of our subsidiaries as additional borrowers under the Credit Agreement, provided PayPal Holdings, Inc. guarantees the portion of borrowings made available and other obligations of any such subsidiaries under the Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2023, certain subsidiaries were designated as additional borrowers. Funds borrowed under the Credit Agreement may be used for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other purposes not in contravention of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 We are obligated to pay interest on loans under the Credit Agreement and other customary fees for a credit facility of this size and type, including an upfront fee and an unused commitment fee based on our debt rating. Loans under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at either (i) the applicable term benchmark rate plus a margin (based on the Company's public debt ratings) ranging from to , (ii) the applicable Risk-Free Rate (Sterling Overnight Index Average for loans denominated in pounds sterling and Euro Short-Term Rate for loans denominated in euros) rate plus a margin (based on the Company s public debt ratings) ranging from to , (iii) the applicable overnight rate plus a margin (based on the Company's public debt ratings) ranging from to or (iv) a formula based on the prime rate, the federal funds effective rate or the adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus a margin (based on the Company's public debt ratings) ranging from to . Subject to certain conditions stated in the Credit Agreement, the Company and any subsidiaries designated as additional borrowers may borrow, prepay and reborrow amounts under the revolving credit facility at any time during the term of the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement will terminate and all amounts owing thereunder will be due and payable on June 7, 2028, unless (a) the commitments are terminated earlier, either at the request of the Company or, if an event of default occurs, by the lenders (or automatically in the case of certain bankruptcy-related events), or (b) the maturity date is extended upon the request of the Company, subject to the agreement of the lenders. The Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, including a financial covenant, events of default, and indemnification provisions in favor of the lenders. The negative covenants include restrictions regarding the incurrence of liens and the incurrence of subsidiary indebtedness, in each case subject to certain exceptions. The financial covenant requires the Company to meet a quarterly financial test with respect to a maximum consolidated leverage ratio. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, borrowings or letters of credit were outstanding under the Credit Agreement. Accordingly, at December 31, 2023, billion of borrowing capacity was available for the purposes permitted by the Credit Agreement, subject to customary conditions to borrowing. 
 
 Paidy credit agreement 
 
 In February 2022, we entered into a credit agreement (the Paidy Credit Agreement with Paidy as co-borrower, which provided for an unsecured revolving credit facility of billion, which was modified in September 2022, to increase the borrowing capacity by billion for a total borrowing capacity of billion (approximately million as of December 31, 2023). As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, billion (approximately million) and billion (approximately million) was drawn down under the Paidy Credit Agreement, respectively, which was recorded in long-term debt on our consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2023, billion (approximately million) of borrowing capacity was available for the purposes permitted by the Paidy Credit Agreement, subject to customary conditions to borrowing. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the total interest expense and fees we recorded related to the Paidy Credit Agreement were de minimis. 
 
 Other available facilities 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had a short-term borrowing of million due to a bank overdraft, which was recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. The weighted average interest rate on the borrowing was . 

108 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million in the aggregate, as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. This available credit includes facilities where we can withdraw and utilize the funds at our discretion for general corporate purposes. Interest rate terms for these facilities vary by region and reflect prevailing market rates for companies with strong credit ratings. As of December 31, 2023, the majority of the borrowing capacity under these credit facilities was available, subject to customary conditions to borrowing. 
 
 FUTURE PRINCIPAL PAYMENTS 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 NOTE 13 
 billion and billion, respectively, of unused credit was available to PayPal Credit account holders in the U.K. While this amount represents the total unused credit available, we have not experienced, and do not anticipate, that all our PayPal Credit account holders will access their entire available credit at any given point in time. In addition, the individual lines of credit that make up this unused credit are subject to periodic review and termination based on, among other things, account usage and customer creditworthiness. 
 
 LITIGATION AND REGULATORY MATTERS 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are involved in legal and regulatory proceedings on an ongoing basis. Certain of these proceedings are in early stages and may seek an indeterminate amount of damages or penalties or may require us to change or adopt certain business practices. If we believe that a loss arising from such matters is probable and can be reasonably estimated, we accrue the estimated liability in our financial statements at that time. If only a range of estimated losses can be determined, we accrue an amount within the range that, in our judgment, reflects the most likely outcome; if none of the estimates within that range is a better estimate than any other amount, we accrue the low end of the range. For those proceedings in which an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible but not probable, we have disclosed an estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of losses or we have concluded that an estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of losses arising directly from the proceeding (i.e., monetary damages or amounts paid in judgment or settlement) are not material. If we cannot estimate the probable or reasonably possible loss or range of losses arising from a legal proceeding, we have disclosed that fact. In assessing the materiality of a legal proceeding, we evaluate, among other factors, the amount of monetary damages claimed, as well as the potential impact of non-monetary remedies sought by plaintiffs (e.g., injunctive relief) that may require us to change our business practices in a manner that could have a material adverse impact on our business. With respect to the matters disclosed in this Note 13, we are unable to estimate the possible loss or range of losses that could potentially result from the application of such non-monetary remedies. 
 
 Amounts accrued for legal and regulatory proceedings for which we believe a loss is probable and reasonably estimable were not material for the year ended December 31, 2023. Except as otherwise noted for the proceedings described in this Note 13, we have concluded, based on currently available information, that reasonably possible losses arising directly from the proceedings (i.e., monetary damages or amounts paid in judgment or settlement) in excess of our recorded accruals are also not material. Determining legal reserves or possible losses from such matters involves judgment and may not reflect the full range of uncertainties and unpredictable outcomes. We may be exposed to losses in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could be material. If any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

109 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

110 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 related putative shareholder derivative actions captioned Pang v. Daniel Schulman, et al. , Case No. 21-cv-09720, and Lalor v. Daniel Schulman, et al. , Case No. 22-cv-00370, respectively, were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (the California Derivative Actions ), purportedly on behalf of the Company. On August 2, 2022, a related putative shareholder derivative action captioned Jefferson v. Daniel Schulman, et al. , No. 2022-0684, was filed in the Court of Chancery for the State of Delaware (the Delaware Derivative Action, and collectively with the California Derivative Actions, the Derivative Actions ), purportedly on behalf of the Company. The Derivative Actions are based on the same alleged facts and circumstances as the putative securities class action captioned Kang v. PayPal Holdings, Inc., et al. , Case No. 21-cv-06468, that was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (the Kang Securities Action ), and name certain of our officers, including our former Chief Executive Officer and former Chief Financial Officer, and members of our Board of Directors, as defendants. The Derivative Actions allege claims for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, waste of corporate assets, and violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), and seek to recover damages on behalf of the Company. On February 1, 2022, the court entered an order consolidating the two California Derivative Actions and staying them until all motions to dismiss in the Kang Securities Action are resolved. On June 29, 2023, following the final dismissal of the Kang Securities Action, the Court ordered a stipulation dismissing the California Derivative Actions, without prejudice, and on July 7, 2023, the Court ordered a stipulation dismissing the Delaware Derivative Action, without prejudice. 
 
 On October 4, 2022, a putative securities class action captioned Defined Benefit Plan of the Mid-Jersey Trucking Industry and Teamsters Local 701 Pension and Annuity Fund v. PayPal Holdings, Inc., et al. , Case No. 22-cv-5864, was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey. On January 11, 2023, the Court appointed Caisse de d p t et placement du Qu bec as lead plaintiff and renamed the action In re PayPal Holdings, Inc. Securities Litigation PPH Securities Action ). On March 13, 2023, the lead plaintiff filed an amended and consolidated complaint. The PPH Securities Action asserts claims relating to our public statements with respect to net new active accounts NNA results and guidance, and the detection of illegitimately created accounts. The PPH Securities Action purports to be brought on behalf of purchasers of the Company s stock between February 3, 2021 and February 1, 2022 (the Class Period ), and asserts claims for alleged violations of Sections 10(b) of the Exchange Act against the Company, as well as its former Chief Executive Officer, former Chief Strategy, Growth and Data Officer, and former Chief Financial Officer (collectively, the Individual Defendants, and together with the Company, Defendants ), and for alleged violations of Sections 20(a) and 20A of the Exchange Act against the Individual Defendants. The complaint alleges that certain public statements made by the Defendants during the Class Period were rendered materially false and misleading (which, allegedly, caused the Company s stock to trade at artificially inflated prices) by the Defendants failure to disclose that, among other things, the Company s incentive campaigns were susceptible to fraud and led to the creation of illegitimate accounts, which allegedly affected the Company s NNA results and guidance. The PPH Securities Action seeks unspecified compensatory damages on behalf of the putative class members. Defendants have filed a motion to dismiss the PPH Securities Action, which is fully briefed and pending before the court. 
 
 On November 2, 2022, a putative shareholder derivative action captioned Shah v. Daniel Schulman, et al. , Case No. 22-cv-1445, was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware (the Shah Action ), purportedly on behalf of the Company. On April 4, 2023, a putative shareholder derivative action captioned Nelson v. Daniel Schulman, et. al. , Case No. 23-cv-01913, was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey (the Nelson Action purportedly on behalf of the Company. The Shah and Nelson Actions are based on the same alleged facts and circumstances as the PPH Securities Action, and name certain of our officers, including our former Chief Executive Officer and former Chief Financial Officer, and members of our Board of Directors, as defendants. The Shah and Nelson Actions allege claims for breach of fiduciary duty, aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, waste of corporate assets, gross mismanagement and violations of the Exchange Act, and seek to recover damages on behalf of the Company. The Shah and Nelson Actions have been stayed pending further developments in the PPH Securities Action. 
 
 On December 20, 2022, a civil lawsuit captioned State of Hawai i, by its Office of Consumer Protection, v. PayPal, Inc., and PayPal Holdings, Inc. , Case No. 1CCV-22-0001610, was filed in the Circuit Court of the First Circuit of the State of Hawai i (the Hawai i Action ). The Hawai i Action asserts claims for unfair and deceptive acts and practices under Hawai i Revised Statutes Sections 480-2(a) and 481A-3(a). Plaintiff seeks injunctive relief as well as unspecified penalties and other monetary relief. On July 14, 2023, the court denied Defendants motion to dismiss the complaint. Trial is scheduled to begin in April 2025. 

111 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

112 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 billion. The terms of the indemnification align to the maturities of the loans sold. 
 
 To date, no significant costs have been incurred, either individually or collectively, in connection with our indemnification provisions. 
 
 OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. 
 
 PROTECTION PROGRAMS 
 
 We provide merchants and consumers with protection programs for certain transactions completed on our payments platform. These programs are intended to protect both merchants and consumers from loss primarily due to fraud and counterparty performance. Our Purchase Protection Program provides protection to consumers for qualifying purchases by reimbursing the consumer for the full amount of the purchase if a purchased item does not arrive or does not match the seller s description. Our Seller Protection Programs provide protection to merchants against claims that a transaction was not authorized by the buyer or claims that an item was not received by covering the seller for the full amount of the payment on eligible sales. These protection programs are considered assurance-type warranties under applicable accounting standards for which we estimate and record associated costs in transaction and credit losses during the period the payment transaction is completed. 
 
 At December 31, 2023 and 2022, the allowance for transaction losses was million and million, respectively. The allowance for negative customer balances was million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Provision Realized losses ) ) Recoveries Ending balance 

113 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 14 
 
 billion of our common stock, with no expiration from the date of authorization. In June 2022, our Board of Directors authorized an additional stock repurchase program that provides for the repurchase of up to billion of our common stock, with no expiration from the date of authorization. This program became effective in the first quarter of 2023 upon completion of the July 2018 stock repurchase program. Our stock repurchase programs are intended to offset the impact of dilution from our equity compensation programs and, subject to market conditions and other factors, may also be used to make opportunistic repurchases of our common stock to reduce outstanding share count. Any share repurchases under our stock repurchase programs may be made through open market transactions, block trades, privately negotiated transactions, including accelerated share repurchase agreements, or other means at times and in such amounts as management deems appropriate and will be funded from our working capital or other financing alternatives. Moreover, any stock repurchases are subject to market conditions and other uncertainties, and we cannot predict if or when any stock repurchases will be made. We may terminate our stock repurchase programs at any time without prior notice. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we repurchased approximately million shares of our common stock for approximately billion at an average cost of . These shares were purchased in the open market under our stock repurchase programs authorized in July 2018 and June 2022. As of December 31, 2023, a total of approximately billion remained available for future repurchases of our common stock under our June 2022 stock repurchase program. 
 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 imposed a nondeductible 1 excise tax on the net value of certain stock repurchases made after December 31, 2022. Beginning in the first quarter of 2023, we have reflected the applicable excise tax in treasury stock on our consolidated balance sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we recorded million in excise tax within treasury stock on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased approximately million shares of our common stock for approximately billion at an average cost of . These shares were purchased in the open market under our stock repurchase program authorized in July 2018. As of December 31, 2022, a total of approximately million and billion remained available for future repurchases of our common stock under our July 2018 and June 2022 stock repurchase programs, respectively. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we repurchased approximately million shares of our common stock for approximately billion at an average cost of . These shares were purchased in the open market under our stock repurchase program authorized in July 2018. As of December 31, 2021, a total of approximately billion remained available for future repurchases of our common stock under our July 2018 stock repurchase program. 
 
 Shares of common stock repurchased for the periods presented were recorded as treasury stock for the purposes of calculating net income (loss) per share and were accounted for under the cost method. repurchased shares of common stock have been retired. 

NOTE 15 
 
 million shares to the Plan, and in June 2023, the Company filed a post-effective amendment to the registration statement for the PayPal Holdings, Inc. 2022 Inducement Plan Inducement Plan ), which enabled million shares previously issuable under the Inducement Plan to be included in the million additional shares issuable under the Plan. At December 31, 2023, approximately million shares were authorized under the Plan and approximately million shares were available for future grant, and shares were available for future grant under the Inducement Plan. Shares issued as a result of stock option exercises and the release of stock awards were funded primarily with the issuance of new shares of common stock. 

114 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 . RSUs issued on or after January 1, 2022 generally vest over at a rate of after , then in equal quarterly installments thereafter. RSUs are subject to an employee s continuing service to us, and do not have an expiration date. The cost of RSUs granted is determined using the fair market value of PayPal s common stock on the date of grant. 
 
 Certain of our executives and non-executives are eligible to receive PBRSUs, which are equity awards that may be earned based on an initial target number. The final number of PBRSUs may vest and settle depending on the Company s performance against pre-established performance metrics over a predefined performance period. PBRSUs granted under the Plan generally have one to performance periods with cliff vesting following the completion of the performance period, subject to the Compensation Committee s approval of the level of achievement against the pre-established performance targets. Over the performance period, the number of PBRSUs that may be issued and related stock-based compensation expense that is recognized is adjusted upward or downward based upon the probability of achieving the approved performance targets against the performance metrics. Depending on the probability of achieving the pre-established performance targets, the number of PBRSUs issued could range from to of the target amount. 
 
 All stock options under the Plan were assumed in connection with acquisitions on the same terms and conditions (including vesting) applicable to such acquired companies equity awards. The cost of stock options was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 
 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN 
 
 Under the terms of the Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ), shares of our common stock may be purchased over an offering period with a maximum duration of at of the lower of the fair market value on the first day of the applicable offering period or on the last business day of each purchase period within the offering period. Employees may contribute between and of their gross compensation during an offering period to purchase shares, but not more than the statutory limitation of 25,000 per year. All company stock purchased through the ESPP is considered outstanding and is included in the weighted-average outstanding shares for purposes of computing basic and diluted net income (loss) per share. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, our employees purchased million, million, and million shares under the ESPP at an average per share price of , , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2023, approximately million shares were reserved for future issuance under the ESPP. 
 
 RSU, PBRSU, AND RESTRICTED STOCK ACTIVITY 
 
 Awarded and assumed (1) 
 Vested (1) 
 ) Forfeited/cancelled 
 ) Outstanding at December 31, 2023 Expected to vest 
 (1) Includes approximately million of additional PBRSUs issued during 2023 due to the achievement of company performance metrics on awards granted in previous years. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs and PBRSUs vested under the Plan was million, million, and billion, respectively. 

115 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million PBRSUs with a performance period (fiscal 2023), which which will become fully vested following the completion of the performance period in February 2024 from the annual incentive award cycle grant date), and million PBRSUs with a performance period. 
 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted million PBRSUs with a performance period (fiscal 2022), of which million were subsequently cancelled due to the change in method of payout of the Company portion of our Annual Incentive Plan from equity to cash for certain employees. As such, million PBRSUs became fully vested following the completion of the performance period in February 2023 from the annual incentive award cycle grant date). In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company also granted million PBRSUs with a performance period. 
 
 STOCK OPTION ACTIVITY 
 Assumed Exercised ) Forfeited/expired/cancelled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2023 Expected to vest Options exercisable 
 
 options were granted or assumed during the year ended December 31, 2023. The weighted average grant date fair value of options assumed from acquisitions during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value was calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying options and the quoted price of our common stock at December 31, 2023. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised under the Plan was million, million, and million, respectively, determined as of the date of option exercise. At December 31, 2023, substantially all outstanding options were in-the-money. 
 
 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE 
 Stock-based compensation expense for the Plan and the Inducement Plan is measured based on estimated fair value at the time of grant, and recognized over the award s vesting period. 
 
 Sales and marketing Technology and development General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense Capitalized as part of internal use software and website development costs Income tax benefit on total stock-based compensation expense 
 Income tax benefit realized related to awards vested or exercised 

116 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 billion of unearned stock-based compensation that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. If there are any modifications or cancellations of the underlying unvested awards, we may be required to accelerate, increase, or cancel all or a portion of the remaining unearned stock-based compensation expense. Future unearned stock-based compensation will increase to the extent we grant additional equity awards, change the mix of equity awards we grant, or assume unvested equity awards in connection with acquisitions. 
 
 EMPLOYEE SAVINGS PLANS 
 
 Under the terms of the PayPal Holdings, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, which also qualifies under Section 401(k) of the Code, participating U.S. employees may contribute up to of their eligible compensation, but not more than statutory limits. Under the PayPal plan, eligible employees received one dollar for each dollar contributed, up to of each employee s eligible salary, subject to a maximum employer contribution per employee of in 2023, in 2022, and in 2021. Our non-U.S. employees are covered by other savings plans. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the matching contribution expense for our U.S. and international savings plans was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. 

NOTE 16 
 
 ) International Income before income taxes 
 State and local Foreign Total current portion of income tax expense Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State and local ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred portion of income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) 

117 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Domestic income taxed at different rates ) ) ) State taxes, net of federal benefit Foreign income taxed at different rates ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense ) Tax credits ) ) ) Change in valuation allowances Intra-group transfer of intellectual property Other Effective income tax rate ) 
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. 
 Accruals and allowances 
 Lease liabilities Stock-based compensation Net unrealized losses Safeguarded crypto liabilities 
 Capitalized research and development 
 Other items 
 Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: ROU lease assets ) ) Capitalized software development costs 
 ) ) Net unrealized gains ) ) Safeguarded crypto assets 
 ) ) Other items 
 ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, our foreign net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately million and certain of these amounts are subject to an annual limitation. If not utilized, a portion of these losses will begin to expire in 2024. As of December 31, 2023, our California research and development tax credit carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately million, which may be carried forward indefinitely. It is more likely than not that most of these net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards will not be realized; therefore we have recorded a valuation allowance against them. 
 
 Repatriation of our foreign earnings for use in the United States is generally not expected to result in a significant amount of income taxes; as a result, the corresponding deferred tax liability we have accrued is not material. 

118 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million, million, and million in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The benefit of this agreement on our net income (loss) per share (diluted) was approximately , , and in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Increases related to prior period tax positions Decreases related to prior period tax positions ) ) ) Increases related to current period tax positions Settlements ) ) Statute of limitation expirations ) ) ) Gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits as of the end of the period 
 If the remaining balance of unrecognized tax benefits were realized in a future period, it would result in a tax benefit of billion. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we recognized net interest and penalties of million, million, and million, respectively, related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. This expense is reflected in the Other line of our effective income tax rate schedule. The amount of interest and penalties accrued as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 was approximately million and million, respectively. 
 
 We are subject to taxation in the U.S. and various state and foreign jurisdictions. We are currently under examination by certain tax authorities for the 2010 to 2022 tax years. The material jurisdictions in which we are subject to examination by tax authorities for tax years after 2009 primarily include the U.S. (Federal and California), Germany, India, Israel, and Singapore. We believe that adequate amounts have been reserved for any adjustments that may ultimately result from our open examinations. 
 
 Due to various factors, including uncertainties of the judicial, administrative, and regulatory processes in certain jurisdictions, the timing of the resolution of these audits is highly uncertain. It is reasonably possible that within the next twelve months, we will receive additional tax adjustments by various tax authorities or possibly reach resolution of these audits in one or more jurisdictions. These adjustments or settlements could result in changes to our contingencies related to positions on prior year tax filings. Given the number of years remaining subject to examination and the number of matters being examined, we are unable to estimate the full range of possible adjustments to the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 In connection with our separation from eBay in 2015, we entered into various agreements that govern the relationship between the parties going forward, including a tax matters agreement. Under the tax matters agreement, eBay is generally responsible for all additional taxes (and will be entitled to all related refunds of taxes) imposed on eBay and its subsidiaries (including subsidiaries that were transferred to PayPal pursuant to the separation) arising after the separation date with respect to the taxable periods (or portions thereof) ended on or prior to July 17, 2015, except for those taxes for which PayPal has reflected an unrecognized tax benefit in its financial statements on the separation date. 

119 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 17 
 
 million. We primarily incurred employee severance and benefits costs, which were substantially completed by the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 
 Charges Payments ) Accrued liability as of December 31, 2023 

During the first quarter of 2022, management initiated a strategic reduction of the existing global workforce intended to streamline and optimize our global operations to enhance operating efficiency. This effort focused on reducing redundant operations and simplifying our organizational structure. The associated restructuring charges in 2022 were million. We primarily incurred employee severance and benefits costs, as well as associated consulting costs under this strategic reduction. The strategic actions associated with this plan were substantially completed by the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2020, management approved a strategic reduction of the existing global workforce as part of a multiphase process to reorganize our workforce concurrently with the redesign of our operating structure, which spanned multiple quarters. The associated restructuring charges in 2021 were million. We primarily incurred employee severance and benefits costs, as well as associated consulting costs under the 2020 strategic reduction, which was substantially completed in 2021. 
 
 OTHER 
 
 We continue to review our real estate and facility capacity requirements due to our new and evolving work models. We incurred asset impairment charges of million, million, and million in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, due to exiting of certain leased properties which resulted in a reduction of ROU lease assets and related leasehold improvements. See Note 6 Leases for additional information. In the year ended December 31, 2023, we recognized a gain of million due to the sale of an owned property. We also incurred a loss of million related to another owned property, which was previously held for sale in the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, approximately million of losses were recorded in restructuring and other, which included net loss on sale of loans and interest receivable previously held for sale (inclusive of transaction costs) and fair value adjustments in order to measure loans and interest receivable, held for sale, at the lower of cost or fair value. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2023, we completed the sale of Happy Returns and recorded a pre-tax gain of million, net of transaction costs, in restructuring and other. For additional information on the divestiture, see Note 4 Business Combinations and Divestitures . 

120 

Table of Contents 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 18 
 
 of our employees and result in approximately million of restructuring charges, primarily related to employee severance and benefits costs. The actions associated with this plan are expected to be substantially completed by the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 In addition to this workforce reduction, as a part of this overall strategy, we have also committed to reassess our previous hiring plans with a focus on identifying additional efficiency opportunities, such as the deployment of more automation. This additional commitment to rationalize growth in employee headcount may not directly result in restructuring charges. 

121 

Table of Contents 

) Year Ended December 31, 2022 ) Year Ended December 31, 2023 ) Allowance for Loans and Interest Receivable Year Ended December 31, 2021 ) ) Year Ended December 31, 2022 ) Year Ended December 31, 2023 ) 

122 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 

INDEX OF EXHIBITS 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Filed with this Form 10-K Form Date Filed 2.01 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement by and between eBay Inc. and PayPal Holdings, Inc. 10-12B/A 6/26/2015 3.01 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. Restated Certificate of Incorporation 10-Q 7/27/2017 3.02 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated Bylaws effective September 27, 2023 
 8-K 10/2/2023 4.01 
 Description of Securities 10-K 2/6/2020 4.02 
 Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2019, by and between PayPal Holdings, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 8-K 9/26/2019 4.03 
 Officer s Certificate, dated as of September 26, 2019, pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2019, by and between PayPal Holdings, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 8-K 9/26/2019 4.04 
 Form of 2022 Note (included in Exhibit 4.03) 8-K 9/26/2019 4.05 
 Form of 2024 Note (included in Exhibit 4.03) 8-K 9/26/2019 4.06 
 Form of 2026 Note (included in Exhibit 4.03) 8-K 9/26/2019 4.07 
 Form of 2029 Note (included in Exhibit 4.03) 8-K 9/26/2019 4.08 
 Officer s Certificate, dated as of May 18, 2020, pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2019, by and between PayPal Holdings, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 8-K 5/18/2020 4.0 9 
 Form of 2025 Note (included in Exhibit 4.08) 8-K 5/18/2020 4.10 
 Form of 2030 Note (included in Exhibit 4.08) 8-K 5/18/2020 4.11 
 Form of 2050 Note (included in Exhibit 4.08) 8-K 5/18/2020 4.12 
 Officer s Certificate, dated as of May 23, 2022, pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2019, by and between PayPal Holdings, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 8-K 5/23/2022 4.1 3 
 Form of 2027 Note (included in Exhibit 4.2) 8-K 5/23/2022 4.14 
 Form of 2032 Note (included in Exhibit 4.2) 8-K 5/23/2022 4.15 
 Form of 2052 Note (included in Exhibit 4.2) 8-K 5/23/2022 4.16 
 Form of 2062 Note (included in Exhibit 4.2) 8-K 5/23/2022 4.17 
 Officer's Certificate pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2023 
 8-K 
 6/9/2023 4.18 
 Form of Note for 0.813 Notes due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.17) 8-K 
 6/9/2023 4.19 
 Form of Note for 0.972 Notes due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.18) 
 8-K 
 6/9/2023 4.2 0 
 Form of Note for 1.240 Notes due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.18) 
 8-K 
 6/9/2023 10.01 
 Tax Matters Agreement by and between eBay Inc. and PayPal Holdings, Inc. dated July 17, 2015 8-K 7/20/2015 10.0 2 + 
 PayPal Employee Incentive Plan, as amended and restated DEF 14A 4/14/2016 10.0 3 + 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Award Plan 8-K 5/31/2023 10.0 4 + 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan effective November 6, 2018 10-K 2/7/2019 

123 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Filed with this Form 10-K Form Date Filed 10.0 5 + 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan, as amended and restated, effective as of September 27, 2021 
 10-Q 11/9/2021 10.0 6 + 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement between PayPal Holdings, Inc. and individual directors and officers 10-12B/A 5/14/2015 10.0 7 + 
 Form of Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the PayPal Holdings, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Award Plan 10-12B/A 5/14/2015 10. 08 + 
 Form of Global Performance Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Performance Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the PayPal Holdings, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Award Plan, as amended and restated 10-Q 4/27/2017 10. 09 + 
 Form of Global Notice of Grant of Stock Option and Stock Option Agreement under the PayPal Holdings, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Award Plan 10-12B/A 5/14/2015 10.1 0 + 
 Form of Director Annual Award Agreement under the PayPal Holdings, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Award Plan 10-12B/A 5/14/2015 10.1 1 + 
 Form of Electing Director Quarterly Award Agreement under the PayPal Holdings, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Award Plan 10-12B/A 5/14/2015 10.1 2 + 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan 8-K 5/25/2018 10.1 3 + 
 Amendment to PayPal Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 10-Q 11/9/2021 10.1 4 + 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 2022 Inducement Plan 10-Q 8/2/2022 10.1 5 + 
 Offer Letter dated September 29, 2014 between eBay Inc. and Daniel Schulman 10-12B/A 5/14/2015 10.1 6 + 
 Amendment dated December 31, 2014 to Offer Letter between eBay Inc. and Daniel Schulman 10-12B/A 5/14/2015 10. 17 + 
 Letter dated April 13, 2015 from eBay Inc. to Jonathan Auerbach 10-K 2/11/2016 10. 18 + 
 Letter Agreement, dated April 17, 2016, between Aaron Karczmer and PayPal Holdings, Inc. 10-Q 4/27/2017 10. 19 + 
 Letter Agreement effective July 13, 2022, between Blake Jorgensen and PayPal Holdings, Inc. 10-Q 8/2/2022 10.2 0 + 
 Letter Agreement dated June 15, 2022 between Gabrielle Rabinovitch and PayPal Holdings, Inc. 8-K 6/17/2022 10.2 1 + 
 Letter Agreement dated September 27, 2022 between Gabrielle Rabinovitch and PayPal Holdings, Inc. 8-K 10/3/2022 10.2 2 + 
 Letter Agreement dated September 1, 2022 between John Kim and PayPal Holdings, Inc. 10-Q 11/3/2022 10.23+ 
 Letter Agreement by and between PayPal Holdings, Inc. and Alex Chriss, dated August 10, 2023 
 8-K 
 8/14/2023 10.24+ 
 Offer Letter, dated October 29, 2023, by and between PayPal Holdings, Inc. and Jamie Miller 
 8-K 
 11/1/2023 10.25+ 
 Transition Agreement by and between PayPal, Inc. and Gabrielle Rabinovitch, dated December 21, 2023 
 8-K 
 12/22/2023 10.27 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2023, among PayPal Holdings, Inc. the Designated Borrowers party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and J.P. Morgan Securities Australia Limited, as the Administrative Agents 8-K 
 6/13/2023 

124 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Filed with this Form 10-K Form Date Filed 10.28 
 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2023 in the form as amended and restated as of October 13, 2023 by and between PayPal (Europe) S. r.l. et Cie, SCA (as Seller and Receivables Manager), Alps Partners S. r.l. (as Purchaser), BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services limited (as Security Agent), Avega S. r.l. (as Back-Up Receivables Manager Facilitator) and Alps Partners (Holding) S. r.l. (as Class C Lender) 
 10-Q 11/2/2023 10.2 9 
 Receivables Management Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2023 in the form as amended and restated as of October 13, 2023 by and between PayPal (Europe) S. r.l. et Cie, SCA (as Seller and Receivables Manager), Alps Partners S. r.l. (as Purchaser), Avega S. r.l. (as Back-Up Receivables Manager Facilitator) and Alps Partners (Holding) S. r.l. (as Class C Lender) 10-Q 11/2/2023 10.30+ 
 Offer Letter, dated October 23, 2023, by and between PayPal Holdings, Inc. and Michelle Gill 
 X 
 10.31+ 
 Offer Letter, dated October 23, 2023, by and between PayPal Holdings, Inc. and Diego Scotti 
 X 
 10.32+ 
 Offer Letter, dated December 4, 2023, by and between PayPal Holdings, Inc. and Suzan Kereere 
 X 
 10.33+ 
 Independent Director Compensation Policy X 
 21.01 
 List of Subsidiaries X 22.01 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP consent X 23.01 
 Power of Attorney (see signature page) X 31.01 
 Certification of PayPal Holdings, Inc. s Chief Executive Officer, as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 31.02 
 Certification of PayPal Holdings, Inc. s Chief Financial Officer, as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.01 
 Certification of PayPal Holdings, Inc. s Chief Executive Officer, as required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.02 
 Certification of PayPal Holdings, Inc. s Chief Financial Officer, as required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 97.1 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. Mandatory Recovery Policy for Executive Officers 
 X 
 101 The following financial information related to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss), (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) the related Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 X 
 + Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S K. 
 Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 

125 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 7, 2024. 
 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. By: /s/ Alex Chriss 
 Name: Title: Alex Chriss 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Table of Contents 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Alex Chriss, Jamie Miller, Bimal Patel, Brian Y. Yamasaki and Hasitha Verma, and each or any one of them, each with the power of substitution, his or her attorney-in-fact, to sign any amendments to this report, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 7, 2024. 
 Principal Executive Officer: Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer: 
 By: /s/ Alex Chriss 
 By: /s/ Jamie Miller 
 Alex Chriss 
 Jamie Miller 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Additional Directors 
 By: /s/ Rodney C. Adkins By: /s/ Jonathan Christodoro Rodney C. Adkins Jonathan Christodoro Director Director By: /s/ John J. Donahoe By: /s/ David W. Dorman John J. Donahoe David W. Dorman Director Director By: /s/ Belinda Johnson By: /s/ Enrique Lores Belinda Johnson Enrique Lores Director Director By: /s/ Gail J. McGovern By: /s/ Deborah M. Messemer Gail J. McGovern Deborah M. Messemer Director Director By: /s/ David M. Moffett By: /s/ Ann M. Sarnoff David M. Moffett Ann M. Sarnoff Director Director By: /s/ Frank D. Yeary Frank D. Yeary Director 

<EX-10.30>
 2
 mgillofferletter_final.htm
 EX-10.30

Document 

October 23, 2023 
 
 Michelle Gill 
 
 Dear Michelle, 
 
 We have enjoyed getting to know you better and understanding how your experience, expertise and leadership approach aligns with helping PayPal Holdings, Inc. PayPal Holdings and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, PayPal on our mission to democratize financial services and improve the financial health of individuals, families, businesses and communities around the world. We are excited at the prospect of you joining as a leader at PayPal, and we are pleased to offer you, on the terms set forth in this offer letter (this Letter ), the full-time, exempt position of Executive Vice President, Small Business General Manager, currently reporting to PayPal's President and Chief Executive Officer (the Chief Executive Officer ). 
 
 Through this Letter, I will present the specifics of your job offer and compensation package, including legal terms and conditions. As discussed, this compensation package is subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of PayPal Holdings (the Compensation Committee ). Please review this Letter and sign where noted, via DocuSign. Should you have any questions, please reach out to Bimal Patel (bimal paypal.com). 
 
 Your Compensation Package 
 
 Salary and Bonuses 
 
 At PayPal, we pride ourselves on offering a competitive total rewards package. Your annual base salary will be 750,000 (paid bi-weekly at approximately 28,846 per pay period, less applicable deductions and tax withholdings). 
 
 You will be eligible to participate in the PayPal Annual Incentive Plan for a specified fiscal year AIP ), subject to the terms and conditions of the AIP for each fiscal year as determined by the Compensation Committee. AIP is an annual bonus that is calculated based on your individual achievement as well as company performance for the year. The AIP performance period is from January 1 through December 31. Your target bonus for the AIP is 125 of your annual base salary, generally pro-rated based on your start date with a PayPal company start date and days of service in an AIP-eligible position during the AIP performance period. There is no guarantee any AIP bonus will be awarded or received, and any actual bonus will be determined after the end of the AIP performance period. Any AIP bonus, even if it is made repeatedly or regularly and whatever its amount, can never lead to a vested right for you, the employee. 
 
 To be eligible to receive any AIP bonus, you must be employed before October 1st of the applicable AIP performance period, and you must remain employed on the date the bonus is paid, subject to applicable laws. If your start date commences on or after October 1st, your eligibility to participate in the AIP will begin on January 1st of the following calendar year. Therefore, the first year that you may be eligible to participate in the AIP is 2024 and you will not be eligible to receive any AIP bonus based on the 2023 performance period. Any bonus is at PayPal s sole and absolute discretion and subject to the terms and conditions of the AIP. PayPal reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to amend, change or cancel the AIP at any time. Further, the bonus plan that you are eligible to participate in may change over time. You acknowledge and agree that PayPal may substitute the plan referenced in this Letter and any contract of employment or any offer documentation, as it determines in its sole discretion from time to time. 
 
 In addition, PayPal is also offering you the following 
 A one-time sign on bonus of 2,000,000 (less applicable deductions and tax withholdings) (the Sign On Bonus ). The Sign On Bonus will be paid in two installments 1,000,000 will be payable within the first two pay periods following your start date and 1,000,000 will be payable within two pay periods following the six month anniversary of your start date. 
 
 The Sign On Bonus is subject to a couple conditions (1) you need to be employed with PayPal on the date of each payment, otherwise you will not earn or receive the Sign On Bonus, and (2) if you resign or 

PayPal terminates your employment for cause before the designated date(s) in the attached Repayment Agreement, the Sign On Bonus will not be earned, and is subject to repayment to PayPal. Details are in the attached Repayment Agreement. 
 
 As a PayPal executive, you will also be eligible to receive the initial equity grants summarized in the table below (the Initial Equity Grants ), subject to approval by the Compensation Committee. You will also be eligible to receive additional annual equity grants beginning in 2025, depending on your performance as assessed by the Chief Executive Officer and subject to approval by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 The grant date for the Initial Equity Grants that are RSUs (including the RSUs and the Sign-On Incentive RSUs) is expected to be on or around the 15th of the month following the month of your start date, while the grant date for the Initial Equity Grants that are PBRSUs is expected to be in early 2024. For the avoidance of doubt, you will not be eligible to receive any annual equity grants from PayPal in calendar years 2023 or 2024 aside from the Initial Equity Grants. 
 
 Equity grants are subject to applicable taxes and withholdings and are governed by the applicable award agreement and any other related documents. 
 
 Grant 
 Value 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Restricted Stock Units RSUs USD 6,250,000 
 The value of the RSUs will be converted into a number of PayPal shares based on an average PayPal stock closing price for the 30 trading days prior to the grant date of the RSUs (the Trailing Average ). Specifically, the Value set forth in this row of the table will be divided by the Trailing Average and rounded down to the nearest whole share to arrive at the number of RSUs. 
 
 One-third (1 3) of the RSUs subject to the award will vest on the first anniversary of the grant date, with one-twelfth (1 12) of the RSUs subject to the award vesting on each quarterly vest date thereafter, such that the RSUs shall be fully vested on the third anniversary of the grant date, conditioned in each case upon your continued employment with a PayPal company. 
 
 2 

Sign-On Incentive RSUs (the Sign-On Incentive RSUs USD 2,000,000 The value of the Sign-On Incentive RSUs will be converted into a number of PayPal shares based on the Trailing Average. Specifically, the Value set forth in this row of the table will be divided by the Trailing Average and rounded down to the nearest whole share to arrive at the number of Sign-On Incentive RSUs. 
 
 One-third (1 3) of the Sign-On Incentive RSUs subject to the award will vest on the first anniversary of the grant date, with one-twelfth (1 12) of the Sign-On Incentive RSUs subject to the award vesting on each quarterly vest date thereafter, such that the Sign-On Incentive RSUs shall be fully vested on the third anniversary of the grant date, conditioned in each case upon your continued employment with a PayPal company. 
 Performance-based Restricted Stock Units PBRSUs Target value of USD 6,250,000 
 The target value of the PBRSUs will be converted into a number of PayPal shares based on the Trailing Average. Specifically, the Value set forth in this row of the table will be divided by the Trailing Average and rounded down to the nearest whole share to arrive at the target number of PBRSUs. 
 
 Any PBRSUs earned based on PayPal Holdings performance over the three-year (2024-2026) performance period based on metrics and targets set by the Compensation Committee will vest and be settled in March of the year immediately following the performance period, conditioned upon your continued employment with a PayPal company. 

Please note The above is only a summary of the Initial Equity Grants and the Initial Equity Grants are subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee. You will be notified by E TRADE to set up your account and will be prompted to accept your grants online once they are approved and processed. 
 
 All employees are subject to PayPal s Insider Trading Agreement, which outlines the procedures and guidelines governing securities trades by company personnel. You will be provided with a copy of PayPal s Insider Trading Agreement. Please review the Insider Trading Agreement carefully and execute the online certification through our SilkRoad Onboarding Portal to submit it to PayPal s Human Resources team. 
 
 Benefits 
 
 You will also be eligible to receive benefits from PayPal. Please refer to the benefit plan documents for more details, including eligibility. Details about PayPal benefits, including the Employee Stock Purchase Program, 401(k), Sabbatical Program, and Tracking-Free Vacation, are available here https www.paypalbenefits.com us Let us know if you have questions about any of them. 
 
 Since you will be part of PayPal s executive team, you re also eligible to participate in the PayPal Holdings, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan 
 3 

The above is just an overview. For more details and plan limitations, please review the Summary Plan Descriptions, plan documents, program summaries or grant agreements. You ll see that we re serious about offering a generous benefits package, though PayPal reserves the right to make changes or cancel any benefits at any time, in PayPal s sole discretion. 
 
 Workplace 
 
 You will be required to meet the expectations for onsite work at a PayPal office as directed by the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 This offer is contingent upon the results of your background verification and reference checks, as PayPal deems appropriate, in its sole discretion. 
 
 Under federal immigration laws, PayPal is required to verify each new employee s identity and legal authority to work in the United States. Accordingly, please be prepared to furnish appropriate documents satisfying those requirements this offer of employment is conditioned on submission of satisfactory documentation. You will be provided with a list of the required documents. 
 
 Your employment at PayPal is at-will and either you or PayPal may terminate your employment at any time, with or without cause or advance notice. The at-will nature of the employment relationship can only be changed by a written agreement signed by the Chief Executive Officer or his authorized delegate. Your employment conditions, job responsibilities, compensation and benefits may be adjusted by PayPal from time to time in its sole discretion. 
 
 Although your employment with PayPal is at-will and either you or PayPal may terminate your employment at any time, with or without cause or advance notice, as a part of PayPal s executive team, you may be eligible for severance in certain circumstances pursuant and subject to the terms and conditions of any applicable severance program, policy or plan that PayPal may maintain from time to time. In particular, effective beginning on your start date, you will be eligible to participate in the PayPal Holdings, Inc. Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan as amended and restated effective as of September 27, 2021, as it may be amended or restated from time to time. PayPal reserves the right to make changes or cancel any program, policy, plan and benefit at any time, in PayPal s sole discretion. 
 
 By executing this Letter, you certify that you are not subject to any restrictive covenants or obligations that would prevent you from fully performing your duties for PayPal. 
 
 You acknowledge and agree that you will be subject to any PayPal compensation recovery, clawback or similar recoupment policy as currently in effect or as may be adopted by PayPal, in each case, as amended from time to time, including without limitation as it may be amended by PayPal to comply with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, to the extent that PayPal determines any such policy is applicable to you pursuant to its terms. 
 
 Kindly indicate your consent to this Letter by signing and returning a copy through DocuSign. In addition to this Letter, other important documents, including the Mutual Arbitration Agreement and the Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, outline additional terms and conditions of your employment. These documents will be provided to you for signature via our online candidate portal, SilkRoad. Please be sure to thoroughly review these documents prior to signing. These documents must be signed and returned prior to your start date. 
 
 Upon your signature below, this will become our binding agreement with respect to your employment and its terms, merging and superseding in their entirety all other or prior written or oral offers, agreements and communications. In accepting this offer and signing below, you acknowledge that you have not relied upon any statement, promise, agreement or representation not set forth in this Letter. 
 
 We respect the privacy of all employees and will comply with all applicable laws regarding processing of personal information. All such personal information is processed in accordance with the PayPal Employee Privacy Statement, a copy of which has been given to you in connection with this Letter. You acknowledge that you have reviewed and understand the Employee Privacy Statement. 
 
 4 

At PayPal, we are continuing to write the next chapter in transforming the world s digital economy. We believe the opportunities ahead of us are greater than ever, and we hope you will join us on the journey. 

s Alex Chriss 
 
 Alex Chriss 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

ACCEPTED 

s Michelle Gill 
 
 Michelle Gill 

10 24 2023 
 
 Date 

Signature Page to Letter 

2,000,000 Sign On Bonus Repayment Agreement 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the offer letter to which this Repayment Agreement is attached. 
 
 If you resign from PayPal or PayPal terminates your employment with PayPal for cause (or notice is provided related to such resignation or termination for cause) 
 
 First Payment 
 On or prior to the first anniversary of the payment date of the first installment (the First Payment of the Sign On Bonus, you must pay to PayPal an amount equal to 100 of the First Payment. 
 After the first anniversary of the payment date of the First Payment and on or prior to the second anniversary of the payment date of the First Payment, you must pay to PayPal an amount equal to the First Payment, provided that your repayment obligation for the First Payment will be reduced by 1 24th for every full month of your active employment with PayPal following your start date. 
 
 Second Payment 
 On or prior to the first anniversary of the payment date of the second installment (the Second Payment of the Sign On Bonus, you must pay to PayPal an amount equal to 100 of the Second Payment. 
 
 Solely to the extent any payments you make to PayPal under this Repayment Agreement occur in the same tax year as the tax year you received the First Payment, Second Payment, or both, as applicable (the Underlying Payment ), any repayment you owe PayPal of such Underlying Payment shall be net of actual and reasonably expected state, federal, local income and employment taxes incurred by you with respect to the Underlying Payment for the tax year in which the Underlying Payment is paid, as determined by PayPal in good faith. If any repayment you owe under this Repayment Agreement occurs in a different tax year than the tax year in which the Underlying Payment was made to you, your repayment obligation shall be with respect to the gross amount of the Underlying Payment. 
 
 For purposes hereof, cause shall mean any of the following, as determined by PayPal (i) your failure to attempt in good faith to substantially perform your assigned duties, other than failure resulting from your death or complete incapacity due to physical or mental illness or impairment (ii) an act by you that constitutes willful misconduct and that injures PayPal or any of its affiliates (collectively, the PayPal Companies (iii) a material violation by you of any law or regulation relating to the business of any of the PayPal Companies or (iv) a breach by you of your fiduciary duty to any of the PayPal Companies, except good faith expense account disputes. 

ACCEPTED 

s Michelle Gill 
 
 Michelle Gill 

Date 10 24 2023 
 Repayment Agreement 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-10.31>
 3
 dscottiofferletter_final.htm
 EX-10.31

Document 

October 23, 2023 
 
 Diego Scotti 
 
 Dear Diego, 
 
 We have enjoyed getting to know you better and understanding how your experience, expertise and leadership approach aligns with helping PayPal Holdings, Inc. PayPal Holdings and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, PayPal on our mission to democratize financial services and improve the financial health of individuals, families, businesses and communities around the world. We are excited at the prospect of you joining as a leader at PayPal, and we are pleased to offer you, on the terms set forth in this offer letter (this Letter ), the full-time, exempt position of Executive Vice President & General Manager, Global Consumer and Marketing, currently reporting to PayPal's President and Chief Executive Officer (the Chief Executive Officer ). 
 
 Through this Letter, I will present the specifics of your job offer and compensation package, including legal terms and conditions. As discussed, this compensation package is subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of PayPal Holdings (the Compensation Committee ). Please review this Letter and sign where noted, via DocuSign. Should you have any questions, please reach out to Bimal Patel (bimal paypal.com). 
 
 Your Compensation Package 
 
 Salary and Bonuses 
 
 At PayPal, we pride ourselves on offering a competitive total rewards package. Your annual base salary will be 750,000 (paid bi-weekly at approximately 28,846 per pay period, less applicable deductions and tax withholdings). 
 
 You will be eligible to participate in the PayPal Annual Incentive Plan for a specified fiscal year AIP ), subject to the terms and conditions of the AIP for each fiscal year as determined by the Compensation Committee. AIP is an annual bonus that is calculated based on your individual achievement as well as company performance for the year. The AIP performance period is from January 1 through December 31. Your target bonus for the AIP is 125 of your annual base salary, generally pro-rated based on your start date with a PayPal company start date and days of service in an AIP-eligible position during the AIP performance period. There is no guarantee any AIP bonus will be awarded or received, and any actual bonus will be determined after the end of the AIP performance period. Any AIP bonus, even if it is made repeatedly or regularly and whatever its amount, can never lead to a vested right for you, the employee. 
 
 To be eligible to receive any AIP bonus, you must be employed before October 1st of the applicable AIP performance period, and you must remain employed on the date the bonus is paid, subject to applicable laws. If your start date commences on or after October 1st, your eligibility to participate in the AIP will begin on January 1st of the following calendar year. Therefore, the first year that you may be eligible to participate in the AIP is 2024 and you will not be eligible to receive any AIP bonus based on the 2023 performance period. Any bonus is at PayPal s sole and absolute discretion and subject to the terms and conditions of the AIP. PayPal reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to amend, change or cancel the AIP at any time. Further, the bonus plan that you are eligible to participate in may change over time. You acknowledge and agree that PayPal may substitute the plan referenced in this Letter and any contract of employment or any offer documentation, as it determines in its sole discretion from time to time. 
 
 In addition, PayPal is also offering you the following 
 A one-time sign on bonus of 2,000,000 (less applicable deductions and tax withholdings) (the Sign On Bonus ). The Sign On Bonus will be paid in two installments 1,000,000 will be payable within the first two pay periods following your start date and 1,000,000 will be payable within two pay periods following the six month anniversary of your start date. 

The Sign On Bonus is subject to a couple conditions (1) you need to be employed with PayPal on the date of each payment, otherwise you will not earn or receive the Sign On Bonus, and (2) if you resign or PayPal terminates your employment for cause before the designated date(s) in the attached Repayment Agreement, the Sign On Bonus will not be earned, and is subject to repayment to PayPal. Details are in the attached Repayment Agreement. 
 
 As a PayPal executive, you will also be eligible to receive the initial equity grants summarized in the table below (the Initial Equity Grants ), subject to approval by the Compensation Committee. You will also be eligible to receive additional annual equity grants beginning in 2025, depending on your performance as assessed by the Chief Executive Officer and subject to approval by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 The grant date for the Initial Equity Grants that are RSUs is expected to be on or around the 15th of the month following the month of your start date, while the grant date for the Initial Equity Grants that are PBRSUs is expected to be in early 2024. For the avoidance of doubt, you will not be eligible to receive any annual equity grants from PayPal in calendar years 2023 or 2024 aside from the Initial Equity Grants. 
 
 Equity grants are subject to applicable taxes and withholdings and are governed by the applicable award agreement and any other related documents. 
 
 2 

Grant 
 Value 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Restricted Stock Units RSUs USD 6,250,000 
 The value of the RSUs will be converted into a number of PayPal shares based on an average PayPal stock closing price for the 30 trading days prior to the grant date of the RSUs (the Trailing Average ). Specifically, the Value set forth in this row of the table will be divided by the Trailing Average and rounded down to the nearest whole share to arrive at the number of RSUs. 
 
 One-third (1 3) of the RSUs subject to the award will vest on the first anniversary of the grant date, with one-twelfth (1 12) of the RSUs subject to the award vesting on each quarterly vest date thereafter, such that the RSUs shall be fully vested on the third anniversary of the grant date, conditioned in each case upon your continued employment with a PayPal company. 
 Performance-based Restricted Stock Units PBRSUs Target value of USD 6,250,000 
 The target value of the PBRSUs will be converted into a number of PayPal shares based on the Trailing Average. Specifically, the Value set forth in this row of the table will be divided by the Trailing Average and rounded down to the nearest whole share to arrive at the target number of PBRSUs. 
 
 Any PBRSUs earned based on PayPal Holdings performance over the three-year (2024-2026) performance period based on metrics and targets set by the Compensation Committee will vest and be settled in March of the year immediately following the performance period, conditioned upon your continued employment with a PayPal company. 

Please note The above is only a summary of the Initial Equity Grants and the Initial Equity Grants are subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee. You will be notified by E TRADE to set up your account and will be prompted to accept your grants online once they are approved and processed. 
 
 All employees are subject to PayPal s Insider Trading Agreement, which outlines the procedures and guidelines governing securities trades by company personnel. You will be provided with a copy of PayPal s Insider Trading Agreement. Please review the Insider Trading Agreement carefully and execute the online certification through our SilkRoad Onboarding Portal to submit it to PayPal s Human Resources team. 
 
 Benefits 
 
 You will also be eligible to receive benefits from PayPal. Please refer to the benefit plan documents for more details, including eligibility. Details about PayPal benefits, including the Employee Stock Purchase Program, 
 3 

401(k), Sabbatical Program, and Tracking-Free Vacation, are available here https www.paypalbenefits.com us Let us know if you have questions about any of them. 
 
 Since you will be part of PayPal s executive team, you re also eligible to participate in the PayPal Holdings, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 The above is just an overview. For more details and plan limitations, please review the Summary Plan Descriptions, plan documents, program summaries or grant agreements. You ll see that we re serious about offering a generous benefits package, though PayPal reserves the right to make changes or cancel any benefits at any time, in PayPal s sole discretion. 
 
 Workplace 
 
 You will be required to meet the expectations for onsite work at a PayPal office as directed by the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 This offer is contingent upon the results of your background verification and reference checks, as PayPal deems appropriate, in its sole discretion. 
 
 Under federal immigration laws, PayPal is required to verify each new employee s identity and legal authority to work in the United States. Accordingly, please be prepared to furnish appropriate documents satisfying those requirements this offer of employment is conditioned on submission of satisfactory documentation. You will be provided with a list of the required documents. 
 
 Your employment at PayPal is at-will and either you or PayPal may terminate your employment at any time, with or without cause or advance notice. The at-will nature of the employment relationship can only be changed by a written agreement signed by the Chief Executive Officer or his authorized delegate. Your employment conditions, job responsibilities, compensation and benefits may be adjusted by PayPal from time to time in its sole discretion. 
 
 Although your employment with PayPal is at-will and either you or PayPal may terminate your employment at any time, with or without cause or advance notice, as a part of PayPal s executive team, you may be eligible for severance in certain circumstances pursuant and subject to the terms and conditions of any applicable severance program, policy or plan that PayPal may maintain from time to time. In particular, effective beginning on your start date, you will be eligible to participate in the PayPal Holdings, Inc. Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan as amended and restated effective as of September 27, 2021, as it may be amended or restated from time to time. PayPal reserves the right to make changes or cancel any program, policy, plan and benefit at any time, in PayPal s sole discretion. 
 
 By executing this Letter, you certify that you are not subject to any restrictive covenants or obligations that would prevent you from fully performing your duties for PayPal. 
 
 You acknowledge and agree that you will be subject to any PayPal compensation recovery, clawback or similar recoupment policy as currently in effect or as may be adopted by PayPal, in each case, as amended from time to time, including without limitation as it may be amended by PayPal to comply with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, to the extent that PayPal determines any such policy is applicable to you pursuant to its terms. 
 
 Kindly indicate your consent to this Letter by signing and returning a copy through DocuSign. In addition to this Letter, other important documents, including the Mutual Arbitration Agreement and the Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, outline additional terms and conditions of your employment. These documents will be provided to you for signature via our online candidate portal, SilkRoad. Please be sure to thoroughly review these documents prior to signing. These documents must be signed and returned prior to your start date. 
 
 Upon your signature below, this will become our binding agreement with respect to your employment and its terms, merging and superseding in their entirety all other or prior written or oral offers, agreements and communications. In accepting this offer and signing below, you acknowledge that you have not relied upon any statement, promise, agreement or representation not set forth in this Letter. 
 
 We respect the privacy of all employees and will comply with all applicable laws regarding processing of personal information. All such personal information is processed in accordance with the PayPal Employee Privacy 
 4 

Statement, a copy of which has been given to you in connection with this Letter. You acknowledge that you have reviewed and understand the Employee Privacy Statement. 
 
 5 

At PayPal, we are continuing to write the next chapter in transforming the world s digital economy. We believe the opportunities ahead of us are greater than ever, and we hope you will join us on the journey. 

s Alex Chriss 
 
 Alex Chriss 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

ACCEPTED 

s Diego Scotti 
 
 Diego Scotti 

11 1 2023 
 
 Date 

Signature Page to Letter 

2,000,000 Sign On Bonus Repayment Agreement 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the offer letter to which this Repayment Agreement is attached. 
 
 If you resign from PayPal or PayPal terminates your employment with PayPal for cause (or notice is provided related to such resignation or termination for cause) 
 
 First Payment 
 On or prior to the first anniversary of the payment date of the first installment (the First Payment of the Sign On Bonus, you must pay to PayPal an amount equal to 100 of the First Payment. 
 After the first anniversary of the payment date of the First Payment and on or prior to the second anniversary of the payment date of the First Payment, you must pay to PayPal an amount equal to the First Payment, provided that your repayment obligation for the First Payment will be reduced by 1 24th for every full month of your active employment with PayPal following your start date. 
 
 Second Payment 
 On or prior to the first anniversary of the payment date of the second installment (the Second Payment of the Sign On Bonus, you must pay to PayPal an amount equal to 100 of the Second Payment. 
 
 For purposes hereof, cause shall mean any of the following, as determined by PayPal (i) your failure to substantially perform your assigned duties, other than failure resulting from your death or complete incapacity due to physical or mental illness or impairment (ii) an act by you that constitutes misconduct and that may be, in PayPal s sole discretion, injurious in any way to PayPal or any of its affiliates (collectively, the PayPal Companies (iii) a material violation by you of any law or regulation relating to the business of any of the PayPal Companies or (iv) a breach by you of your fiduciary duty to any of the PayPal Companies. 

ACCEPTED 

s Diego Scotti 
 
 Diego Scotti 

Date 11 1 2023 
 
 Repayment Agreement 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 4
 skereereofferletter_final.htm
 EX-10.32

Document 

December 3, 2023 
 
 Suzan Kereere 
 
 Dear Suzan, 
 
 We have enjoyed getting to know you better and understanding how your experience, expertise and leadership approach aligns with helping PayPal Holdings, Inc. PayPal Holdings and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, PayPal on our mission to democratize financial services and improve the financial health of individuals, families, businesses and communities around the world. We are excited at the prospect of you joining as a leader at PayPal, and we are pleased to offer you, on the terms set forth in this offer letter (this Letter ), the full-time, exempt position of President, Global Markets, currently reporting to PayPal's President and Chief Executive Officer (the Chief Executive Officer ). 
 
 Through this Letter, I will present the specifics of your job offer and compensation package, including legal terms and conditions. As discussed, this compensation package is subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of PayPal Holdings (the Compensation Committee ). Please review this Letter and sign where noted, via DocuSign. Should you have any questions, please reach out to Bimal Patel (bimal paypal.com). 
 
 Your Compensation Package 
 
 Salary and Bonuses 
 
 At PayPal, we pride ourselves on offering a competitive total rewards package. Your annual base salary will be 750,000 (paid bi-weekly at approximately 28,846 per pay period, less applicable deductions and tax withholdings). 
 
 You will be eligible to participate in the PayPal Annual Incentive Plan for a specified fiscal year AIP ), subject to the terms and conditions of the AIP for each fiscal year as determined by the Compensation Committee. AIP is an annual bonus that is calculated based on your individual achievement as well as company performance for the year. The AIP performance period is from January 1 through December 31. Your target bonus for the AIP is 125 of your annual base salary, generally pro-rated based on your start date with a PayPal company start date and days of service in an AIP-eligible position during the AIP performance period. There is no guarantee any AIP bonus will be awarded or received, and any actual bonus will be determined after the end of the AIP performance period. Any AIP bonus, even if it is made repeatedly or regularly and whatever its amount, can never lead to a vested right for you, the employee. 
 
 To be eligible to receive any AIP bonus, you must be employed before October 1st of the applicable AIP performance period, and you must remain employed on the date the bonus is paid, subject to applicable laws. If your start date commences on or after October 1st, your eligibility to participate in the AIP will begin on January 1 st of the following calendar year. Therefore, the first year that you may be eligible to participate in the AIP is 2024 and you will not be eligible to receive any AIP bonus based on the 2023 performance period. Any bonus is at PayPal s sole and absolute discretion and subject to the terms and conditions of the AIP. PayPal reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to amend, change or cancel the AIP at any time. Further, the bonus plan that you are eligible to participate in may change over time. You acknowledge and agree that PayPal may substitute the plan referenced in this Letter and any contract of employment or any offer documentation, as it determines in its sole discretion from time to time. 
 
 In addition, PayPal is also offering you the following 
 A one-time sign on bonus of 6,000,000 (less applicable deductions and tax withholdings) (the Sign On Bonus ). The Sign On Bonus will be paid in two installments 4,000,000 will be payable within the first two pay periods following your start date and 2,000,000 will be payable within two pay periods following the six month anniversary of your start date. 
 
 The Sign On Bonus is subject to a couple conditions (1) you need to be employed with PayPal on the date of each payment, otherwise you will not earn or receive the Sign On Bonus, and (2) if you resign for 

reasons other than Good Reason (as defined below) or PayPal terminates your employment for Cause (as defined below) before the designated date(s) in the attached Repayment Agreement, the Sign On Bonus will not be earned, and is subject to repayment to PayPal. Details are in the attached Repayment Agreement. 
 
 For purposes of this Letter 
 
 Cause shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the PayPal Holdings, Inc. Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan as amended and restated effective as of September 27, 2021, as it may be amended or restated from time to time (the Severance Plan ). 
 
 Good Reason shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the portions of the Severance Plan and its Appendix A that are applicable to individuals eligible to participate in the Severance Plan who are not the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 As a PayPal executive, you will also be eligible to receive the initial equity grants summarized in the table below (the Initial Equity Grants ), subject to approval by the Compensation Committee. You will also be eligible to receive additional annual equity grants beginning in 2025, depending on your performance as assessed by the Chief Executive Officer and subject to approval by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 The grant date for the Initial Equity Grants that are RSUs (including the RSUs and the Make-Whole RSUs) is expected to be on or around the 15th of the month following the month of your start date, while the grant date for the Initial Equity Grants that are PBRSUs is expected to be in early 2024. For the avoidance of doubt, you will not be eligible to receive any annual equity grants from PayPal in calendar years 2023 or 2024 aside from the Initial Equity Grants. 
 
 Equity grants are subject to applicable taxes and withholdings and are governed by the applicable award agreement and any other related documents. 
 
 Grant 
 Value 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Restricted Stock Units RSUs USD 6,250,000 
 The value of the RSUs will be converted into a number of PayPal shares based on an average PayPal stock closing price for the 30 trading days prior to the grant date of the RSUs (the Trailing Average ). Specifically, the Value set forth in this row of the table will be divided by the Trailing Average and rounded down to the nearest whole share to arrive at the number of RSUs. 
 
 One-third (1 3) of the RSUs subject to the award will vest on the first anniversary of the grant date, with one-twelfth (1 12) of the RSUs subject to the award vesting on each quarterly vest date thereafter, such that the RSUs shall be fully vested on the third anniversary of the grant date, conditioned in each case upon your continued employment with a PayPal company. 
 
 2 

Make-Whole RSUs (the Make-Whole RSUs USD 7,500,000 
 The value of the Make-Whole RSUs will be converted into a number of PayPal shares based on the Trailing Average. Specifically, the Value set forth in this row of the table will be divided by the Trailing Average and rounded down to the nearest whole share to arrive at the number of Make-Whole RSUs. 
 
 One-half (1 2) of the shares subject to the Make-Whole RSUs will vest on the first anniversary of the grant date, with the remainder of the shares subject to the Make-Whole RSUs vesting on the second anniversary of the grant date, in each case conditioned upon your continued employment with a PayPal company. However, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Severance Plan, if your employment with PayPal is terminated by reason of a Qualifying Termination (as defined in Appendix A of the Severance Plan), any then-outstanding and unvested Make-Whole RSUs will accelerate and vest in full on the effective date of your separation from service from PayPal. 
 Performance-based Restricted Stock Units PBRSUs Target value of USD 6,250,000 
 The target value of the PBRSUs will be converted into a number of PayPal shares based on the Trailing Average. Specifically, the Value set forth in this row of the table will be divided by the Trailing Average and rounded down to the nearest whole share to arrive at the target number of PBRSUs. 
 
 Any PBRSUs earned based on PayPal Holdings performance over the three-year (2024-2026) performance period based on metrics and targets set by the Compensation Committee will vest and be settled in March of the year immediately following the performance period, conditioned upon your continued employment with a PayPal company. 

Please note The above is only a summary of the Initial Equity Grants and the Initial Equity Grants are subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee. You will be notified by E TRADE to set up your account and will be prompted to accept your grants online once they are approved and processed. 
 
 3 

All employees are subject to PayPal s Insider Trading Agreement, which outlines the procedures and guidelines governing securities trades by company personnel. You will be provided with a copy of PayPal s Insider Trading Agreement. Please review the Insider Trading Agreement carefully and execute the online certification through our SilkRoad Onboarding Portal to submit it to PayPal s Human Resources team. 
 
 Relocation 
 
 PayPal will provide reasonable temporary housing suitable for you in the Bay Area and will cover the cost of bi-weekly business class commuting for you or your spouse from your home in New Jersey and the Bay Area for up to twelve months. PayPal will also pay or reimburse you for certain broker assistance related to the sale of a home in New Jersey and your purchase of a home in the Bay Area, as well as shipment of household goods from New Jersey to the Bay Area under the terms of PayPal s relocation assistance program for executives. PayPal will provide a tax gross up in connection with the cost of travel, housing and relocation expenses if and to the extent applicable. The details of the commuting, temporary housing and relocation arrangements are covered in a separate relocation letter. If your employment with PayPal terminates by reason of Cause or you resign for reasons other than Good Reason, you agree that you will repay (or forfeit, to the extent not already paid to you) (i) all amounts paid or payable pursuant to such relocation letter (the Relocation Amounts if such termination occurs on or before the first anniversary of your start date or (ii) the Relocation Amounts reduced by 1 24th for every full month of your active employment with PayPal following your start date if such termination occurs after the first anniversary and on or prior to the second anniversary of your start date. No amounts paid to you pursuant to such relocation letter shall be repayable by you if a termination of your employment with PayPal occurs after the second anniversary of your start date. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, you authorize PayPal to withhold from any compensation otherwise owed to you at the time of your termination of employment any amounts necessary to satisfy your repayment obligations under this paragraph. 
 
 Benefits 
 
 You will also be eligible to receive benefits from PayPal. Please refer to the benefit plan documents for more details, including eligibility. Details about PayPal benefits, including the Employee Stock Purchase Program, 401(k), Sabbatical Program, and Tracking-Free Vacation, are available here https www.paypalbenefits.com us Let us know if you have questions about any of them. 
 
 Since you will be part of PayPal s executive team, you re also eligible to participate in the PayPal Holdings, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 The above is just an overview. For more details and plan limitations, please review the Summary Plan Descriptions, plan documents, program summaries or grant agreements. You ll see that we re serious about offering a generous benefits package, though PayPal reserves the right to make changes or cancel any benefits at any time, in PayPal s sole discretion. 
 
 Workplace 
 
 You will be required to meet the expectations for onsite work at a PayPal office (primarily in San Jose, California or New York) as directed by the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 This offer is contingent upon the results of your background verification and reference checks, as PayPal deems appropriate, in its sole discretion. 
 
 Under federal immigration laws, PayPal is required to verify each new employee s identity and legal authority to work in the United States. Accordingly, please be prepared to furnish appropriate documents satisfying those requirements this offer of employment is conditioned on submission of satisfactory documentation. You will be provided with a list of the required documents. 
 
 Your employment at PayPal is at-will and either you or PayPal may terminate your employment at any time, with or without cause or advance notice. The at-will nature of the employment relationship can only be changed by a written agreement signed by the Chief Executive Officer or his authorized delegate. Your employment conditions, job responsibilities, compensation and benefits may be adjusted by PayPal from time to time in its sole discretion. 
 
 Although your employment with PayPal is at-will and either you or PayPal may terminate your employment at any time, with or without cause or advance notice, as a part of PayPal s executive team, you may be eligible for severance in certain circumstances pursuant and subject to the terms and conditions of any applicable severance program, policy or plan that PayPal may maintain from time to time. In particular, effective beginning on your 
 4 

start date, you will be eligible to participate in the Severance Plan. PayPal reserves the right to make changes or cancel any program, policy, plan and benefit at any time, in PayPal s sole discretion. 
 
 By executing this Letter, you certify that you are not in breach of, and covenant that you will not breach, any non-solicitation, non-disclosure, confidentiality or similar restrictive covenants arising under applicable law or set forth in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, nondisclosure agreement or other agreement with any current or former employer. You further certify that you have provided PayPal with a copy of that certain Resignation Agreement by and between you and Fiserv., Inc. dated as of December 2023, which sets forth your restrictive covenant obligations in connection with your employment with Fiserv., Inc., and by executing this Letter, you represent that you shall comply with such restrictive covenant obligations. Further, you represent that you have returned or will timely return any and all information of a confidential or propertiary nature in your posession, custody or control that relate and belong to any third party, including any current or prior employers, and you also agree that you will not use or share any such information with anyone at PayPal at any time. 
 
 You acknowledge and agree that you will be subject to any PayPal compensation recovery, clawback or similar recoupment policy as currently in effect or as may be adopted by PayPal, in each case, as amended from time to time, including without limitation as it may be amended by PayPal to comply with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, to the extent that PayPal determines any such policy is applicable to you pursuant to its terms. 
 
 Kindly indicate your consent to this Letter by signing and returning a copy through DocuSign. In addition to this Letter, other important documents, including the Mutual Arbitration Agreement and the Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, outline additional terms and conditions of your employment. These documents will be provided to you for signature via our online candidate portal, SilkRoad. Please be sure to thoroughly review these documents prior to signing. These documents must be signed and returned prior to your start date. 
 
 Upon your signature below, this will become our binding agreement with respect to your employment and its terms, merging and superseding in their entirety all other or prior written or oral offers, agreements and communications. In accepting this offer and signing below, you acknowledge that you have not relied upon any statement, promise, agreement or representation not set forth in this Letter. 
 
 We respect the privacy of all employees and will comply with all applicable laws regarding processing of personal information. All such personal information is processed in accordance with the PayPal Employee Privacy Statement, a copy of which has been given to you in connection with this Letter. You acknowledge that you have reviewed and understand the Employee Privacy Statement. 
 
 5 

At PayPal, we are continuing to write the next chapter in transforming the world s digital economy. We believe the opportunities ahead of us are greater than ever, and we hope you will join us on the journey. 

s Alex Chriss 
 
 Alex Chriss 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

ACCEPTED 

s Suzan Kereere 
 
 Suzan Kereere 

12 4 2023 
 
 Date 
 
 Anticipated Start Date (Contingent upon background check) January 1, 2024 
 
 Signature Page to Letter 

6,000,000 Sign On Bonus Repayment Agreement 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the offer letter to which this Repayment Agreement is attached. 
 
 If you resign from PayPal for reasons other than Good Reason or PayPal terminates your employment with PayPal for Cause (or notice is provided related to such resignation without Good Reason or termination for Cause) 
 
 First Payment 
 On or prior to the first anniversary of the payment date of the first installment (the First Payment of the Sign On Bonus, you must pay to PayPal an amount equal to 100 of the First Payment. 
 After the first anniversary of the payment date of the First Payment and on or prior to the second anniversary of the payment date of the First Payment, you must pay to PayPal an amount equal to the First Payment, provided that your repayment obligation for the First Payment will be reduced by 1 24th for every full month of your active employment with PayPal following your start date. 
 
 Second Payment 
 On or prior to the first anniversary of the payment date of the second installment (the Second Payment of the Sign On Bonus, you must pay to PayPal an amount equal to 100 of the Second Payment. 

ACCEPTED 

s Suzan Kereere 
 
 Suzan Kereere 

Date 12 4 2023 
 
 Repayment Agreement 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.33>
 5
 a2024independentdirectorco.htm
 EX-10.33

Document 

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR COMPENSATION POLICY (Effective as of January 1, 2024) 
 
 Independent Directors (as defined in the PayPal Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Award Plan, as it may be amended and restated from time to time (the Plan )) of PayPal Holdings, Inc. PayPal shall be eligible to receive cash and or equity compensation as set forth in this Independent Director Compensation Policy (this Policy ). The cash compensation and equity grants described in this Policy shall be paid or be made, as applicable, automatically and without further action of the Board of Directors of PayPal (the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee ), to each Independent Director who may be eligible to receive such cash compensation or equity grants. This Policy shall remain in effect until it is revised or rescinded by further action of the Board or the Committee. 
 
 Annual Equity Awards 
 
 All Independent Directors 275,000 in PayPal common stock Board Chair 87,500 in PayPal common stock 
 
 For purposes of clarity, the Board Chair receives 87,500 in PayPal common stock, in addition to the 275,000 in PayPal common stock the Board Chair receives as an Independent Director. All equity awards are subject to the PayPal Stock Ownership Guidelines. 
 
 If an Independent Director is appointed or elected at any time other than an Annual Meeting, the Independent Director shall be eligible to receive a prorated Annual Stock Award, in accordance with Exhibit A (the Independent Director Equity Compensation Policy ). 
 
 Annual Retainers 
 
 All Independent Directors 80,000 year Board Chair 
 87,500 year Lead Independent Director 
 75,000 year Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee Chair 
 40,000 year Compensation Committee Chair 
 25,000 year Corporate Governance & Nominating Committee Chair 
 20,000 year Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee Member 
 20,000 year Compensation Committee Member 
 18,000 year Corporate Governance & Nominating Committee Member 
 10,000 year 
 
 For purposes of clarity, (i) an Independent Director who serves as the chair of a committee will be entitled to the committee chair annual retainer for that specific committee in addition to the Independent Director annual retainer but will not be entitled to the committee annual retainer for serving as a member of that specific committee and (ii) an Independent Director who serves as Board Chair will be entitled to the Board Chair annual retainer in addition to the Independent Director annual retainer. 

Annual retainers shall be payable on the first trading day after January 1 of each year in which the Independent Director serves as an Independent Director of the Board of PayPal (the Annual Retainer Payment Date and shall be paid as soon as administratively practicable following the Annual Retainer Payment Date. If an Independent Director is elected or appointed to serve as a member of the Board, or appointed to serve as a member of a committee or as a chair of a committee in which such director is not a member prior to such appointment, during a calendar year but following the Annual Retainer Payment Date for such calendar year, their annual retainer(s) (or additional retainer if the Independent Director is serving in a different capacity) will be prorated, by multiplying such annual retainer(s) by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days from the appointment or election date to December 31 of such calendar year, and the denominator of which is 365 (the prorated annual retainer ). The prorated annual retainer shall be paid to the Independent Director as soon as administratively practicable following such appointment or election. An Independent Director that changes roles during a calendar year but following the Annual Retainer Payment Date for such calendar year will be entitled to a proration of the incremental increase, if any, between their annual retainer amount received for such calendar year and the increased retainer amount. For the avoidance of doubt, the Independent Director is not required to repay their annual retainer(s) or any portion thereof in the event that such Independent Director s role is changed or service is terminated during the calendar year. In lieu of receiving an annual retainer in cash, an Independent Director may elect to receive a fully vested Stock Payment award of PayPal common stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the forgone retainer. 
 
 Neither this policy nor any compensation paid hereunder will confer on any Independent Director the right to continue to serve as a member of the Board or to continue providing services to PayPal in any capacity. 
 All capitalized terms used but not defined herein (or in Exhibit A shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. See Exhibit A for additional information regarding Independent Director equity compensation. 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR EQUITY COMPENSATION POLICY 
 (Effective as of January 1, 2024) 
 
 Independent Directors of the Board of PayPal are entitled to receive equity awards as part of the compensation for their service to the Board. The Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving the equity compensation arrangements for Independent Directors. The Committee has approved an arrangement whereby Independent Directors receive awards of PayPal common stock under the Plan according to a set, non-discretionary formula. This memorandum shall serve as written documentation of the non-discretionary formula established by the Committee pursuant to Article 10 of the Plan and shall supersede any prior policy or description of the formula. All awards are subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and an award agreement in the form approved by the Committee to evidence such type of grant pursuant to this policy (the award agreement ). 
 
 (1) Annual Award of Common Stock 
 
 Each Independent Director shall be granted a fully vested Stock Payment award of PayPal common stock under the Plan, promptly following the annual meeting of stockholders of PayPal Annual Meeting ). The number of shares of PayPal common stock subject to the award will be determined by dividing the amount of the annual equity award (i.e., 275,000 and, with respect to the additional equity award to the Board Chair, 87,500) by the per share Fair Market Value of PayPal common stock on the date of the Annual Meeting, rounded up to the nearest whole share (the Annual Stock Award ). 
 
 If an Independent Director is appointed or elected at any time other than an Annual Meeting, the Independent Director shall be eligible to receive a prorated Annual Stock Award, as of the date of their appointment or election, for the period prior to the first Annual Meeting following their appointment or election, determined by (i) multiplying the amount of the annual equity award (i.e., 275,000 and, with respect to the additional equity award to the Board Chair, 87,500) by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days from the date of appointment or election to the first anniversary of the most recent Annual Meeting, and the denominator of which is 365, and (ii) dividing such amount by the per share Fair Market Value of PayPal common stock on the date of appointment or election, rounded up to the nearest whole share. 
 
 (2) Annual Retainer Elections 
 
 An Independent Director may elect to have all of their annual retainer Annual Retainer for services to the Board (and, to the extent applicable, on any committees thereof) in a particular taxable year delivered in the form of a fully vested Stock Payment award for PayPal common stock under the Plan rather than in the form of an annual cash payment (an Elective Stock Award ). Such an election may only be made with respect to 100 of the Annual Retainer(s) for the calendar year and may not be made for a portion of any Annual Retainer. In the event an Independent Director receives a prorated Annual Retainer due to their appointment or election during a calendar year but following the Annual Retainer Payment Date (as defined in the Policy) for such calendar year, such Independent Director may elect to receive 100 of their prorated Annual Retainer for the calendar year as an Elective Stock Award. An Independent Director who elects to receive an Elective Stock Award is referred to as an Electing Director. 
 
 The number of shares of PayPal common stock subject to each Elective Stock Award will be determined by dividing the amount of the cash payment in lieu of which such Elective Stock Award is being made by the per share Fair Market Value of PayPal common stock on the date that the cash payment would otherwise be payable, rounded up to the nearest whole share. For example, if an Electing Director were entitled to an Annual Retainer payment of 100,000 on January 3 and the per share Fair Market Value of PayPal common stock was 70 on such date, the Electing Director would be entitled to receive a fully vested Stock Payment award for 1,429 shares of 

PayPal common stock in lieu of the 100,000 cash payment. The Elective Stock Award will be granted as of the date the cash payment would otherwise have been payable to the Electing Director. 
 
 Each Electing Director s election must be in a form approved by the Committee and must be delivered to the Committee (or a person designated by the Committee to receive such election) as specified by the Committee or as otherwise prescribed by law. Any election must also comply with the Company s insider trading policy. 
 
 (3) Treatment of DSUs Previously Granted to Independent Directors 
 
 Any elections made by Independent Directors, under the terms and subject to the conditions of the eBay Inc. Independent Director Compensation policy or the PayPal Holdings, Inc. Independent Director Compensation policy at the time of election, to have their annual retainers in respect of service to the Board prior to January 1, 2016 delivered in the form of deferred stock units DSUs (rather than in cash) will continue to apply to such annual retainers and shall be administered under such policies. 
 
 All applicable terms of the Plan and the applicable award agreement shall continue to apply to all DSUs. With respect to DSUs granted prior to August 1, 2013 under the eBay Inc. Independent Director Compensation policy and assumed by PayPal, PayPal has the discretion to deliver shares of PayPal common stock subject to the vested DSU award or a lump sum payment in cash equal to the aggregate Fair Market Value of such shares on the date of distribution. DSUs granted on or after August 1, 2013 may only be settled in shares of PayPal common stock. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, for any Independent Director who ceases to be a Board member, any unvested DSUs granted prior to the effective date of such resignation or termination shall automatically vest in full. 
 
 In addition, any unvested DSU awards previously granted to an Independent Director will automatically vest in full and become distributable immediately prior to a Change in Control (as defined under the Plan), subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 (4) DSUs Held by Former Directors of eBay Inc. 
 
 In connection with the distribution of shares of PayPal common stock to the stockholders of eBay Inc., DSUs previously granted to members of the eBay Inc. Board of Directors (the eBay Board were adjusted in the manner set forth in the Employee Matters Agreement by and between PayPal and eBay Inc., dated July 17, 2015, and PayPal assumed and shall deliver or pay the portion of such DSUs relating to PayPal common stock to such members upon their separation from service with the Board or, if such member continues to serve as a member of the eBay Board after such distribution, upon their separation from service with the eBay Board. 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-21.01>
 6
 exhibit2101subsidiarylistf.htm
 EX-21.01

Document 

Exhibit 21.01 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF PAYPAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 The following is a list of subsidiaries of PayPal Holdings, Inc., omitting subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary. 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Bill Me Later, Inc. Delaware, United States Paidy Inc. Japan Payments Technology Holdings, LLC. Hawaii, United States Payments Technology Insurance Company, Inc. Hawaii, United States PayPal (Europe) S. r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. Luxembourg PayPal 2 S. r.l. Luxembourg PayPal Australia Pty Limited Australia PayPal Canada Co. Canada PayPal do Brasil Institui o de Pagamentos Ltda. 
 Brazil PayPal Global Holdings, Inc. Delaware, United States PayPal International Treasury Centre S. r.l. Luxembourg PayPal, Inc. Delaware, United States PayPal Payment Holdings Pte. Ltd. Singapore PayPal Pte. Ltd. Singapore PayPal U.K. Ltd. United Kingdom 

</EX-21.01>

<EX-22.01>
 7
 consentletter.htm
 EX-22.01

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-266475, 333-266474 and 333-233776) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-272808, 333-266139, 333-262503, 333-257416, 333-256374, 333-255416, 333-235832, 333-226532, 333-225625, 333-219828 and 333-205609) of PayPal Holding, Inc. of our report dated February 7, 2024 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 San Jose, California 
 February 7, 2024 

</EX-22.01>

<EX-31.01>
 8
 exhibit3101ceoq42023.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 

Exhibit 31.01 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
 AS REQUIRED BY SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 
 
 I, Alex Chriss, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Alex Chriss 
 Alex Chriss 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date February 7, 2024 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 9
 exhibit3102cfoq42023.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 

Exhibit 31.02 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
 AS REQUIRED BY SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 
 
 I, Jamie Miller, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Jamie Miller Jamie Miller Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date February 7, 2024 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 10
 exhibit3201ceoq42023.htm
 EX-32.01

Document 

Exhibit 32.01 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
 AS REQUIRED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 
 
 I, Alex Chriss, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that 
 
 (i) The accompanying annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (ii) The information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 
 s Alex Chriss 
 Alex Chriss 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date February 7, 2024 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of this report. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 11
 exhibit3202cfoq42023.htm
 EX-32.02

Document 

Exhibit 32.02 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
 AS REQUIRED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 
 
 I, Jamie Miller, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that 
 
 (i) The accompanying annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (ii) The information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
 
 s Jamie Miller Jamie Miller Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date February 7, 2024 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of this report. 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-97.1>
 12
 paypaldoddfrankclawbackpol.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 

PAYPAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 MANDATORY RECOVERY POLICY FOR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The Board of Directors (the Board of PayPal Holdings, Inc. (the Company believes that it is appropriate for the Company to adopt this Mandatory Recovery Policy for Executive Officers (the Policy to be applied to the Executive Officers of the Company and adopts this Policy to be effective as of the Effective Date. 
 1. Definitions 
 For purposes of this Policy, the following definitions shall apply 
 a) Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 b) Company Group means the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, as applicable. 
 c) Covered Compensation means any Incentive-Based Compensation granted, vested or paid to a person who served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period for the Incentive-Based Compensation and that was Received (i) on or after the effective date of the applicable Nasdaq listing standards, (ii) after the person became an Executive Officer and (iii) at a time that the Company had a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association. 
 d) Effective Date means December 1, 2023. 
 e) Erroneously Awarded Compensation means the amount of Covered Compensation granted, vested or paid to a person during the fiscal period when the applicable Financial Reporting Measure relating to such Covered Compensation was attained that exceeds the amount of Covered Compensation that otherwise would have been granted, vested or paid to the person had such amount been determined based on the applicable Restatement, computed without regard to any taxes paid (i.e., on a pre-tax basis). For Covered Compensation based on stock price or total stockholder return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in a Restatement, the Committee will determine the amount of such Covered Compensation that constitutes Erroneously Awarded Compensation, if any, based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Restatement on the stock price or total stockholder return upon which the Covered Compensation was granted, vested or paid and the Committee shall maintain documentation of such determination and provide such documentation to Nasdaq. 
 f) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 g) Executive Officer means each officer of the Company as defined under Rule 16a-1(f) under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, which shall be deemed to include any individuals identified by the Company as executive officers pursuant to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. Both current and former Executive Officers are subject to the Policy in accordance with its terms. 
 h) Financial Reporting Measure means (i) any measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measures derived wholly or in part from such measures and may consist of GAAP or non-GAAP financial measures (as defined under Regulation G of the Exchange 
 1 

Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act), (ii) stock price or (iii) total stockholder return. Financial Reporting Measures may or may not be filed with the SEC and may be presented outside the Company s financial statements, such as in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Result of Operations or in the performance graph required under Item 201(e) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. 
 i) Home Country means Delaware. 
 j) Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. 
 k) Lookback Period means the three completed fiscal years (plus any transition period of less than nine months that is within or immediately following the three completed fiscal years and that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare a Restatement for a given reporting period, with such date being the earlier of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Restatement. Recovery of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation under the Policy is not dependent on if or when the Restatement is actually filed. 
 l) Nasdaq means the Nasdaq Stock Market. 
 m) Received Incentive-Based Compensation is deemed Received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in or otherwise relating to the Incentive-Based Compensation award is attained, even if the grant, vesting or payment of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 n) Restatement means a required accounting restatement of any Company financial statement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including (i) to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements (commonly referred to as a Big R restatement) or (ii) to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is not material to the previously issued financial statements but that would result in a material misstatement if the error was corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (commonly referred to as a little r restatement). Changes to the Company s financial statements that do not represent error corrections under the then-current relevant accounting standards will not constitute Restatements. Recovery of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation under the Policy is not dependent on fraud or misconduct by any person in connection with the Restatement. 
 o) SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 p) Subsidiary means any domestic or foreign corporation, partnership, association, joint stock company, joint venture, trust or unincorporated organization affiliated with the Company, that is, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controlling , controlled by or under common control with , the Company. Control for this purpose means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, contract or otherwise. 
 2 

2. Recoupment and Forfeiture of Erroneously Awarded Compensation 
 In the event of a Restatement, any Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received during the Lookback Period prior to the Restatement (a) that is then-outstanding but has not yet been paid shall be automatically and immediately forfeited and (b) that has been paid to any person shall be subject to reasonably prompt repayment to the applicable member of the Company Group in accordance with Section 3 of this Policy. The Committee must pursue (and shall not have the discretion to waive) the forfeiture and or repayment of such Erroneously Awarded Compensation in accordance with Section 3 of this Policy, except as provided below. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee (or, if at any time the Committee is not a committee of the Board responsible for the Company s executive compensation decisions and composed entirely of independent directors, a majority of the independent directors serving on the Board) may determine not to pursue the forfeiture and or recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation from any person if the Committee determines that such forfeiture and or recovery would be impracticable due to any of the following circumstances (i) the direct expense paid to a third party (for example, reasonable legal expenses and consulting fees) to assist in enforcing the Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered (following reasonable attempts by one or more members of the Company Group to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation, the documentation of such attempts, and the provision of such documentation to Nasdaq), (ii) pursuing such recovery would violate the Company s Home Country laws adopted prior to November 28, 2022 (provided that the Company obtains an opinion of Home Country counsel acceptable to Nasdaq that recovery would result in such a violation and provides such opinion to Nasdaq), or (iii) recovery would likely cause any otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 
 3. Means of Repayment 
 In the event that the Committee determines that any person shall repay any Erroneously Awarded Compensation, the Committee shall provide written notice to such person by email, certified mail or nationally recognized overnight courier service to the physical address on file with the Company Group for such person, and the person shall satisfy such repayment in a manner and on such terms as required by the Committee, and any member of the Company Group shall be entitled to set off the repayment amount against any amount owed to the person by the applicable member of the Company Group, to require the forfeiture of any award granted by any member of the Company Group to the person, or to take any and all necessary actions to reasonably promptly recoup the repayment amount from the person, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, including without limitation, Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and guidance thereunder. If the Committee does not specify a repayment timing in the written notice described above, the applicable person shall be required to repay the Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company by wire, cash or cashier s check no later than thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice. 
 4. No Indemnification 
 No person shall be indemnified, insured or reimbursed by any member of the Company Group in respect of any loss of compensation by such person in accordance with this Policy, nor shall any person receive any advancement of expenses for disputes related to any loss of compensation by such person in accordance with this Policy, and no person shall be paid or reimbursed by any member of the Company Group for any premiums paid by such person for any third-party insurance policy covering potential recovery obligations under this Policy. For this purpose, indemnification includes any modification to current compensation arrangements or other means that would amount to de facto indemnification (for example, providing the person a new cash award which would be cancelled to effect the recovery of any 
 3 

Erroneously Awarded Compensation). In no event shall any member of the Company Group be required to award any person an additional payment if any Restatement would result in a higher incentive compensation payment. 
 5. Miscellaneous 
 This Policy generally will be administered and interpreted by the Committee. Any determination by the Committee with respect to this Policy shall be final, conclusive and binding on all interested parties. Any discretionary determinations of the Committee under this Policy, if any, need not be uniform with respect to all persons, and may be made selectively amongst persons, whether or not such persons are similarly situated. Any dispute by an Executive Officer or related party with respect to this Policy is subject to the mandatory arbitration agreement applicable to the Executive Officer. 
 This Policy is intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as it may be amended from time to time, and any related rules or regulations promulgated by the SEC or Nasdaq, including any additional or new requirements that become effective after the Effective Date which upon effectiveness shall be deemed to automatically amend this Policy to the extent necessary to comply with such additional or new requirements. 
 The provisions in this Policy are intended to be applied to the fullest extent of the law. To the extent that any provision of this Policy is found to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such provision will be applied to the maximum extent permitted and shall automatically be deemed amended in a manner consistent with its objectives to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Policy shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Policy. Recoupment of Erroneously Awarded Compensation under this Policy is not dependent upon the Company Group satisfying any conditions in this Policy, including any requirements to provide applicable documentation to Nasdaq. 
 The rights of the members of the Company Group under this Policy to seek forfeiture or reimbursement are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any rights of recoupment, or remedies or rights other than recoupment, that may be available to any member of the Company Group pursuant to the terms of any law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement or any other policy (including the PayPal Holdings, Inc. Clawback Policy, effective as of July 18, 2015, as amended from time to time), code of conduct, employee handbook, employment agreement, offer letter, equity award agreement, or other plan or agreement of any member of the Company Group. 
 6. Amendment and Termination 
 To the extent permitted by, and in a manner consistent with applicable law, including SEC and Nasdaq rules, the Committee may terminate, suspend or amend this Policy at any time in its discretion. 
 7. Successors 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all persons and their respective beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives with respect to any Covered Compensation granted, vested or paid to or administered by such persons or entities. 
 4 

PAYPAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 MANDATORY RECOVERY POLICY FOR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 ACKNOWLEDGMENT, CONSENT AND AGREEMENT 
 I acknowledge that I have received and reviewed a copy of the PayPal Holdings, Inc. Mandatory Recovery Policy for Executive Officers (as may be amended from time to time, the Policy and I have been given an opportunity to ask questions about the Policy and review it with my counsel. I knowingly, voluntarily and irrevocably consent to and agree to be bound by and subject to the Policy s terms and conditions, including that I will return any Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is required to be repaid in accordance with the Policy. I further acknowledge, understand and agree that (i) the compensation that I receive, have received or may become entitled to receive from the Company Group is subject to the Policy, and the Policy may affect such compensation and (ii) I have no right to indemnification, insurance payments or other reimbursement by or from any member of the Company Group for any compensation that is subject to recoupment and or forfeiture under the Policy and no right to any advancement of expenses from any member of the Company Group for disputes related to any loss of my compensation in accordance with the Policy, and I hereby waive any rights provided under any other policy, agreement or plan or under the certificate of incorporation or bylaws or similar governing documents of any member of the Company Group (whether such policy, agreement, plan or governing document is entered into or effective before, on or after the Effective Date) that may be contrary to the Policy. I further acknowledge that neither the Policy nor this Acknowledgment, Consent and Agreement is, in any way, an employment contract or an assurance of continued employment. The Policy and this Acknowledgement, Consent and Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflict of laws which could cause the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. Capitalized terms not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Policy. 
 
 Signed _________________________________________ 
 Print Name _________________________________________ 
 Date _________________________________________ 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 pypl-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 pypl-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 pypl-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 pypl-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 pypl-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

