<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240220_10-K_edgar_data_72971_0000072971-24-000064.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>64337474</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1195016</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>6587118</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>33261351</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>11083554</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>10349569</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000072971-24-000064.hdr.sgml : 20240220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240220170658
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000072971-24-000064
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		223
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WELLS FARGO & COMPANY/MN
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000072971
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				410449260
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-02979
		FILM NUMBER:		24654705

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		420 MONTGOMERY STREET
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4156724450

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		420 MONTGOMERY STREET
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WELLS FARGO & CO/MN
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19981103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NORWEST CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NORTHWEST BANCORPORATION
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19830516

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000072971-24-000064.txt : 20240220

10-K
 1
 wfc-20231231.htm
 FORM 10-K

wfc-20231231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended Commission File Number 
 WELLS FARGO COMPANY 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 No. 
 (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 1- - 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbols Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered New York Stock 
 Exchange 
 ) 
 Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/1000th interest in a share of 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 At June 30, 2023, the aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately billion, based on a closing price of 42.68. At February 9, 2024, shares of common stock were outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

PART I. 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Wells Fargo Company is a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware and a financial holding company and a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (BHC Act). Its principal business is to act as a holding company for its subsidiaries. References in this report to the Parent mean the holding company. References to we, our, us or the Company mean the holding company and its subsidiaries that are consolidated for financial reporting purposes. 
 At December 31, 2023, we had assets of approximately 1.9 trillion, loans of 936.7 billion, deposits of 1.4 trillion and stockholders equity of 185.7 billion. Based on assets, we were the fourth largest bank holding company in the United States. At December 31, 2023, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. was the Company s principal subsidiary with assets of 1.7 trillion, or 90 of the Company s assets. 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, are available for free at www.wellsfargo.com/about/investor-relations/filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). They are also available for free on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov 1 . 

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
 General 
 We are a leading financial services company that provides a diversified set of banking, investment and mortgage products and services, as well as consumer and commercial finance, through banking locations and offices, the internet (www.wellsfargo.com) and other distribution channels to individuals, businesses and institutions in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and in countries outside the U.S. We provide consumer financial products and services including checking and savings accounts, credit and debit cards, and auto, mortgage and home equity, and small business lending. In addition, we offer financial planning, private banking, investment management, and fiduciary services. We also provide financial solutions to businesses through products and services including traditional commercial loans and lines of credit, letters of credit, asset-based lending and leasing, trade financing, treasury management, and investment banking services. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had four reportable operating segments for management reporting purposes: Consumer Banking and Lending; Commercial Banking; Corporate and Investment Banking; and Wealth and Investment Management. The 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders includes financial information and descriptions of these operating segments. 
 
 Human Capital 
 Our people are what set Wells Fargo apart and are critical to our success. Wells Fargo continues to invest in our employees by offering market competitive compensation, career-development opportunities, a broad array of benefits, and strong work-life programs. 
 
 1 We do not control this website. Wells Fargo has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website. 

We have set common expectations for everyone at the Company. These expectations guide how we lead ourselves, collaborate with our colleagues, and make decisions. The following expectations apply to everyone at Wells Fargo, at every level, and in every role: 
 Embrace candor 
 Do what s right 
 Be great at execution 
 Learn and grow 
 Champion diversity and inclusion 
 Build high-performing teams (for managers) 
 
 At December 31, 2023, we had approximately 226,000 active employees, with approximately 79 of employees based in the United States. 
 
 Compensation and benefits. Wells Fargo's compensation program is linked to performance management and is designed to promote prudent risk management and reinforce its culture and operating standards. The compensation principles include: 
 Pay for performance : Compensation is linked to company, line of business, and individual performance, including meeting regulatory expectations and creating long-term value consistent with the interests of shareholders. 
 Promote effective risk management : Compensation promotes effective risk management and discourages imprudent or excessive risk-taking. 
 Attract and retain talent : People are one of Wells Fargo's competitive advantages; therefore, compensation helps attract, motivate, and retain people with the skills, talent, and experience to drive superior long-term company performance. 
 
 In addition, we provide all eligible full- and part-time employees (and their eligible dependents, as applicable) with a comprehensive set of benefits designed to protect their physical, emotional, and financial health to help them make the most of their well-being. 
 
 Pay Equity Review. Wells Fargo is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. We have conducted an annual pay equity review through engagement with a third-party consultant for a number of years. The pay equity review compares the compensation of women to men globally and U.S. minorities versus U.S. non-minorities taking into account factors such as role, level, tenure, and geography. We may make adjustments to compensation in the event the review identifies gaps. The year-end 2023 review showed that women at Wells Fargo continue to earn more than 99 cents for every 1 earned by their male peers, and U.S. employees that are racially/ethnically diverse earn more than 99 cents for every 1 earned by their Caucasian/white peers. 
 
 Promoting Diversity, Equity and Inclusion. Meeting the increasingly diverse needs of Wells Fargo s global customer base is critical to our Company s long-term growth and success. Wells Fargo values and promotes diversity, equity and inclusion (DE I) in every aspect of our business. We are dedicated to recruitment and career development practices that support our employees and promote diversity throughout our workforce, including leadership positions. We developed DE I principles, which are informed by affirmative action and equal employment opportunity policies, for our Operating Committee. Our Head of 

1 

Diverse Segments, Representation and Inclusion reports directly to our CEO and is responsible for advancing our DE I efforts. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, our global workforce was 51 female and 49 male, and our U.S. workforce was 55 female and 45 male. Our U.S. workforce was 53 Caucasian/white and 47 racially/ethnically diverse. 
 
 Employee learning and development. We invest in the development of our employees and managers. We believe that when our employees feel properly supported, engaged, and confident in their skills, they are more effective and can provide an even better customer experience. During 2023, we invested approximately 200 million in a variety of employee learning and development programs, including functional training, regulatory compliance, leadership and professional development, and early talent development programs. In addition, we provided tuition reimbursement for approximately 2,600 employees in 2023. 
 
 Work-life programs. Wells Fargo offers many benefits, programs, and work arrangements intended to provide employees with flexibility and work-life balance. For example, employees in certain non-customer-facing roles have flexibility to work up to two days a week remotely, and are expected to spend a minimum of three days a week in the office. Expectations for other roles, including customer-facing, operations, contact center, and non-U.S. based employees, vary by business need. 
 
 Competition 
 The financial services industry is highly competitive. Our subsidiaries compete with financial services providers such as banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, finance companies, mortgage banking companies, insurance companies, investment banks and mutual fund companies. They also face increased competition from nonbank institutions such as brokerage houses, private equity firms and online lending companies, as well as from financial services subsidiaries of commercial and manufacturing companies. Many of these competitors enjoy fewer regulatory constraints and some may have lower cost structures. 
 Securities firms and insurance companies that elect to become financial holding companies may acquire banks and other financial institutions. Combinations of this type could significantly change the competitive environment in which we conduct business. The financial services industry is also likely to become more competitive as further technological advances enable more companies to provide financial services. These technological advances may diminish the importance of depository institutions and other financial intermediaries in the transfer of funds between parties. 
 
 REGULATION AND SUPERVISION 
 We describe below, and in Note 26 (Regulatory Capital Requirements and Other Restrictions) to Financial Statements in the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders, the material elements of the regulatory framework applicable to us. Banking statutes, regulations and policies are continually under review by Congress and state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies, as well as non-U.S. governments and financial regulators, and a change in them, including changes in how they are interpreted or implemented, could have a material effect on our business. The regulatory framework applicable to depository institutions and bank holding companies (BHCs) is intended to protect depositors, federal deposit insurance funds, consumers and the 

banking system as a whole, and not necessarily investors in bank holding companies such as the Company. 
 Statutes, regulations, and policies could restrict our ability to diversify into other areas of financial services, make acquisitions, and pay dividends on our capital stock. They may also require us to provide financial support to one or more of our subsidiary banks, maintain capital balances in excess of amounts desired by management, and pay higher deposit insurance premiums as a result of assessments or a general deterioration in the financial condition of depository institutions. See the Regulatory Matters and Risk Factors sections in the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders for additional information. 
 
 General 
 Parent Bank Holding Company. As a BHC, the Parent is subject to regulation under the BHC Act and to inspection, examination and supervision by its primary regulator, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve Board or FRB). The Parent is also subject to the disclosure and regulatory requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, both as administered by the SEC. As a company with securities listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), the Parent is subject to the rules of the NYSE for listed companies. 
 
 Subsidiary Banks. Our subsidiary national banks, and their subsidiaries, are subject to regulation and examination primarily by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) and also by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), the FRB, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), the SEC and the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). The non-U.S. branches and representative offices of our subsidiary national banks are subject to regulation and examination by their respective financial regulators as well as by the OCC and the FRB. Non-U.S. subsidiaries of our national bank subsidiaries may be subject to the laws and regulations of the countries in which they conduct business. 
 
 Nonbank Subsidiaries. Many of our nonbank subsidiaries are also subject to regulation by the FRB and other applicable federal and state agencies. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation by applicable state insurance regulatory agencies, as well as the FRB. Our brokerage subsidiaries are regulated by the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and, in some cases, the CFTC and the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, and state securities regulators. Our other nonbank subsidiaries may be subject to the laws and regulations of the federal government and/or the various states as well as non-U.S. countries in which they conduct business or operate. 
 Parent Bank Holding Company Activities 
 Financial in Nature Requirement. We became a financial holding company effective March 13, 2000. We continue to maintain our status as a BHC for purposes of various FRB regulations. As a BHC that has elected to be treated as a financial holding company pursuant to the BHC Act, we may affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies and engage in other activities that are financial in nature or incidental or complementary to activities that are financial in nature. Financial in nature activities include securities underwriting, dealing, and market making; sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; insurance underwriting and agency; merchant banking; and activities that the FRB, in consultation with the Secretary of the U.S. Treasury, determines to be financial in nature or incidental to such financial activity. 

2 

Complementary activities are activities that the FRB determines upon application to be complementary to a financial activity and do not pose a safety and soundness risk. 
 FRB approval is generally not required for us to acquire a company (other than a BHC, bank or savings association) engaged in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to activities that are financial in nature, as determined by the FRB. Prior notice to the FRB may be required, however, if the company to be acquired has total consolidated assets of 10 billion or more. Prior FRB approval is required before we may acquire the beneficial ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares or substantially all of the assets of a BHC, bank or savings association. In addition, the FRB has implemented a final rule under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act) that also prohibits our ability to merge, acquire all or substantially all of the assets of, or acquire control of another company if our total resulting consolidated liabilities would exceed 10 of the aggregate consolidated liabilities of all financial companies. 
 Because we are a financial holding company, if any of our subsidiary banks receives a rating under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, as amended (CRA), of less than satisfactory, we will be prohibited, until the rating is raised to satisfactory or better, from engaging in new activities or acquiring companies other than BHCs, banks or savings associations, except that we could engage in new activities, or acquire companies engaged in activities, that are closely related to banking under the BHC Act. CRA performance is also considered by regulators in reviewing applications to establish bank branches. In addition, if the FRB finds that the Company or any one of our subsidiary banks is not well capitalized or well managed, we would be required to enter into an agreement with the FRB to comply with all applicable capital and management requirements and which may contain additional limitations or conditions. Until corrected, we could be prohibited from engaging in any new activity or acquiring companies engaged in activities that are not closely related to banking under the BHC Act without prior FRB approval. If we fail to correct any such condition within a prescribed period, the FRB could order us to divest our banking subsidiaries or, in the alternative, to cease engaging in activities other than those closely related to banking under the BHC Act. 
 
 Interstate Banking . Under the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Act (Riegle-Neal Act), a BHC may acquire banks in states other than its home state, subject to any state requirement that the bank has been organized and operating for a minimum period of time, not to exceed five years, and the requirement that the BHC not control, prior to or following the proposed acquisition, more than 10 of the total amount of deposits of insured depository institutions nationwide or, unless the acquisition is the bank holding company s initial entry into the state, more than 30 of such deposits in the state (or such lesser or greater amount set by the state). The Riegle-Neal Act also authorizes banks to merge across state lines, subject to the same deposit limits noted above, thereby creating interstate branches. Banks are also permitted to acquire and to establish new branches in other states. 
 
 Regulatory Approval. In determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition, federal banking regulators will consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition, financial condition, and future prospects including current and projected capital ratios and levels, the competence, experience, and integrity of management and record of 

compliance with laws and regulations, the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including the acquiring institution s record of compliance under the CRA, the effectiveness of the acquiring institution in combating money laundering activities and the risk to the stability of the United States banking system. 
 
 Dividend Restrictions 
 The Parent is a legal entity separate and distinct from its subsidiary banks and other subsidiaries. A significant source of funds to pay dividends on our common and preferred stock and principal and interest on our debt is dividends from the Parent s subsidiaries. Various federal and state statutory provisions and regulations limit the amount of dividends the Parent s subsidiary banks and certain other subsidiaries may pay without regulatory approval. Federal banking regulators have the authority to prohibit the Parent s subsidiary banks from engaging in unsafe or unsound practices in conducting their businesses. The payment of dividends, depending on the financial condition of the bank in question, could be deemed an unsafe or unsound practice. Similarly, as part of their supervisory authority, regulators may limit or restrict subsidiary capital distributions. The ability of the Parent s subsidiary banks to pay dividends in the future is currently, and could be further, influenced by bank regulatory policies and capital requirements. For information about the restrictions applicable to the Parent s subsidiary banks, see 
 Note 26 (Regulatory Capital Requirements and Other Restrictions) to Financial Statements in the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders. 
 Furthermore, under a Support Agreement dated June 28, 2017, as amended and restated on June 26, 2019 (the Support Agreement ), among the Parent, WFC Holdings, LLC, an intermediate holding company and subsidiary of the Parent (the IHC ), Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC, and certain other subsidiaries of the Parent designated from time to time as material entities for resolution planning purposes or identified from time to time as related support entities in our resolution plan, the IHC may be restricted from making dividend payments to the Parent if certain liquidity and/or capital metrics fall below defined triggers, or if the Parent s board of directors authorizes it to file a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Any such restriction could materially and adversely impact the Parent s liquidity and its ability to satisfy its debt and other obligations, as well as its ability to make dividend payments on its common and preferred stock. See the Regulatory Matters and Risk Factors sections of the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders for additional information on the Support Agreement. 
 In addition to these restrictions on the ability of our subsidiary banks to pay dividends to us, the FRB requires large BHCs, including Wells Fargo, to submit annual capital plans describing planned capital distributions, such as the payment of dividends. Large BHCs, like Wells Fargo, and their insured depository institutions also must comply with various capital requirements, including the reforms known as Basel III, as well as rules that establish leverage and supplementary leverage ratio requirements. We are also subject to the FRB's rule implementing an additional capital surcharge on those U.S. banking organizations, such as the Company, that are designated as global systemically important banks (G-SIBs). The failure to meet any of these requirements could result in limitations or restrictions on our ability to make capital distributions. 
 In addition, the FRB s enhanced supervision regulations for large BHCs, like Wells Fargo, impose capital distribution restrictions, including on the payment of dividends, upon the 

3 

occurrence of capital, stress test, risk management, or liquidity risk management triggers. For more information on regulations or arrangements that may impose capital distribution restrictions on the Company and its subsidiaries, see the Capital Management, Regulatory Matters and Risk Factors sections of the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders. 
 
 Holding Company Structure 
 Transfer of Funds from Subsidiary Banks. The Parent s subsidiary banks are subject to restrictions under federal law that limit the transfer of funds or other assets from such subsidiaries to the Parent and its nonbank subsidiaries (including affiliates) in so-called covered transactions. In general, covered transactions include loans and other extensions of credit, investments and asset purchases, as well as certain other transactions involving the transfer of value from a subsidiary bank to an affiliate or for the benefit of an affiliate. Unless an exemption applies, covered transactions by a subsidiary bank with a single affiliate are limited to 10 of the subsidiary bank s capital and surplus and, with respect to all covered transactions with affiliates in the aggregate, to 20 of the subsidiary bank s capital and surplus. Also, loans and extensions of credit to affiliates generally must be secured by qualifying collateral. A bank s transactions with its nonbank affiliates are also generally required to be on arm s length terms. The Company is also subject to lending limits and qualitative requirements on loans to executive officers, directors and principal shareholders of the Parent and its subsidiary banks. 
 
 Source of Strength. The FRB has a policy that a BHC is expected to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to each of its subsidiary banks and, under appropriate circumstances, to commit resources to support each such subsidiary bank. This support may be required at times when the BHC may not have the resources to provide the support. 
 The OCC may order an assessment of the Parent if the capital of one of its national bank subsidiaries were to become impaired. If the Parent failed to pay the assessment within three months, the OCC could order the sale of the Parent s stock in the national bank to cover the deficiency. 
 
 Depositor Preference. In the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of deposits payable in the United States (including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors) and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution. If an insured depository institution fails, claims of insured and uninsured U.S. depositors, along with claims of the FDIC, will have priority in payment ahead of unsecured creditors, including the Parent, and depositors whose deposits are solely payable at such insured depository institution s non-U.S. offices. 
 
 Liability of Commonly Controlled Institutions. The Company s subsidiaries include banks in the U.S., such as Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., that are insured by the FDIC. Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, insured depository institutions can be held liable for any loss incurred, or reasonably expected to be incurred, by the FDIC due to the default of an insured depository institution controlled by the same BHC, and for any assistance provided by the FDIC to an insured depository institution that is in danger of default and that is controlled by the same BHC. Default means generally the appointment of a conservator or receiver. In danger of default means generally the existence of certain conditions indicating that a default is likely to occur in the absence of regulatory assistance. 

Dodd-Frank Act 
 The Dodd-Frank Act and the numerous rules to implement its provisions have resulted in enhanced regulation and supervision of large BHCs, such as Wells Fargo. This includes, among other things, rules to promote financial stability and prevent or mitigate the risks that may arise from the material distress or failure of a large BHC; enhance consumer protections; prohibit proprietary trading; and implement enhanced prudential requirements for large BHCs regarding risk-based capital and leverage, risk and liquidity management, stress testing, and recovery and resolution planning. The Dodd-Frank Act, including current and future rules implementing its provisions and the interpretation of those rules, has affected, and we expect will continue to affect, most of our businesses in some way, either directly through regulation of specific activities or indirectly through regulation of concentration risks, capital or liquidity. For more information about the Dodd-Frank Act and its effect on our business, see the Regulatory Matters and Risk Factors sections of the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders. 
 
 Capital and Liquidity Requirements and Capital Planning 
 The Company and each of our insured depository institutions are subject to various regulatory capital adequacy and liquidity requirements administered by federal banking regulators. The capital rules, among other things, establish required minimum ratios relating capital to different categories of assets and exposures. Federal banking regulators have also imposed a leverage ratio and supplementary leverage ratio on large BHCs, like Wells Fargo, and their insured depository institutions, as well as a liquidity coverage ratio and a net stable funding ratio. The FRB has also finalized rules to address the amount of equity and unsecured long-term debt a G-SIB must hold to improve its resolvability and resiliency, often referred to as total loss absorbing capacity. 
 From time to time, federal banking regulators propose changes and amendments to, and issue interpretations of, risk-based capital requirements and related reporting instructions. In addition, the FRB closely monitors capital levels of the institutions it supervises and may require such institutions to modify capital levels based on FRB determinations. Such determinations, proposals or interpretations could, if implemented in the future, affect our reported capital ratios and net risk-adjusted assets. 
 As an additional means to identify problems in the financial management of depository institutions, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (FDI Act) requires federal banking regulators to establish certain non-capital safety and soundness standards for institutions for which they are the primary federal regulator. The standards relate generally to operations and management, asset quality, interest rate exposure, executive compensation and risk management. Federal banking regulators are authorized to take action against institutions that fail to meet such standards. 
 The FDI Act requires federal banking regulators to take prompt corrective action with respect to FDIC-insured depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. A depository institution s treatment for purposes of the prompt corrective action provisions will depend upon how its capital levels compare to various capital measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation. 
 In addition, the FRB s capital plan rule establishes capital planning and other requirements that govern capital distributions, including dividends and share repurchases, by certain BHCs, including Wells Fargo. Federal banking regulators also require stress tests to evaluate whether an institution has 

4 

sufficient capital to continue to operate during periods of adverse economic and financial conditions. 
 For more information on our capital requirements and planning, see the Capital Management section of the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders. 
 
 Deposit Insurance Assessments 
 The Company s subsidiaries include banks, such as Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., that are insured by the FDIC. Through the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) maintained by the FDIC, the FDIC insures the deposits of our insured banks up to prescribed limits for each depositor and funds the DIF through assessments on member banks. To maintain the DIF, member institutions are assessed an insurance premium based on an assessment base and an assessment rate. 
 The FDIC has adopted a comprehensive, long-range plan for DIF management, targeting a designated reserve ratio of 2 . For more information about our FDIC deposit assessment expense, see Note 21 Revenue and Expenses) to Financial Statements in the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders. 
 The FDIC may terminate a depository institution s deposit insurance upon a finding that the institution s financial condition is unsafe or unsound or that the institution or its directors have engaged in unsafe or unsound practices or have violated any applicable law, regulation, order or condition enacted or imposed by the institution s regulatory agency. The termination of deposit insurance for one or more of our bank subsidiaries could result in a significant loss of deposits and have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and earnings, depending on the collective size of the particular banks involved. 
 
 Fiscal and Monetary Policies 
 Our business and earnings are affected significantly by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and its agencies. We are particularly affected by the monetary policies of the FRB, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. Among the instruments of monetary policy available to the FRB are (a) conducting open market operations in United States government securities, (b) changing the discount rates of borrowings of depository institutions, (c) imposing or changing reserve requirements against depository institutions deposits, and (d) imposing or changing reserve requirements against certain borrowings by banks and their affiliates. These methods are used in varying degrees and combinations to directly affect the availability of bank loans and deposits, as well as the interest rates charged on loans and paid on deposits. The policies of the FRB may have a material effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Privacy Provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and Restrictions on Affiliate Marketing 
 Federal banking regulators, as required under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLB Act), have adopted rules limiting the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose nonpublic information about consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. The rules require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to nonaffiliated third parties. The privacy provisions of the GLB Act affect how consumer information is transmitted through diversified financial services companies and conveyed to outside vendors. Federal financial regulators have issued regulations under the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act that have the effect of increasing the length of the waiting period, after privacy disclosures are provided to new customers, before information can be shared 

among different affiliated companies for the purpose of marketing products and services by those affiliated companies. 
 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley) implemented a broad range of corporate governance and accounting measures designed to increase corporate responsibility, provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly traded companies, and protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of disclosures under federal securities laws. We are subject to Sarbanes-Oxley because we are required to file periodic reports with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Among other things, Sarbanes-Oxley and/or its implementing regulations established membership requirements and additional responsibilities for our audit committee, imposed restrictions on the relationship between us and our outside auditors (including restrictions on the types of non-audit services our auditors may provide to us), imposed additional responsibilities for our external financial statements on our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, expanded the disclosure requirements for our corporate insiders, required our management to evaluate our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting, and required our independent registered public accounting firm to issue a report on our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 USA PATRIOT Act 
 The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act) is intended to strengthen the ability of U.S. law enforcement agencies and intelligence communities to work together to combat terrorism on a variety of fronts. The USA PATRIOT Act has significant implications for depository institutions, brokers, dealers and other businesses involved in the transfer of money. The USA PATRIOT Act requires the implementation of policies and procedures relating to anti money laundering, economic sanctions, suspicious activities, and currency transaction reporting and due diligence on customers. The USA PATRIOT Act also requires federal banking regulators to evaluate the effectiveness of an applicant in combating money laundering in determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition. 
 
 Future Legislation or Regulation 
 Economic, market and political conditions during the past several years have led to a significant amount of legislation and regulation in the U.S. and abroad affecting the financial services industry, as well as heightened expectations and scrutiny of financial services companies from banking regulators. Further legislative changes and additional regulations may change our operating environment in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such legislation and regulations could increase our cost of doing business, affect our compensation structure, restrict or expand the activities in which we may engage or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other financial institutions. We cannot predict whether future legislative proposals will be enacted and, if enacted, the effect that they, or any implementing regulations, would have on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

5 

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 Additional information in response to this Item 1 can be found in the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders under Financial Review and under Financial Statements. That information is incorporated into this item by reference. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Information in response to this Item 1A can be found in this report under Item 1 and in the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders under Financial Review Risk Factors. That information is incorporated into this item by reference. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 Information in response to this Item 1C can be found in the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders under Financial Review Risk Management Operational Risk Management. That information is incorporated into this item by reference. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 December 31, 2023 Approximate square footage (in millions) We occupy properties in: Top U.S. locations: 
 Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia, NC-SC 6.6 Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, MN-WI 4.0 New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 2.9 Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim, CA 2.8 Phoenix-Mesa-Chandler, AZ 2.8 San Francisco-Oakland-Berkeley, CA metro area (including corporate headquarters in San Francisco) 
 2.4 Des Moines-West Des Moines, IA 2.2 St. Louis, MO-IL 1.9 Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 1.5 Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 1.3 Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach, FL 1.2 All other U.S. locations 30.0 Total United States 59.6 Top International locations: 
 India 3.6 Philippines 1.3 United Kingdom 0.2 All other international locations 0.4 Total International 5.5 Total square footage of property occupied for business operations (1) 65.1 
 (1) In addition to the total square footage of property occupied, Wells Fargo held 5.7 million square feet of real estate as of December 31, 2023, that was vacant pending disposition, leased to retail tenants or leased-to-term by third-party office tenants. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we provided a diversified set of banking, investment and mortgage products and services, as well as consumer and commercial finance, through banking locations and offices under ownership and lease agreements. The locations and offices occupied by the Company are used across all of our reportable operating segments and for corporate purposes. We continue to evaluate our owned and leased properties and may determine from time to time that certain of our properties are no longer necessary for our operations. There is no assurance that we will be able to dispose of any excess properties or that we will not incur charges in connection with such dispositions, which could be material to our operating results in a given period. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Information in response to this Item 3 can be found in the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders under Financial Statements Notes to Financial Statements Note 13 (Legal Actions). That information is incorporated into this item by reference. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

6 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 MARKET INFORMATION 
 The Company s common stock is listed on the NYSE (symbol WFC ). The Stock Performance section of the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders provides stockholder return comparisons and is incorporated herein by reference. At February 9, 2024, there were 218,547 holders of record of the Company s common stock. 

DIVIDENDS 
 The dividend restrictions discussions in the Regulation and Supervision Dividend Restrictions section under Item 1 of this report and in the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders under Financial Statements Notes to Financial Statements Note 26 (Regulatory Capital Requirements and Other Restrictions) are incorporated into this item by reference. 
 REPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The information in the Capital Management Securities Repurchases section in the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders is incorporated into this item by reference. 
 The following table shows Company repurchases of its common stock for each calendar month in the quarter ended December 31, 2023. 

Calendar month 
 Total number of shares repurchased (1) Weighted average 
 price paid per share 
 Approximate dollar 
 value of shares that 
 may yet be 
 repurchased under 
 the authorization 
 (in millions) 
 October 12,114,730 41.41 28,570 November 6,004,463 42.88 28,313 December 33,566,310 47.40 26,722 Total 51,685,503 
 (1) All shares were repurchased under an authorization covering up to 30 billion of common stock approved by the Board of Directors and publicly announced by the Company on July 25, 2023. Unless modified or revoked by the Board of Directors, this authorization does not expire. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Information in response to this Item 7 can be found in the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders under Financial Review. That information is incorporated into this item by reference. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Information in response to this Item 7A can be found in the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders under Financial Review Risk Management Asset/Liability Management. That information is incorporated into this item by reference. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Information in response to this Item 8 can be found in the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders under Financial Statements, under Notes to Financial Statements and under Quarterly Financial Data. That information is incorporated into this item by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Information in response to this Item 9A can be found in the 
 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders under Controls and Procedures. That information is incorporated into this item by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 TRADING PLANS 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2023, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) of the Company adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 

7 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 Muneera S. Carr (age 55) 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller since March 2020; 
 Executive Vice President and Controller from January 2020 to March 2020; 
 Executive Vice President from February 2013 to October 2019 and Chief Financial Officer from January 2018 to October 2019 at Comerica, Incorporated, a financial services company. 
 Ms. Carr has served with the Company for 4 years. 
 
 William M. Daley (age 75) 
 Vice Chairman of Public Affairs from November 2019 to September 2023 and since October 2023; 
 Vice Chairman and a member of the Executive Committee at Bank of New York Mellon, a financial services company, from June 2019 to October 2019; 
 Managing Partner at Argentiere Capital, an investment management firm, from May 2014 to June 2019. 
 Mr. Daley has served with the Company for 4 years. 
 
 Kristy Fercho (age 57) 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Diverse Segments, Representation and Inclusion since October 2022; 
 Executive Vice President and Head of Home Lending from July 2020 to April 2023; 
 President of the Mortgage Division at Flagstar Bancorp, Inc., a financial services company, from August 2017 to July 2020. 
 Ms. Fercho has served with the Company for 3 years. 
 
 Derek A. Flowers (age 52) 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer since January 2022; 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Strategic Execution and Operations from June 2019 to January 2022; 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Credit and Market Risk Officer from July 2016 to June 2019. 
 Mr. Flowers has served with the Company or its predecessors for 25 years. 
 
 Kyle G. Hranicky (age 54) 
 Senior Executive Vice President and CEO of Commercial Banking since September 2021; 
 Executive Vice President and Head of Wells Fargo Middle Market Banking from August 2018 to September 2021. 
 Mr. Hranicky has served with the Company or its predecessors for 29 years. 
 
 Tracy Kerrins (age 47) 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Technology since May 2023; 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer for Consumer Technology and Enterprise Functions Technology from October 2019 to May 2023; 
 Chief Operations and Technology Officer at Antares Capital, a financial services company, from July 2018 to September 2019. 
 Ms. Kerrins has served with the Company for 4 years. 
 
 Bei Ling (age 53) 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Human Resources since October 2021; 
 Managing Director, Human Resources at JPMorgan Chase Co., a financial services company, from April 2013 to September 2021. 
 Ms. Ling has served with the Company for 2 years. 
 
 Ellen R. Patterson (age 50) 
 Senior Executive Vice President and General Counsel since March 2020; 
 Group Head, General Counsel at The Toronto-Dominion Bank, a financial services company, from November 2017 to March 2020. 
 Ms. Patterson has served with the Company for 3 years. 
 
 Scott E. Powell (age 61) 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since December 2019; 
 President and Chief Executive Officer of Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc., a financial services company, from August 2017 to December 2019; 
 Senior Executive Vice President of Santander Bank, N.A., a financial services company, from August 2017 to December 2019; 
 President and Chief Executive Officer of Santander Holdings USA Inc., a financial services company, from March 2015 to December 2019. 
 Mr. Powell has served with the Company for 4 years. 
 8 

Michael P. Santomassimo (age 48) 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since October 2020; 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Bank of New York Mellon, a financial services company, from January 2018 to July 2020. 
 Mr. Santomassimo has served with the Company for 3 years. 
 
 Kleber R. Santos (age 50) 
 Senior Executive Vice President and CEO of Consumer Lending since July 2022; 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Diverse Segments, Representation and Inclusion from November 2020 to October 2022; 
 President, Retail and Direct Banking at Capital One Financial Corporation, a financial services company, from March 2017 to October 2020. 
 Mr. Santos has served with the Company for 3 years. 
 
 Charles W. Scharf (age 58) 
 Chief Executive Officer and President since October 2019; 
 Chief Executive Officer of Bank of New York Mellon, a financial services company, from July 2017 to September 2019. 
 Mr. Scharf has served with the Company for 4 years. 
 
 Barry Sommers (age 54) 
 Senior Executive Vice President and CEO of Wealth and Investment Management since June 2020; 
 Chief Executive Officer of Wealth Management at JPMorgan Chase Co., a financial services company, from September 2016 to April 2019. 
 Mr. Sommers has served with the Company for 3 years. 
 
 Saul Van Beurden (age 54) 
 Senior Executive Vice President and CEO of Consumer, Small and Business Banking since May 2023; 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Technology from April 2019 to May 2023; 
 Chief Information Officer of Consumer and Community Banking at JPMorgan Chase Co., a financial services company, from August 2016 to January 2019. 
 Mr. Van Beurden has served with the Company for 4 years. 
 
 Jonathan G. Weiss (age 66) 
 Senior Executive Vice President and CEO of Corporate and Investment Banking since February 2020; 
 Interim CEO of Wealth and Investment Management from February 2020 to June 2020; 
 Senior Executive Vice President (Wealth and Investment Management) from July 2017 to February 2020. 
 Mr. Weiss has served with the Company for 18 years. 
 
 Ather Williams III (age 53) 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Strategy, Digital Platform, and Innovation since October 2020; 
 Managing Director, Head of Business Banking at Bank of America Corporation, a financial services company, from September 2017 to July 2020. 
 Mr. Williams has served with the Company for 3 years. 
 
 There is no family relationship between any of the Company s executive officers or directors. All executive officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 
 
 AUDIT COMMITTEE INFORMATION 
 The Audit Committee is a standing audit committee of the Board of Directors established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Committee has four members: Mark A. Chancy, Theodore F. Craver, Jr. (Chair), CeCelia G. Morken, and Ronald L. Sargent. Each member is independent, as independence for audit committee members is defined by NYSE rules. The Board of Directors has determined, in its business judgment, that each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate, as required by NYSE rules, and that Messrs. Chancy, Craver, Jr., and Sargent each qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined by SEC regulations. 

CODE OF CONDUCT 
 The Company s Code of Conduct applicable to employees (including executive officers) as well as directors, the Company s corporate governance guidelines, and the charters for the Audit, Governance and Nominating, Human Resources, Corporate Responsibility, Finance, and Risk Committees are available at www.wellsfargo.com/about/corporate/governance . We intend to post on our website any amendments to, or waivers from, a provision of the Code of Conduct that applies to our directors or executive officers. 

9 

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 Additional information with respect to our directors, executive officers, and corporate governance in response to this Item 10 will be in the Company s 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated into this item by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information with respect to our executive officer and director compensation and with respect to the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors in response to this Item 11 will be in the Company s 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated into this item by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 The following table provides information about our equity compensation plans in effect on December 31, 2023, separately aggregated for plans approved by shareholders and for plans not approved by shareholders. A description of the material features of each equity compensation plan not approved by shareholders follows the table. All outstanding awards relate to shares of our common stock. Information is as of December 31, 2023, unless otherwise indicated. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information (a) (b) (c) Plan category # of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) # of shares remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 66,834,666 (2) 0.00 103,265,133 (3) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 4,264,741 (4) NA 1,993,916 (5) Total 71,099,407 0.00 105,259,049 

(1) Does not reflect restricted share rights (RSRs), restricted share units (RSUs), performance share awards or deferred compensation benefits because they have no exercise price. 
 (2) For the Wells Fargo Company 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (2022 LTIP) and its predecessor the Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (LTICP), consists of 59,547,247 shares subject to RSRs, and a maximum of 5,960,268 performance shares. For the Supplemental 401(k) Plan, consists of 971,428 shares issuable upon distribution of benefits. For the Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan (Directors Plan), consists of 217,179 shares issuable upon distribution of deferred stock awards, and 138,544 shares issuable upon distribution of deferred compensation benefits. 
 (3) We could have issued the number of shares of our common stock indicated in the following table pursuant to any of the award types listed for the plan or, if indicated for the plan, pursuant to distributions of deferred compensation benefits. No information is provided for the LTICP because no future awards will be made under this plan. 
 (4) This consists of shares of common stock issuable upon distribution of deferred compensation benefits and 509 shares issuable upon distribution related to the Norwest Corporation Directors Formula Stock Award Plan. 
 (5) We could have issued the number of shares of our common stock indicated in the table below captioned Plans not approved by security holders pursuant to distributions of deferred compensation benefits. No information is provided for the Norwest Corporation Directors Formula Stock Award Plan because no future awards or deferrals will be made under this plan and because column (a) reflects all shares issuable under those plans upon exercise or distribution of outstanding awards or deferred compensation benefits. 
 Plans approved by security holders # of shares remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding # of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights) Award types 2022 LTIP 101,470,398 Stock, restricted stock, RSRs, performance shares, performance units Supplemental 401(k) Plan 1,693,770 Deferral distribution Directors Plan 100,965 Stock options, deferral distribution Total 103,265,133 Plans not approved by security holders # of shares remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans Award types Deferred Compensation Plan 1,853,363 Deferral distribution Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan for Independent Contractors 140,553 Deferral distribution Total 1,993,916 

10 

Material Features of Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Shareholders 
 
 Deferred Compensation Plan . Under the Deferred Compensation Plan, eligible employees may defer receipt of salary, bonuses and certain other compensation subject to the terms of the plan. Deferral elections are irrevocable once made except for limited re-deferral opportunities. We treat amounts deferred by a participant as if invested in the earnings options selected by the participant, and determine the deferred compensation benefit payable to the participant based on the performance of those earnings options. The plan offers a number of earnings options, including one based on our common stock with dividends reinvested. We generally distribute amounts allocated to the common stock option in shares of common stock. Participants have no direct interest in any of the earnings options and are general unsecured creditors of the Company with respect to their deferred compensation benefits under the plan. 
 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan for Independent Contractors . Under the Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan for Independent Contractors participants who performed qualifying investment or other financial services for participating affiliates as independent contractors were able to defer all or part of their eligible compensation payable to them by the affiliate subject to the terms of the plan. Deferral elections were irrevocable once made. Amounts deferred by a participant were treated as if invested in the earnings options selected by the participant, which determine the deferred compensation benefit payable to the participant. The plan offered a number of earnings options, including one based on our common stock with dividends reinvested. We generally distribute amounts allocated to the common stock option in shares of common stock. No future deferrals may be made under this plan and participants may no longer reallocate their existing account balances under the plan among different investment options. Shares remaining available for issuance under the plan consist of shares issuable as a result of amounts credited to participant accounts denominated in our common stock to reflect cash dividends paid on the common stock. The plan is sponsored by a wholly owned subsidiary, WF Deferred Compensation Holdings, Inc. We have guaranteed its obligations under the plan. Participants have no direct interest in any of the earnings options and are general unsecured creditors of the plan sponsor and the Company with respect to their deferred compensation benefits under the plan. 
 
 Norwest Corporation Directors Formula Stock Award Plan . Under the Norwest Corporation Directors Formula Stock Award Plan we awarded shares of common stock to non-employee directors. The plan allowed participants to defer receipt of all or a portion of their awards, with dividends reinvested, until a future year or years as selected by the participants subject to the terms of the plan. Participants can elect one time to defer commencement of distribution of their deferral accounts if the election is made sufficiently in advance of the original distribution commencement date and the new distribution commencement date is sufficiently beyond the original distribution commencement date. Participants have no direct interest in the shares deferred under the plan and are general unsecured creditors of the Company with respect to payment of their deferred stock awards under the plan. No future stock awards or deferrals may be made under this plan. 

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 Additional information with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners of our common stock and the security ownership of our management in response to this Item 12 will be in the Company s 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated into this item by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information with respect to certain relationships and related transactions and director independence in response to this Item 13 will be in the Company s 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated into this item by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information with respect to principal accountant fees and services in response to this Item 14 will be in the Company s 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated into this item by reference. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 The Company s consolidated financial statements, including the Notes thereto, and the report of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon, are set forth in the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders, and are incorporated into this item by reference. 
 2. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 All financial statement schedules for the Company have been included in the consolidated financial statements or the related footnotes, or are either inapplicable or not required. 

11 

3. EXHIBITS 
 
 A list of exhibits to this Form 10-K is set forth below. Shareholders may obtain a copy of any of the following exhibits, upon payment of a reasonable fee, by writing to Wells Fargo Company, Office of the Corporate Secretary, MAC J0193-610, 30 Hudson Yards, 61st Floor, New York, New York 10001. 
 The Company s SEC file number is 001-2979. On and before November 2, 1998, the Company filed documents with the SEC under the name Norwest Corporation. The former Wells Fargo Company filed documents under SEC file number 001-6214. The former Wachovia Corporation filed documents under SEC file number 001-10000. 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description Location 3(a) Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and in effect on the date hereof. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(a) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 3(b) By-Laws. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 24, 2024. 
 4(a) See Exhibits 3(a) and 3(b). 4(b) The Company agrees to furnish upon request to the Commission a copy of each instrument defining the rights of holders of senior and subordinated debt of the Company. 4(c) Description of Securities. 
 Filed herewith. 10(a) Wells Fargo Company 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 29, 2022. Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (as amended and restated on April 26, 2019). 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 26, 2019. Forms of Performance Share Award Agreement: For grants on or after January 2 3 , 202 4 ; 
 Filed herewith. For grants on or after January 24, 2023; 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 For grants on or after April 27, 2022; 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. For grants on or after January 25, 2022; and 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. For grants on or after January 26, 2021 . 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. Forms of Restricted Share Rights Award Agreement: For grants on or after January 23, 2024; 
 Filed herewith. For grants to non-employee D irectors on or after January 1, 2024; 
 Filed herewith. For grants on or after January 24, 2023; 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 For grants to non-employee D irectors on or after January 1, 2023; 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 12 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description Location For grants on or after April 27, 2022; 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. For grants on or after January 25, 2022; 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. For grants on or after January 26, 2021; and 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. Restricted Share Rights Award Agreement for grant to Charles W. Scharf on October 21, 2019 . 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 25, 2019. 10(b) Wells Fargo Bonus Plan, as amended effective January 1, 202 4 . 
 Filed herewith. Wells Fargo Bonus Plan, as amended effective January 1, 2023 . 
 Filed herewith. 10(c) Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective October 8, 2020. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended effective January 1, 2008. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(f) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan, effective July 1, 2023. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
 Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2022 . 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2021. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan, effective December 31, 2018. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan, effective July 1, 2017. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017. Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2017. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. Amendments to Deferred Compensation Plan, effective August 1, 2016 and January 1, 2017. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2016. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(e) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2015. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014. Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2013. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(e) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2011. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011. 
 13 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 
 Location 
 Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan, effective December 1, 2009. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(f) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. 10(d) Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(f) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007. Amendment to Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan, effective April 1, 2013. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013. Amendment to Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan, effective January 1, 2013. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013. Amendment to Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan, effective January 24, 2012. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(f) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. Amendment to Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan, effective January 25, 2011. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011. Amendment to Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan, effective February 24, 2009. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009. Amendments to Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan, effective September 23, 2008. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008. Amendment to Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan, effective January 22, 2008. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(f) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007. Action of Governance and Nominating Committee Increasing Amount of Formula Stock and Option Awards Under Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan, effective January 1, 2007. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(f) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for grants to D irectors on or before April 29, 2008. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013. 10(e) Deferral Plan for Directors of the former Wells Fargo. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to the former Wells Fargo s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997. Amendment to Deferral Plan, effective January 1, 2004. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2003. 10(f) Supplemental 401(k) Plan. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 4, 2009. Amendment to Supplemental 401(k) Plan, effective July 1, 2023. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
 Amendment to Supplemental 401(k) Plan, effective January 1, 2022. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. Amendment to Supplemental 401(k) Plan, effective January 1, 2021. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(f) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. Amendment to Supplemental 401(k) Plan, effective January 1, 2020. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020. Amendment to Supplemental 401(k) Plan, effective December 31, 2018. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(i) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 14 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 
 Location 
 Amendment to Supplemental 401(k) Plan, effective July 1, 2017. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017. Amendment to Supplemental 401(k) Plan, effective January 1, 2015. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014. 10(g) Supplemental Cash Balance Plan. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 4, 2009. Amendment to Supplemental Cash Balance Plan, effective July 1, 2023. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
 Amendment to Supplemental Cash Balance Plan, effective January 1, 2022 . 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. Amendment to Supplemental Cash Balance Plan, effective January 1, 2020. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020. Amendment to Supplemental Cash Balance Plan, effective February 1, 2019. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(j) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. Amendment to Supplemental Cash Balance Plan, effective December 31, 2018. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(h) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. Amendment to Supplemental Cash Balance Plan, effective July 1, 2017. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(e) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017. 10(h) Supplemental Long-Term Disability Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(f) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1990. Amendment to Supplemental Long-Term Disability Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1992. 10(i) Description of Relocation Program. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(y) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. 10(j) Description of Chairman/CEO Post-Retirement Policy. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(w) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 10(k) Description of the Company s Non-Employee Director Compensation Program, effective April 1, 2022. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(f) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. 10(l) Description of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Non-Employee Director Compensation Program, effective April 1, 2022. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. 10(m) Amended and Restated Wachovia Corporation Elective Deferral Plan (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009). 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10)(a) to Wachovia Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 29, 2008. Amendment to the Wachovia Savings Restoration Plan, effective July 1, 2023. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
 Amendment to Wachovia Corporation Elective Deferral Plan, effective January 1, 2022. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. Amendment to Elective Deferral Plan, effective January 1, 2020. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(m) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 15 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 
 Location 
 Amendment to Elective Deferral Plan, effective December 31, 2018. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(m) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. Amendment to Elective Deferral Plan, effective July 1, 2017. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(m) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. Amendment to Elective Deferral Plan, effective August 1, 2016. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(m) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. Amendment to Elective Deferral Plan, effective June 21, 2013. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(m) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. Amendment to Elective Deferral Plan, effective December 14, 2012. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(m) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 10(n) Wachovia Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10)(d) to Wachovia Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997. 
 10(o) Wachovia Corporation Supplemental Executive Long-Term Disability Plan, as amended and restated. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (99) to Wachovia Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 5, 2005. 
 10(p) Amended and Restated Wachovia Corporation Savings Restoration Plan. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to Wachovia Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 29, 2008. Wachovia Corporation Savings Restoration Plan. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(gg) to Wachovia Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002. 
 Amendment to Wachovia Corporation Savings Restoration Plan, effective January 1, 2022. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(e) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. Amendment to Wachovia Corporation Savings Restoration Plan, effective January 1, 2020. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020. Amendment to Wachovia Corporation Savings Restoration Plan, effective December 31, 2018. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(s) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. Amendment to Wachovia Corporation Savings Restoration Plan, effective July 1, 2017. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(f) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017. Amendments to Wachovia Corporation Savings Restoration Plan, effective August 1, 2016. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. Amendment 2008-1 to Wachovia Corporation Savings Restoration Plan. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to Wachovia Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 29, 2008. 
 Amendment 2007-1 to Wachovia Corporation Savings Restoration Plan. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to Wachovia Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 20, 2007. 
 10(q) Amended and Restated SouthTrust Corporation Additional Retirement Benefit Plan (Pension) effective July 15, 1992, Addendum thereto dated April 20, 1994, and Amendment 2008-1 thereto dated December 29, 2008. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(bb) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. 10(r) Key/Specified Employee Policy. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(v) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 10(s) Offer Letter to Charles W. Scharf, dated September 26, 2019. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 27, 2019. 
 16 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description Location 13 202 3 Annual Report to Shareholders. 
 Filed herewith. 21 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 Filed herewith. 22 Subsidiary guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities and affiliates whose securities collateralize securities of the registrant. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 22 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023. 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 Filed herewith. 24 Powers of Attorney. 
 Filed herewith. 31(a) Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed herewith. 31(b) Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed herewith. 32(a) Certification of Periodic Financial Report by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 Furnished herewith. 32(b) Certification of Periodic Financial Report by Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 Furnished herewith. 97 
 Wells Fargo Company Mandatory Clawback Policy, effective as of October 2, 2023. 
 Filed herewith. 99 Description of Replacement Capital Covenants of Wells Fargo . 
 Filed herewith. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. Filed herewith. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. Filed herewith. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. Filed herewith. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. Filed herewith. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document. Filed herewith. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File. Formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 

17 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 20, 2024. 
 
 WELLS FARGO COMPANY 
 
 By: /s/ CHARLES W. SCHARF Charles W. Scharf President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 By: /s/ CHARLES W. SCHARF Charles W. Scharf President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 20, 2024 
 
 By: /s/ MICHAEL P. SANTOMASSIMO Michael P. Santomassimo Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 20, 2024 
 
 By: /s/ MUNEERA S. CARR Muneera S. Carr Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) February 20, 2024 

The Directors of Wells Fargo Company listed below have duly executed powers of attorney empowering Steven D. Black to sign this document on their behalf. 
 
 Steven D. Black Richard K. Davis Maria R. Morris Ronald L. Sargent Mark A. Chancy Wayne M. Hewett Felicia F. Norwood Charles W. Scharf Celeste A. Clark CeCelia G. Morken Richard B. Payne, Jr. Suzanne M. Vautrinot Theodore F. Craver, Jr. 
 
 By: /s/ STEVEN D. BLACK Steven D. Black Director and Attorney-in-fact February 20, 2024 

18 

<EX-4.C>
 2
 wfc-1231x2023xex4c.htm
 EXHIBIT-4.C

Document 

Exhibit 4(c) 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK, PREFERRED STOCK AND DEPOSITARY SHARES 
 
 The following description of our common stock, preferred stock and depositary shares is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, and by-laws, as amended, each of which is either filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this exhibit is filed, and applicable Delaware law. References to we , our and us in this description mean Wells Fargo & Company. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 
 This section describes the general terms and provisions of the shares of our common stock. 
 
 Authorized Shares. We are authorized to issue up to 9,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 1-2 3 per share. 
 
 Listing . Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol WFC. Equiniti Trust Company, LLC serves as the transfer agent and registrar for the common stock. 
 
 Dividends . Holders of common stock may receive dividends if, when and as declared by our board of directors out of our funds that we can legally use to pay dividends. We may pay dividends in cash, stock or other property. In certain cases, holders of common stock may not receive dividends until we have satisfied our obligations to any holders of outstanding preferred stock. 
 
 Voting Rights . Holders of common stock have the exclusive power to vote on all matters presented to our stockholders unless Delaware law or the certificate of designation for an outstanding series of preferred stock gives the holders of that preferred stock the right to vote on certain matters. Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote per share. Holders of common stock have no cumulative voting rights for the election of directors. This means a holder of a single share of common stock cannot cast more than one vote for each position to be filled on our board of directors. 
 
 Other Rights . If we voluntarily or involuntarily liquidate, dissolve or wind up our business, holders of common stock will receive pro rata, according to shares held by them, any of our remaining assets available for distribution to stockholders after we have provided for payment of all debts and other liabilities, including any liquidation preference for outstanding shares of preferred stock. When we issue securities in the future, holders of common stock have no preemptive rights. This means the holders of common stock have no right, as holders of common stock, to buy any portion of those issued securities. Holders of our common stock have no rights to have their shares of common stock redeemed by us or to convert their shares of common stock into shares of any other class of our capital stock. 
 
 Fully Paid . The outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. This means the full purchase price for the outstanding shares of common stock has been paid and the holders of such shares will not be assessed any additional amounts for such shares. 
 
 Restrictions on Payment of Dividends 
 
 We are incorporated in Delaware and are governed by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Delaware law allows a corporation to pay dividends only out of surplus, as determined under Delaware law, or, if there is no surplus, out of net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend was declared and for the preceding fiscal year. However, under Delaware law, we cannot pay dividends out of net profits if, after we pay the dividend, our capital would be less than the capital represented by the outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of our assets. 
 
 1 

As a bank holding company, our ability to pay dividends is affected by the ability of our bank and non-bank subsidiaries to pay dividends to us. Various federal laws limit the amount of dividends our national bank subsidiaries can pay to us without regulatory approval. State-chartered banks are subject to state regulations that limit dividends. 
 
 The terms of our outstanding junior subordinated debt securities prohibit us from declaring or paying any dividends or distributions on our capital stock, including our common stock, or purchasing, acquiring, or making a liquidation payment on such stock, if an event of default has occurred and is continuing under the applicable indenture or we have given notice of our election to defer interest payments but the related deferral period has not yet commenced or a deferral period is continuing. In addition, the terms of each of our outstanding series of preferred stock prohibit us from declaring or paying any dividends or distributions on our common stock unless accrued and unpaid dividends have been paid. 
 
 Anti-takeover Provisions Contained in the Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws 
 
 Certain provisions of Delaware law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us or have the effect of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire control of us. For example, we are subject to Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which would make it more difficult for another party to acquire us without the approval of our board of directors. Certain provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, may make it less likely that our management would be changed or someone would acquire voting control of our company without our board s consent. These provisions may delay, deter or prevent tender offers or takeover attempts that stockholders may believe are in their best interests, including tender offers or attempts that might allow stockholders to receive premiums over the market price of their common stock. 
 
 Preferred Stock . Our board of directors can at any time, under our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, and without stockholder approval, issue one or more new series of preferred stock. In some cases, the issuance of preferred stock without stockholder approval could discourage or make more difficult attempts to take control of our company through a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. Preferred stock with special voting rights or other features issued to persons favoring our management could stop a takeover by preventing the person trying to take control of our company from acquiring enough voting shares necessary to take control. 
 
 Nomination Procedures . In addition to our board of directors, stockholders can nominate candidates for election to our board of directors. However, a stockholder must follow the advance notice procedures described in Section 3.11 of our by-laws, as amended. In general, a stockholder must deliver a written notice of the nomination to our chief executive officer and our corporate secretary at least 90 days but not more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting for consideration at an annual meeting or, for consideration at a special meeting, at least 90 days but not more than 120 days prior to the date of such meeting or, if our first public announcement of the date of such special meeting is less than 100 days prior to the date of such special meeting, then during the 10 days following our public announcement. Subject to all of the terms and conditions specified in the by-laws, as amended, an eligible stockholder (or a group of up to 20 eligible stockholders) who has continuously owned for three years at least three percent of our outstanding shares may also nominate and include in our proxy materials nominees constituting up to the greater of two directors and 20 percent of the board of directors. A stockholder must deliver written notice of the proxy access nomination to our corporate secretary at least 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the filing date of our definitive proxy statement for the preceding year s annual meeting and no earlier than 150 days prior to such date. 
 
 Proposal Procedures. Stockholders can propose that business other than nominations to our board of directors be considered at an annual meeting of stockholders only if a stockholder follows the advance notice procedures described in our by-laws, as amended. In general, a stockholder must submit a written notice of the proposal and the stockholder s interest in the proposal to our chief executive officer and our corporate secretary at least 90 days but not more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting. Stockholders seeking to have a stockholder proposal considered for inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-8 of the federal proxy rules. 
 
 Stockholder Requested Special Meetings. Our by-laws, as amended, provide procedures pursuant to which record holders of not less than 20 percent of the voting power of issued and outstanding shares of our common stock may request that the board of directors call a special meeting of stockholders. Our by-laws, as amended, impose certain informational and procedural requirements on stockholders requesting such a meeting (including the provision of the same information required by the advance notice procedures 
 2 

described in Section 3.11 of our by-laws), as well as provisions designed to avoid the calling of a special meeting to conduct the same or similar business that was recently addressed or soon will be addressed at another stockholder meeting or that would be held close in time to our annual meeting. 
 
 Amendment of By-laws . Under our by-laws, as amended, and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, our board of directors can adopt, amend or repeal the by-laws, subject to limitations under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or in the by-laws, as amended. Under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, our stockholders also have the power to change or repeal our by-laws. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 This section describes the general terms and provisions of our preferred stock and related depositary shares. 
 
 General . Pursuant to our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, our board of directors has the authority, without further stockholder action, to issue a maximum of 24,000,000 shares of preferred stock, consisting of a maximum of 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock without par value and a maximum of 4,000,000 shares of preference stock without par value. Our board of directors has the authority to determine or fix the following terms with respect to shares of any series of preferred stock the number of shares and designation or title of the shares dividend rights whether and upon what terms the shares will be redeemable the rights of the holders upon our dissolution or upon the distribution of our assets whether and upon what terms the shares will have a purchase, retirement or sinking fund whether and upon what terms the shares will be convertible the voting rights, if any, which will apply provided, however, that holders of preference stock will not be entitled to more than one vote per share and any other preferences, rights, limitations or restrictions of the series. 
 
 Series L Preferred Stock . Our Series L preferred ranks senior to our common stock and to any other securities that we may issue in the future that are subordinate to the Series L preferred stock. 
 
 Dividends on shares of our Series L preferred stock are not cumulative. Holders of the Series L preferred stock are entitled to receive, if, as and when declared by our board of directors out of legally available assets, non-cumulative cash dividends on the Liquidation Preference, which is 1,000 per share of our Series L preferred stock. These dividends are payable at a rate per annum equal to 7.50 , quarterly in arrears on each March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15, each a Dividend Payment Date , from and including the date of issuance. The right of holders of our Series L preferred stock to receive dividends is non-cumulative. 
 
 When dividends are not paid in full upon the Series L preferred stock and any parity stock, all dividends upon shares of the Series L preferred stock and such parity stock will be declared on a proportional basis, based upon the ratio of the amount of dividends declared on each series to the amount that if declared would be full dividends (including accrued and unpaid dividends as to any parity stock that bears dividends on a cumulative basis) through the next succeeding applicable dividend payment date. 
 
 Our Series L preferred stock is not redeemable and is not subject to any sinking fund or other obligation to redeem, repurchase or retire the Series L preferred stock. 
 
 Each share of our Series L preferred stock may be converted at any time, at the option of the holder, into 6.3814 shares of our common stock plus cash in lieu of fractional shares, subject to anti-dilution adjustments (such rate or adjusted rate, the conversion rate ). 
 
 On or after March 15, 2013, we may, at our option, at any time or from time to time cause some or all of the Series L preferred stock to be converted into shares of our common stock at the then applicable conversion rate if, for 20 trading days within any period of 30 consecutive trading days, including the last trading day of such period, the closing price of our common stock exceeds 130 of the then applicable conversion price of the Series L preferred stock. We will provide notice of our decision to exercise our right to cause the mandatory conversion within three trading days of the end of the 30 consecutive trading day period. The applicable conversion price at any given time will be computed by dividing 1,000 by the applicable conversion rate at such time. 
 
 3 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no holder of our Series L preferred stock will be entitled to receive shares of our common stock upon conversion to the extent (but only to the extent) that such receipt would cause such converting holder to become, directly or indirectly, a beneficial owner (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) of more than 9.9 of the shares of our common stock outstanding at such time. Any purported delivery of shares of our common stock upon conversion of the Series L preferred stock shall be void and have no effect to the extent, but only to the extent, that such delivery would result in the converting holder becoming the beneficial owner of more than 9.9 of the shares of our common stock outstanding at such time. If any delivery of shares of our common stock owed to a holder upon conversion of the Series L preferred stock is not made, in whole or in part, as a result of this limitation, our obligation to make such delivery shall not be extinguished and we shall deliver such shares as promptly as practicable after any such converting holder gives notice to us that such delivery would not result in it being the beneficial owner of more than 9.9 of the shares of our common stock outstanding at such time. This limitation on beneficial ownership shall not constrain in any event our ability to exercise our right to cause the Series L preferred stock to convert mandatorily. 
 
 The following provisions will apply if, prior to the conversion date, one of the following events occur prior to the conversion date for shares of our Series L preferred stock 
 
 a person or group within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act files a Schedule TO or any schedule, form or report under the Exchange Act disclosing that such person or group has become the direct or indirect ultimate beneficial owner, as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, of our common equity representing more than 50 of the voting power of our common stock or 
 
 consummation of any consolidation or merger or similar transaction or any sale, lease or other transfer in one transaction or a series of transactions of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of us and our subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any person other than one of our subsidiaries, in each case pursuant to which our shares of common stock will be converted into cash, securities or other property, other than pursuant to a transaction in which the persons that beneficially owned (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, voting shares immediately prior to such transaction beneficially own, directly or indirectly, voting shares representing a majority of the total voting power of all outstanding classes of voting shares of the continuing or surviving person immediately after the transaction. 
 
 These transactions are referred to as make-whole acquisitions. However, a make-whole acquisition will not be deemed to have occurred if at least 90 of the consideration (as determined by our board of directors) received by holders of our common stock in the transaction or transactions consists of shares of common stock or American depositary receipts in respect of common stock that are traded on a U.S. national securities exchange or a securities exchange in the European Economic Area or that will be traded on a U.S. national securities exchange or on securities exchanges in the European Economic Area when issued or exchanged in connection with a make-whole acquisition. 
 
 The phrase all or substantially all of our assets is likely to be interpreted by reference to applicable state law at the relevant time, and will be dependent on the facts and circumstances existing at such time. As a result, there may be a degree of uncertainty in ascertaining whether a sale or transfer is of all or substantially all of our assets. 
 
 Upon a make-whole acquisition, we will, under certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate in respect of any conversions of the Series L preferred stock that occur during the period (make-whole acquisition conversion period) beginning on the effective date of the make-whole acquisition (effective date) and ending on the date that is 30 days after the effective date, by a number of additional shares of our common stock (make-whole shares) as described below. 
 
 We will notify holders, at least 20 days prior to the anticipated effective date of such make-whole acquisition, or within two business days of becoming aware of a make-whole acquisition described in the first bullet of the definition of make-whole acquisition, of the anticipated effective date of such transaction. The notice will specify the anticipated effective date of the make-whole acquisition and the date by which each holder s make-whole acquisition conversion right must be exercised, which shall be 30 days after the effective date of the make-whole acquisition. We will also notify holders on the effective date of such make-whole acquisition, or as soon as practicable thereafter, specifying, among other things, the date that is 30 days after the effective date, the number of make-whole shares and the amount of the cash, securities and other consideration receivable by the holder upon conversion. To exercise the make-whole acquisition conversion right, a holder must deliver to the conversion agent, on or before the close of business on the date 
 4 

specified in the notice, the certificate evidencing such holder s shares of the Series L preferred stock, if the Series L preferred stock is held in certificated form. If a holder s interest is a beneficial interest in a global certificate representing our Series L preferred stock, in order to convert a holder must comply with certain conversion procedures and comply with the depositary s procedures for converting a beneficial interest in a global security. The date that the holder complies with these requirements is referred to as the make-whole conversion date. If a holder does not elect to exercise the make-whole acquisition conversion right within the specified period, such holder s shares of the Series L preferred stock will remain outstanding until otherwise converted but will not be eligible to receive make-whole shares. 
 
 The following table sets forth the number of make-whole shares per share of our Series L preferred stock for each stock price and effective date set forth below 
 Make-Whole Acquisition Stock Price Effective Date 120.54 125.57 138.12 150.68 156.71 175.79 203.72 226.02 251.13 301.36 401.81 502.26 April 17, 2008 1.9153 1.8855 1.5191 1.1110 0.9497 0.6471 0.3962 0.2847 0.2091 0.1354 0.0757 0.0458 March 15, 2009 1.9153 1.8775 1.5052 1.0951 0.9437 0.6331 0.3763 0.2588 0.1852 0.1175 0.0697 0.0438 March 15, 2010 1.9153 1.8397 1.4913 1.0871 0.9378 0.6073 0.3365 0.2210 0.1533 0.0956 0.0577 0.0358 March 15, 2011 1.9153 1.7899 1.4694 1.0731 0.9238 0.5794 0.2887 0.1712 0.1075 0.0657 0.0398 0.0259 March 15, 2012 1.9153 1.7561 1.4355 1.0652 0.9139 0.5356 0.2051 0.0896 0.0458 0.0299 0.0199 0.0119 March 15, 2013 1.9153 1.6704 1.4275 1.0592 0.9119 0.5097 0.0916 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 Thereafter 1.9153 1.6704 1.4275 1.0592 0.9119 0.5097 0.0916 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 
 
 The number of make-whole shares will be determined by reference to the table above and is based on the effective date and the price stock price paid per share of our common stock in such transaction. If the holders our of common stock receive only cash (in a single per-share amount, other than with respect to appraisal and similar rights) in the make-whole acquisition, the stock price shall be the cash amount paid per share. For purposes of the preceding sentence as applied to a make-whole acquisition described in the first bullet of the definition of that term, a single price per share shall be deemed to have been paid only if the transaction or transactions that caused the person or group to become direct or indirect ultimate beneficial owners of our common equity representing more than 50 of the voting power of our common stock was a tender offer for more than 50 of our outstanding common stock. Otherwise, the stock price shall be the average of the closing price per share of our common stock on the 10 trading days up to but not including the effective date. 
 
 The stock prices set forth in the first row of the table (the column headers) will be adjusted as of any date on which the conversion rate of the Series L preferred stock is adjusted. The adjusted stock prices will equal the stock prices applicable immediately prior to such adjustment multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the conversion rate immediately prior to the adjustment giving rise to the stock price adjustment and the denominator of which is the conversion rate as so adjusted. Each of the number of make-whole shares in the table will be subject to adjustment in the same manner as the conversion rate as set forth below in our description of anti-dilution rate adjustments. 
 
 In lieu of receiving the make-whole shares, if the reference price (as defined below) in connection with a make-whole acquisition is less than 120.54 (a fundamental change), a holder may elect to convert each share of our Series L preferred stock during the period beginning on the effective date of the fundamental change and ending on the date that is 30 days after the effective date of the fundamental change at an adjusted conversion price equal to the greater of (1) the reference price and (2) 60.27 (base price). The base price will be adjusted as of any date that the conversion rate of the Series L preferred stock is adjusted. The adjusted base price will equal the base price applicable immediately prior to such adjustment multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the conversion rate immediately prior to the adjustment giving rise to the conversion rate adjustment and the denominator of which is the conversion rate as so adjusted. If the reference price is less than the base price, holders will receive a maximum of 16.5916 shares of our common stock per share of our Series L preferred stock, subject to adjustment, which may result in a holder receiving value that is less than the liquidation preference of the Series L preferred stock. In lieu of issuing our common stock upon conversion in the event of a fundamental change, we may at our option, and if we obtain any necessary regulatory approval, make a cash payment equal to the reference price for each share of our common stock otherwise issuable upon conversion. The reference price is the stock price as defined above. 
 5 

To exercise the fundamental change conversion right, a holder must comply with certain conversion procedures on or before the date that is 30 days following the effectiveness of the fundamental change and indicate that it is exercising the fundamental change conversion right. If a holder does not elect to exercise the fundamental change conversion right, such holder will not be eligible to convert such holder s shares at the base price and such holder s shares of the Series L preferred stock will remain outstanding until otherwise converted. 
 
 We will notify holders, at least 20 days prior to the anticipated effective date of a fundamental change, or within two business days of becoming aware of a make-whole acquisition described in the first bullet of the definition of make-whole acquisition, of the anticipated effective date of such transaction. The notice will specify the anticipated effective date of the fundamental change and the date by which each holder s fundamental change conversion right must be exercised. We will also provide notice to holders on the effective date of a fundamental change, or as soon as practicable thereafter, specifying, among other things, the date that is 30 days after the effective date, the adjusted conversion price following the fundamental change and the amount of the cash, securities and other consideration receivable by the holder upon conversion. To exercise the fundamental change conversion right, a holder must comply with certain conversion procedures on or before the date that is 30 days following the effectiveness of the fundamental change and indicate that it is exercising the fundamental change conversion right. If a holder does not elect to exercise the fundamental change conversion right within such period, such holder will not be eligible to convert such holder s shares at the base price and such holder s shares of Series L preferred stock will remain outstanding (subject to the holder electing to convert such holder s shares). 
 In the event of 
 
 (1) our consolidation or merger with or into another person in each case pursuant to which our common stock will be converted into cash, securities or other of our property or another person 
 
 (2) any sale, transfer, lease or conveyance to another person of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of us and our subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in each case pursuant to which our common stock will be converted into cash, securities or other property 
 
 (3) any reclassification of our common stock into securities, including securities other than our common stock or 
 
 (4) any statutory exchange of our securities with another person (other than in connection with a merger or acquisition) 
 
 each of which is referred to as a reorganization event , each share of our Series L preferred stock outstanding immediately prior to such reorganization event will, without the consent of the holders of the Series L preferred stock, become convertible into the types and amounts of securities, cash and other property receivable in such reorganization event by a holder of the shares of our common stock that was not the counterparty to the reorganization event or an affiliate of such other party (such securities, cash and other property, the exchange property ). In the event that holders of our common stock have the opportunity to elect the form of consideration to be received in such transaction, the consideration that the holders of the Series L preferred stock entitled to receive will be deemed to be the types and amounts of consideration received by the majority of the holders of the shares of our common stock that affirmatively make an election. Holders have the right to convert their shares of our Series L preferred stock in the event of certain acquisitions. In connection with certain reorganization events, holders of the Series L preferred stock may have the right to vote as a class. 
 
 The conversion rate will be adjusted, without duplication, if certain events occur 
 
 (1) the issuance of our common stock as a dividend or distribution to all holders of our common stock, or a subdivision or combination of our common stock (other than in connection with a transaction constituting a reorganization event), in which event the conversion rate will be adjusted based on the following formula 
 
 CR 1 CR 0 x (OS 1 OS 0 
 
 6 

where, 
 CR 0 
 
 the conversion rate in effect at the close of business on the record date 
 CR 1 
 
 the conversion rate in effect immediately after the record date 
 OS 0 
 
 the number of shares of our common stock outstanding at the close of business on the record date prior to giving effect to such event 
 OS 1 
 
 the number of shares of our common stock that would be outstanding immediately after, and solely as a result of, such event 

(2) the issuance to all holders of our common stock of certain rights or warrants (other than rights issued pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or rights or warrants issued in connection with a transaction constituting a reorganization event) entitling them for a period expiring 60 days or less from the date of issuance of such rights or warrants to purchase shares of our common stock (or securities convertible into our common stock) at less than (or having a conversion price per share less than) the current market price of our common stock as of the record date, in which event the conversion rate will be adjusted based on the following formula 
 
 CR 1 CR 0 x (OS 0 + X) (OS 0 + Y) 
 
 where, 
 
 CR 0 
 
 the conversion rate in effect at the close of business on the record date 
 CR 1 
 
 the conversion rate in effect immediately after the record date 
 OS 0 
 
 the number of shares of our common stock outstanding at the close of business on the record date 
 X 
 
 the total number of shares of our common stock issuable pursuant to such rights or warrants (or upon conversion of such securities) 
 Y 
 
 the number of shares equal to quotient of the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights or warrants (or the conversion price for such securities paid upon conversion) divided by the average of the volume-weighted average price of our common stock over each of the ten consecutive volume-weighted average price trading days prior to the Business Day immediately preceding the announcement of the issuance of such rights or warrants 

(3) the dividend or other distribution to all holders of our common stock of shares of our capital stock (other than common stock) or evidences of our indebtedness or our assets (excluding any dividend, distribution or issuance covered by clauses (1) or (2) above or (4) below, any dividend or distribution in connection with a transaction constituting a reorganization event or any spin-off to which the provisions set forth below in this clause (3) apply) in which event the conversion rate will be adjusted based on the following formula 
 CR 1 CR 0 x SP 0 (SP 0 - FMV) 
 
 where, 
 CR 0 
 
 the conversion rate in effect at the close of business on the record date 
 CR 1 
 
 the conversion rate in effect immediately after the record date 
 SP 0 
 
 the current market price as of the record date 
 FMV 
 
 the fair market value (as determined by our board of directors) on the record date of the shares of capital stock, evidences of indebtedness or assets so distributed, applicable to one share of our common stock 

However, if the transaction that gives rise to an adjustment pursuant to this clause (3) is one pursuant to which the payment of a dividend or other distribution on our common stock consists of shares of capital stock of, or similar equity interests in, one of our subsidiaries or one of our other business units (i.e., a spin-off) that are, or, when issued, will be, traded or quoted on the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Stock Market or any other national or regional securities exchange or market, then the conversion rate will instead be adjusted based on the following formula 
 CR 1 CR 0 x (FMV 0 + MP 0 MP 0 
 7 

where, 
 CR 0 
 
 the conversion rate in effect at the close of business on the record date 
 CR 1 
 
 the conversion rate in effect immediately after the record date 
 FMV 0 
 
 the average of the volume-weighted average price of the capital stock or similar equity interests distributed to holders of our common stock applicable to one share of our common stock over each of the ten consecutive volume-weighted average price trading days commencing on and including the third volume-weighted average price trading day after the date on which ex-distribution trading commences for such dividend or distribution on the New York Stock Exchange or such other national or regional exchange or association or over-the-counter market or if not so traded or quoted, the fair market value of the capital stock or similar equity interests distributed to holders of our common stock applicable to one share of our common stock as determined by our board of directors 
 MP 0 
 
 the average of the volume-weighted average price of our common stock over each of the ten consecutive volume-weighted average price trading days commencing on and including the third volume-weighted average price trading day after the date on which ex-distribution trading commences for such dividend or distribution on the New York Stock Exchange or such other national or regional exchange or association or over-the-counter market on which our common stock is then traded or quoted 

(4) We make a distribution consisting exclusively of cash to all holders of our common stock, excluding (a) any regular cash dividend on our common stock to the extent that the aggregate regular cash dividend per share of our common stock does not exceed 0.375 0.1991 in any fiscal quarter (the dividend threshold amount) and (b) any consideration payable in connection with a tender or exchange offer made by us or any of its subsidiaries referred to in clause (5) below, in which event, the conversion rate will be adjusted based on the following formula 
 
 CR 1 CR 0 x SP 0 (SP 0 - C) 
 
 where, 
 CR 0 
 
 the conversion rate in effect at the close of business on the record date 
 CR 1 
 
 the conversion rate in effect immediately after the record date 
 SP 0 
 
 the current market price as of the record date 
 C 
 
 the amount in cash per share equal to (1) in the case of a regular quarterly dividend, the amount we distribute to holders or pay, less the dividend threshold amount or (2) in any other case, the amount we distributes to holders or pay 

The dividend threshold amount is subject to adjustment on an inversely proportional basis whenever the conversion rate is adjusted, provided that no adjustment will be made to the dividend threshold amount for any adjustment made to the conversion rate pursuant to this clause (4). 
 
 (5) We or one or more of our subsidiaries make purchases of our common stock pursuant to a tender offer or exchange offer by us or one of our subsidiaries for our common stock to the extent that the cash and value (as determined by our board of directors) of any other consideration included in the payment per share of our common stock validly tendered or exchanged exceeds the volume-weighted average price per share of our common stock on the volume-weighted average price trading day next succeeding the last date on which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer (expiration date), in which event the conversion rate will be adjusted based on the following formula 
 
 CR 1 CR 0 x (FMV + (SP 1 x OS 1 (SP 1 x OS 0 

8 

where, 
 CR 0 
 
 the conversion rate in effect at the close of business on the expiration date 
 CR 1 
 
 the conversion rate in effect immediately after the expiration date 
 FMV 
 
 the fair market value (as determined by our board of directors), on the expiration date, of the aggregate value of all cash and any other consideration paid or payable for shares validly tendered or exchanged and not withdrawn as of the expiration date 
 OS 1 
 
 the number of shares of our common stock outstanding as of the last time tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer (expiration time) less any purchased shares 
 OS 0 
 
 the number of shares of our common stock outstanding at the expiration time, including any purchased shares 
 SP 1 
 
 the average of the volume-weighted average price of common stock over each of the ten consecutive volume-weighted average price trading days commencing with the volume-weighted average price trading day immediately after the expiration date 

Record date means, for purpose of a conversion rate adjustment, with respect to any dividend, distribution or other transaction or event in which the holders of our common stock have the right to receive any cash, securities or other property or in which our common stock (or other applicable security) is exchanged for or converted into any combination of cash, securities or other property, the date fixed for determination of holders of our common stock entitled to receive such cash, securities or other property (whether such date is fixed by our board of directors or by statute, contract or otherwise). 
 
 Current market price of our common stock on any day, means the average of the volume-weighted average price of our common stock over each of the ten consecutive volume-weighted average price trading days ending on the earlier of the day in question and the day before the ex-date or other specified date with respect to the issuance or distribution requiring such computation, appropriately adjusted to take into account the occurrence during such period of any event described in clauses (1) through (5) above. For purposes of the foregoing, ex-date means the first date on which the shares of our common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive an issuance or distribution. 
 
 In the event of our voluntary or involuntary dissolution, winding up and liquidation, the holders of the Series L preferred stock are entitled to receive a liquidating distribution in the amount of the liquidation preference of 1,000 per share, plus any authorized, declared and unpaid dividends for the then-current dividend period to the date of liquidation, out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders, before any distribution is made to holders of our common stock or any securities ranking junior to the Series L preferred stock and subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of securities ranking senior to or on parity with the Series L preferred stock upon liquidation and the rights of our creditors. If the amounts available for distribution upon our dissolution, winding up and liquidation are not sufficient to satisfy the full liquidation rights of all the outstanding Series L preferred stock and all stock ranking equal to the Series L preferred stock, then the holders of each series of our Series L preferred stock will share ratably in any distribution of assets in proportion to the full respective preferential amount to which they are entitled. After the full amount of the liquidation preference is paid, the holders of our Series L preferred stock will not be entitled to any further participation in any distribution of our assets. 
 
 Holders of our Series L preferred stock do not have any voting rights and are not entitled to elect any directors, except as required by law and except for the special voting rights provided for below. 
 
 If we fail to pay, or declare and set aside for payment, full dividends on the Series L preferred stock or any other class or series of voting parity stock for six dividend periods or their equivalent (whether or not consecutive), the authorized number of directors serving on our board of directors will be increased by two. Subject to satisfaction of certain qualifications for persons serving as directors pursuant to regulations of any securities exchange on which our securities are then listed or traded, the holders of our Series L preferred stock, voting together as a single and separate class with the holders of all outstanding voting parity stock on which dividends likewise have not been paid, will have the right to elect two directors in addition to the directors then in office at our next annual meeting of shareholders. When dividends have been paid in full on the Series L preferred stock and any and all voting parity stock for at least four consecutive dividend periods or their equivalent, then the right of the holders of our Series L preferred stock to elect directors shall cease (but subject always to revesting of such voting rights in the case of any future nonpayment of dividends), and, if and when all rights of holders of our Series L preferred stock and voting parity stock to elect directors shall have ceased, the terms of office of all the 
 9 

directors elected by preferred stock holders under this provision shall forthwith terminate and the number of directors constituting the board of directors shall automatically be reduced accordingly. 
 So long as any shares of our Series L preferred stock are outstanding, the vote or consent of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the shares of our Series L preferred stock at the time outstanding, voting as a class with all other series of preferred stock ranking equally with the Series L preferred stock and entitled to vote thereon, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or by vote at any meeting called for the purpose, will be necessary for effecting or validating any of the following actions, whether or not such approval is required by Delaware law 
 
 any amendment, alteration or repeal of any provision of our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (including the certificates of designations creating the Series L preferred stock) or our by-laws that would alter or change the voting powers, preferences or special rights of the holders of the Series L preferred stock so as to affect them adversely 
 
 any amendment or alteration of our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, to authorize or create, or increase the authorized amount of, or any issuance of any shares of, or any securities convertible into shares of, any class or series of our capital stock ranking prior to the Series L preferred stock in the payment of dividends or in the distribution of assets on our liquidation, dissolution or winding up or 
 
 the consummation of a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the Series L preferred stock or a merger or consolidation with another entity, except holders of our Series L preferred stock will have no right to vote under this provision or otherwise under Delaware law if, in each case, (i) the Series L preferred stock remains outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which we are not the surviving or resulting entity, is converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) such Series L preferred stock remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, has such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series L preferred stock, taken as a whole 
 
 except that any authorization, creation or increase in the authorized amount of or issuance of our Series L preferred stock or any class or series of parity stock or junior stock or any securities convertible into any class or series of parity stock (whether dividends payable in respect of such parity stock are cumulative or non-cumulative) or junior stock will be deemed not to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the holders of the Series L preferred stock, and, notwithstanding any provision of Delaware law, holders of the Series L preferred stock shall have no right to vote thereon. 
 
 Series R Preferred Stock. Our 6.625 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock, Series R, which we refer to as our Series R preferred stock , with no par value, ranks senior to our common stock and to any other securities that we may issue in the future that are expressly made junior to our Series R preferred stock, as to payment of dividends and or distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. The Series R preferred stock ranks equally with our Parity Stock (as such term is defined in the certificate of designation for the Series R preferred stock) as to payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 Dividends on shares of our Series R preferred stock are not mandatory. Holders of our Series R preferred stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors out of legally available assets, non-cumulative cash dividends on the liquidation preference amount, which is 25,000 per share of Series R preferred stock. From December 18, 2013 to, but excluding, March 15, 2024 (the Fixed Rate Period ), these dividends will accrue at a fixed rate per annum equal to 6.625 . We announced on May 12, 2023 that and from, and including, March 15, 2024 (the Floating Rate Period ), dividends will accrue at a rate per annum equal to 6.625 plus 3.69 . These dividends are payable quarterly in arrears on each March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15. The right of holders of our Series R preferred stock to receive dividends is non-cumulative. The Series R preferred stock was issued on December 18, 2013, and the first dividend payment date was March 15, 2014. 
 To the extent we declare dividends on the Series R preferred stock and on any other Parity Stock but cannot make full payment of those declared dividends, we will allocate the dividend payments on a proportional basis among the holders of shares of 
 10 

Series R preferred stock and the holders of any Parity Stock then outstanding where the terms of such Parity Stock provide similar dividend rights. No interest will be payable in respect of any dividend payment that may be in arrears. 
 We cannot pay dividends on our common stock or other securities ranking junior to the Series R preferred stock or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of our common stock, other securities ranking junior to the Series R preferred stock or Parity Stock, subject to certain exceptions, unless the full dividends for the then-current period on all outstanding shares of Series R preferred stock have been declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of those dividends has been set aside. 
 We, at the option of our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors, may redeem, subject to the prior approval of the FRB, the Series R preferred stock, in whole or in part, on any dividend payment date on or after March 15, 2024. In addition, within 90 days of our good faith determination that a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event (as such term is defined in the certificate of designation for the Series R preferred stock), we, at the option of our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of the board of directors, may, subject to approval of the appropriate federal banking agency, redeem in whole, but not in part, the shares of Series R preferred stock at the time outstanding prior to March 15, 2024. Any redemption shall be at the redemption price of 25,000 per share plus an amount equal to any dividends that have been declared but not paid to the redemption date without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. 
 In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our Series R preferred stock are entitled to receive a liquidating distribution in the amount of 25,000 per share, plus an amount equal to any dividends that have been declared but not yet paid, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends, to the date of liquidation, out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders, before any distribution is made to holders of our common stock or any securities ranking junior to the Series R preferred stock and subject to the rights of the holders of Parity Stock or any of our stock ranking senior to the Series R preferred stock as to such distribution and the rights of our depositors and other creditors. 
 Holders of our Series R preferred stock do not have any voting rights and are not entitled to elect any directors, except as required by law and except for the voting rights provided for below. 
 Whenever dividends payable on any shares of Series R preferred stock or any class or series of Voting Parity Stock (as such term is defined in the certificate of designation for the Series R preferred stock) have not been declared and paid in an aggregate amount equal to, as to any class or series, at least six quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods, the holders of our Series R preferred stock, voting together as a class with holders of Voting Parity Stock whose voting rights are exercisable, will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors of our board of directors at our next annual meeting of stockholders and at each subsequent meeting of stockholders, by a plurality of votes cast provided that our board of directors shall at no time include more than two such directors and including, for purposes of this limitation, all directors that the holders of any series of Voting Parity Stock are entitled to elect pursuant to like voting rights. Upon the vesting of such right of such holders, the maximum authorized number of members of our board of directors shall automatically be increased by two and the two vacancies so created shall be filled by vote of the holders of the outstanding Series R preferred stock (together with the holders of shares of any one or more other series of Voting Parity Stock). At elections for such directors, each holder of Series R preferred stock shall be entitled to 25 votes for each share held (the holders of shares of any other series of Voting Parity Stock being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of such stock as may be granted to them). The right of the holders of the Series R preferred stock (voting together as a class with the holders of shares of any one or more other series of Voting Parity Stock) to elect such directors shall continue until such time as we have paid in full dividends for the equivalent of at least four quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent, at which time such right with respect to the Series R preferred stock shall terminate, except as provided by law, and subject to revesting in the event of each and every subsequent nonpayment of dividends. Upon any termination of the right of the holders of all shares of Series R preferred stock and Voting Parity Stock to vote for directors, the term of office of all such directors then in office elected by only those holders voting as a class shall terminate immediately. Whenever the term of office of the directors elected by such holders voting as a class shall end and the special voting powers vested in such holders shall have expired, the number of directors shall be such number as may be provided for in our by-laws. 
 In addition to any other vote required by law or our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, so long as any shares of our Series R preferred stock are outstanding, the vote or consent of the holders of the outstanding shares of our Series R preferred 
 11 

stock and outstanding shares of all other series of Voting Parity Stock entitled to vote on the matter, by a vote of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all such outstanding Series R preferred stock and such Voting Parity Stock, voting together as a class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or at any meeting called for the purpose, will be necessary to permit, effect or validate any one or more of the following actions, whether or not such approval is required by Delaware law 
 the issuance of any series of preferred stock or preference stock ranking senior to the Series R preferred stock with respect to either the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up 
 any amendment, alteration or repeal of any provision of our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (including the certificate of designation relating to the Series R preferred stock) or our by-laws that would adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series R preferred stock 
 any amendment or alteration of our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, or by-laws to authorize, create or increase the authorized amount of, any shares of, or any securities convertible into shares of, any class or series of our capital stock ranking senior to the Series R preferred stock with respect to either payment of dividends or the distribution of assets in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up or 
 the consummation of a reclassification involving the Series R preferred stock or a merger or consolidation with another corporation or other entity, except holders of the Series R preferred stock will have no right to vote under this provision if in each case (i) the shares of Series R preferred stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which we are not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) such shares of Series R preferred stock remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series R preferred stock, taken as a whole 
 provided, however , that any authorization, creation or increase in the authorized amount of or issuance of our Series R preferred stock or any class or series of Parity Stock or securities ranking junior to the Series R preferred stock or any securities convertible into any class or series of Parity Stock (whether dividends payable in respect of such Parity Stock are cumulative or non-cumulative) or securities ranking junior to the Series R preferred stock will be deemed not to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series R preferred stock, and holders of the Series R preferred stock shall have no right to vote thereon. 
 If an amendment, alteration, repeal, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would adversely affect one or more but not all series of voting preferred stock (including the Series R preferred stock for this purpose), then only those series affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all such series of preferred stock. 
 Each holder of the Series R preferred stock will have 25 votes per share on any matter on which holders of the Series R preferred stock are entitled to vote, whether separately or together with any other series of our stock (the holders of any shares of any other series of stock being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of stock as may be granted to them), pursuant to Delaware law or otherwise, including by written consent. 
 Series R Depositary Shares. Each Series R depositary share issued by us represents a 1 1,000th interest in one share of our Series R preferred stock. The shares of our Series R preferred stock are deposited with Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as depositary. Pursuant to the deposit agreement, the depositary issued Series R depositary shares, which are evidenced by depositary receipts. 
 Equiniti Trust Company, LLC acts as transfer agent and registrar and paying agent with respect to the Series R depositary shares. 
 The depositary s office at which the depositary receipts are administered is located at Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, 1110 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101, Mendota Heights, MN 55120. 
 12 

The Series R depositary shares were issued in book-entry form through DTC. This means that actual depositary receipts will not be issued, except in limited circumstances. This means that the Series R depositary shares will be in the form of a single global depositary receipt deposited with a DTC nominee. Each beneficial holder must rely on the procedures of DTC and if the Series R depositary shares are held through a broker or financial institution nominee, the beneficial holder must rely on the procedures of such broker or financial institution to assert the rights of a depositary receipt holder described in this section. 
 The depositary will distribute all cash dividends or other cash distributions received on the Series R preferred stock to the holders of record of Series R depositary shares in proportion to the numbers of such depositary shares owned by each holder. In the event of a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute property received by it to the holders of record of the Series R depositary shares in proportion to the number of Series R depositary shares held by each holder, unless the depositary determines that it is not feasible to make such distribution, in which case the depositary may, with our approval, adopt a method of distribution that it deems practicable, including the sale of such property and distribution of the net proceeds from such sale to such holders. 
 Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the Series R depositary shares are the same as the corresponding record dates for the Series R preferred stock. 
 The amounts distributed to holders of the Series R depositary shares will be reduced by any amounts required to be withheld by the depositary or by us on account of taxes or other governmental charges. 
 If the Series R preferred stock underlying the Series R depositary shares is redeemed (i) after March 15, 2024, in whole or in part, or (ii) prior to March 15, 2024 in whole, but not in part, due to the occurrence of a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event, Series R depositary shares will be redeemed with the proceeds received by the depositary from the redemption of the Series R preferred stock held by the depositary. The redemption price per Series R depositary share will be equal to 1 1,000th of the applicable redemption price per share payable with respect to such Series R preferred stock (or 25 per Series R depositary share), plus an amount equal to any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. If less than all the Series R preferred stock is redeemed after March 15, 2024, the Series R depositary shares to be redeemed will be selected pro rata, or in any other manner determined by the depositary to be fair and equitable. 
 When the depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Series R preferred stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail, or otherwise transmit by an authorized method, the information contained in the notice and any accompanying proxy material to the record holders of the Series R depositary shares relating to the Series R preferred stock. Each record holder of the Series R depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the Series R preferred stock, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of the Series R preferred stock represented by the holder s Series R depositary shares. To the extent possible, the depositary will vote the amount of the Series R preferred stock represented by the Series R depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. We will agree to take all reasonable actions that the depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any Series R depositary shares representing the Series R preferred stock, it will not vote the amount of Series R preferred stock represented by such Series R depositary shares. 
 Series Y Preferred Stock. Our Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock, Series Y, which we refer to as our Series Y preferred stock , with no par value, ranks senior to our common stock and to any other securities that we may issue in the future that are expressly made junior to our Series Y preferred stock, as to payment of dividends and or distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. The Series Y preferred stock ranks equally with our Parity Stock (as such term is defined in the certificate of designation for the Series Y preferred stock) as to payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 Dividends on shares of our Series Y preferred stock are not mandatory. Holders of our Series Y preferred stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors out of legally available assets, non-cumulative cash dividends on the liquidation preference amount, which is 25,000 per share of Series Y preferred stock. These dividends accrue at a rate per annum equal to 5.625 , payable quarterly in arrears on each March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15. The right of holders of our Series Y preferred stock to receive dividends is non-cumulative. The Series Y preferred stock was issued on April 24, 2017, and the first dividend payment date was June 15, 2017. 
 13 

To the extent we declare dividends on the Series Y preferred stock and on any other Parity Stock but cannot make full payment of those declared dividends, we will allocate the dividend payments on a proportional basis among the holders of shares of Series Y preferred stock and the holders of any Parity Stock then outstanding where the terms of such Parity Stock provide similar dividend rights. No interest will be payable in respect of any dividend payment that may be in arrears. 
 We cannot pay dividends on our common stock or other securities ranking junior to the Series Y preferred stock or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of our common stock, other securities ranking junior to the Series Y preferred stock or Parity Stock, subject to certain exceptions, unless the full dividends for the then-current period on all outstanding shares of Series Y preferred stock have been declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of those dividends has been set aside. 
 We, at the option of our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors, may redeem, subject to the prior approval of the FRB, the Series Y preferred stock, in whole or in part, on any dividend payment date on or after June 15, 2022. In addition, within 90 days of our good faith determination that a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event (as such term is defined in the certificate of designation for the Series Y preferred stock), we, at the option of our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of the board of directors, may, subject to approval of the appropriate federal banking agency, redeem in whole, but not in part, the shares of Series Y preferred stock at the time outstanding prior to June 15, 2022. Any redemption shall be at the redemption price of 25,000 per share plus an amount equal to any dividends that have been declared but not paid to the redemption date without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. 
 In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our Series Y preferred stock are entitled to receive a liquidating distribution in the amount of 25,000 per share, plus an amount equal to any dividends that have been declared but not yet paid, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends, to the date of liquidation, out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders, before any distribution is made to holders of our common stock or any securities ranking junior to the Series Y preferred stock and subject to the rights of the holders of Parity Stock or any of our stock ranking senior to the Series Y preferred stock as to such distribution and the rights of our depositors and other creditors. 
 Holders of our Series Y preferred stock do not have any voting rights and are not entitled to elect any directors, except as required by law and except for the voting rights provided for below. 
 Whenever dividends payable on any shares of Series Y preferred stock or any class or series of Voting Parity Stock (as such term is defined in the certificate of designation for the Series Y preferred stock) have not been declared and paid in an aggregate amount equal to, as to any class or series, at least six quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods, the holders of our Series Y preferred stock, voting together as a class with holders of Voting Parity Stock whose voting rights are exercisable, will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors of our board of directors at our next annual meeting of stockholders and at each subsequent meeting of stockholders, by a plurality of votes cast provided that our board of directors shall at no time include more than two such directors and including, for purposes of this limitation, all directors that the holders of any series of Voting Parity Stock are entitled to elect pursuant to like voting rights. Upon the vesting of such right of such holders, the maximum authorized number of members of our board of directors shall automatically be increased by two and the two vacancies so created shall be filled by vote of the holders of the outstanding Series Y preferred stock (together with the holders of shares of any one or more other series of Voting Parity Stock). At elections for such directors, each holder of Series Y preferred stock shall be entitled to 25 votes for each share held (the holders of shares of any other series of Voting Parity Stock being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of such stock as may be granted to them). The right of the holders of the Series Y preferred stock (voting together as a class with the holders of shares of any one or more other series of Voting Parity Stock) to elect such directors shall continue until such time as we have paid in full dividends for the equivalent of at least four quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent, at which time such right with respect to the Series Y preferred stock shall terminate, except as provided by law, and subject to revesting in the event of each and every subsequent nonpayment of dividends. Upon any termination of the right of the holders of all shares of Series Y preferred stock and Voting Parity Stock to vote for directors, the term of office of all such directors then in office elected by only those holders voting as a class shall terminate immediately. Whenever the term of office of the directors elected by such holders voting as a class shall end and the special voting powers vested in such holders shall have expired, the number of directors shall be such number as may be provided for in our by-laws. 
 14 

In addition to any other vote required by law or our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, so long as any shares of our Series Y preferred stock are outstanding, the vote or consent of the holders of the outstanding shares of our Series Y preferred stock and outstanding shares of all other series of Voting Parity Stock entitled to vote on the matter, by a vote of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all such outstanding Series Y preferred stock and such Voting Parity Stock, voting together as a class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or at any meeting called for the purpose, will be necessary to permit, effect or validate any one or more of the following actions, whether or not such approval is required by Delaware law 
 the issuance of any series of preferred stock or preference stock ranking senior to the Series Y preferred stock with respect to either the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up 
 any amendment, alteration or repeal of any provision of our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (including the certificate of designation relating to the Series Y preferred stock) or our by-laws that would adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series Y preferred stock 
 any amendment or alteration of our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, or by-laws to authorize, create or increase the authorized amount of, any shares of, or any securities convertible into shares of, any class or series of our capital stock ranking senior to the Series Y preferred stock with respect to either payment of dividends or the distribution of assets in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up or 
 the consummation of a reclassification involving the Series Y preferred stock or a merger or consolidation with another corporation or other entity, except holders of the Series Y preferred stock will have no right to vote under this provision if in each case (i) the shares of Series Y preferred stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which we are not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) such shares of Series Y preferred stock remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series Y preferred stock, taken as a whole 
 provided, however , that any authorization, creation or increase in the authorized amount of or issuance of our Series Y preferred stock or any class or series of Parity Stock or securities ranking junior to the Series Y preferred stock or any securities convertible into any class or series of Parity Stock (whether dividends payable in respect of such Parity Stock are cumulative or non-cumulative) or securities ranking junior to the Series Y preferred stock will be deemed not to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series Y preferred stock, and holders of the Series Y preferred stock shall have no right to vote thereon. 
 If an amendment, alteration, repeal, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would adversely affect one or more but not all series of voting preferred stock (including the Series Y preferred stock for this purpose), then only those series affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all such series of preferred stock. 
 Each holder of the Series Y preferred stock will have 25 votes per share on any matter on which holders of the Series Y preferred stock are entitled to vote, whether separately or together with any other series of our stock (the holders of any shares of any other series of stock being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of stock as may be granted to them), pursuant to Delaware law or otherwise, including by written consent. 
 Series Y Depositary Shares. Each Series Y depositary share issued by us represents a 1 1,000th interest in one share of our Series Y preferred stock. The shares of our Series Y preferred stock are deposited with Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as depositary. Pursuant to the deposit agreement, the depositary issued Series Y depositary shares, which are evidenced by depositary receipts. 
 Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, acts as transfer agent and registrar and paying agent with respect to the Series Y depositary shares. 
 The depositary s office at which the depositary receipts are administered is located at Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, 1110 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101, Mendota Heights, MN 55120. 
 15 

The Series Y depositary shares were issued in book-entry form through DTC. This means that actual depositary receipts will not be issued, except in limited circumstances. This means that the Series Y depositary shares will be in the form of a single global depositary receipt deposited with a DTC nominee. Each beneficial holder must rely on the procedures of DTC and if the Series Y depositary shares are held through a broker or financial institution nominee, the beneficial holder must rely on the procedures of such broker or financial institution to assert the rights of a depositary receipt holder described in this section. 
 The depositary will distribute all cash dividends or other cash distributions received on the Series Y preferred stock to the holders of record of Series Y depositary shares in proportion to the numbers of such depositary shares owned by each holder. In the event of a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute property received by it to the holders of record of the Series Y depositary shares in proportion to the number of Series Y depositary shares held by each holder, unless the depositary determines that it is not feasible to make such distribution, in which case the depositary may, with our approval, adopt a method of distribution that it deems practicable, including the sale of such property and distribution of the net proceeds from such sale to such holders. 
 Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the Series Y depositary shares are the same as the corresponding record dates for the Series Y preferred stock. 
 The amounts distributed to holders of the Series Y depositary shares will be reduced by any amounts required to be withheld by the depositary or by us on account of taxes or other governmental charges. 
 If the Series Y preferred stock underlying the Series Y depositary shares is redeemed (i) after June 15, 2022, in whole or in part, or (ii) prior to June 15, 2022, in whole, but not in part, due to the occurrence of a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event, Series Y depositary shares will be redeemed with the proceeds received by the depositary from the redemption of the Series Y preferred stock held by the depositary. The redemption price per Series Y depositary share will be equal to 1 1,000th of the applicable redemption price per share payable with respect to such Series Y preferred stock (or 25 per Series Y depositary share), plus an amount equal to any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. If less than all the Series Y preferred stock is redeemed after June 15, 2022, the Series Y depositary shares to be redeemed will be selected pro rata, or in any other manner consistent with the rules and policies of the NYSE as the depositary may determine to be fair and equitable. 
 When the depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Series Y preferred stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail, or otherwise transmit by an authorized method, the information contained in the notice and any accompanying proxy material to the record holders of the Series Y depositary shares relating to the Series Y preferred stock. Each record holder of the Series Y depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the Series Y preferred stock, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of the Series Y preferred stock represented by the holder s Series Y depositary shares. To the extent possible, the depositary will vote the amount of the Series Y preferred stock represented by the Series Y depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. We will agree to take all reasonable actions that the depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any Series Y depositary shares representing the Series Y preferred stock, it will not vote the amount of Series Y preferred stock represented by such Series Y depositary shares. 
 Series Z Preferred Stock. Our Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock, Series Z, which we refer to as our Series Z preferred stock , with no par value, ranks senior to our common stock and to any other securities that we may issue in the future that are expressly made junior to our Series Z preferred stock, as to payment of dividends and or distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. The Series Z preferred stock ranks equally with our Parity Stock (as such term is defined in the certificate of designation for the Series Z preferred stock) as to payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 Dividends on shares of our Series Z preferred stock are not mandatory. Holders of our Series Z preferred stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors out of legally available assets, non-cumulative cash dividends on the liquidation preference amount, which is 25,000 per share of Series Z preferred stock. These dividends accrue at a rate per annum equal to 4.75 , payable quarterly in arrears on each March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15. The right of holders of our Series Z preferred stock to receive dividends is non-cumulative. The Series Z preferred stock was issued on January 27, 2020, and the first dividend payment date was March 15, 2020. 
 16 

To the extent we declare dividends on the Series Z preferred stock and on any other Parity Stock but cannot make full payment of those declared dividends, we will allocate the dividend payments on a proportional basis among the holders of shares of Series Z preferred stock and the holders of any Parity Stock then outstanding where the terms of such Parity Stock provide similar dividend rights. No interest will be payable in respect of any dividend payment that may be in arrears. 
 We cannot pay dividends on our common stock or other securities ranking junior to the Series Z preferred stock or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of our common stock, other securities ranking junior to the Series Z preferred stock or Parity Stock, subject to certain exceptions, unless the full dividends for the then-current period on all outstanding shares of Series Z preferred stock have been declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of those dividends has been set aside. 
 We, at the option of our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors, may redeem, subject to the prior approval of the FRB, the Series Z preferred stock, in whole or in part, on any dividend payment date on or after March 15, 2025. In addition, within 90 days of our good faith determination that a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event (as such term is defined in the certificate of designation for the Series Z preferred stock), we, at the option of our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of the board of directors, may, subject to approval of the appropriate federal banking agency, redeem in whole, but not in part, the shares of Series Z preferred stock at the time outstanding prior to March 15, 2025. Any redemption shall be at the redemption price of 25,000 per share plus an amount equal to any dividends that have been declared but not paid to the redemption date without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. 
 In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our Series Z preferred stock are entitled to receive a liquidating distribution in the amount of 25,000 per share, plus an amount equal to any dividends that have been declared but not yet paid, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends, to the date of liquidation, out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders, before any distribution is made to holders of our common stock or any securities ranking junior to the Series Z preferred stock and subject to the rights of the holders of Parity Stock or any of our stock ranking senior to the Series Z preferred stock as to such distribution and the rights of our depositors and other creditors. 
 Holders of our Series Z preferred stock do not have any voting rights and are not entitled to elect any directors, except as required by law and except for the voting rights provided for below. 
 Whenever dividends payable on any shares of Series Z preferred stock or any class or series of Voting Parity Stock (as such term is defined in the certificate of designation for the Series Z preferred stock) have not been declared and paid in an aggregate amount equal to, as to any class or series, at least six quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods, the holders of our Series Z preferred stock, voting together as a class with holders of Voting Parity Stock whose voting rights are exercisable, will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors of our board of directors at our next annual meeting of stockholders and at each subsequent meeting of stockholders, by a plurality of votes cast provided that our board of directors shall at no time include more than two such directors and including, for purposes of this limitation, all directors that the holders of any series of Voting Parity Stock are entitled to elect pursuant to like voting rights. Upon the vesting of such right of such holders, the maximum authorized number of members of our board of directors shall automatically be increased by two and the two vacancies so created shall be filled by vote of the holders of the outstanding Series Z preferred stock (together with the holders of shares of any one or more other series of Voting Parity Stock). At elections for such directors, each holder of Series Z preferred stock shall be entitled to 25 votes for each share held (the holders of shares of any other series of Voting Parity Stock being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of such stock as may be granted to them). The right of the holders of the Series Z preferred stock (voting together as a class with the holders of shares of any one or more other series of Voting Parity Stock) to elect such directors shall continue until such time as we have paid in full dividends for the equivalent of at least four quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent, at which time such right with respect to the Series Z preferred stock shall terminate, except as provided by law, and subject to revesting in the event of each and every subsequent nonpayment of dividends. Upon any termination of the right of the holders of all shares of Series Z preferred stock and Voting Parity Stock to vote for directors, the term of office of all such directors then in office elected by only those holders voting as a class shall terminate immediately. Whenever the term of office of the directors elected by such holders voting as a class shall end and the special voting powers vested in such holders shall have expired, the number of directors shall be such number as may be provided for in our by-laws. 
 17 

In addition to any other vote required by law or our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, so long as any shares of our Series Z preferred stock are outstanding, the vote or consent of the holders of the outstanding shares of our Series Z preferred stock and outstanding shares of all other series of Voting Parity Stock entitled to vote on the matter, by a vote of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all such outstanding Series Z preferred stock and such Voting Parity Stock, voting together as a class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or at any meeting called for the purpose, will be necessary to permit, effect or validate any one or more of the following actions, whether or not such approval is required by Delaware law 
 the issuance of any series of preferred stock or preference stock ranking senior to the Series Z preferred stock with respect to either the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up 
 any amendment, alteration or repeal of any provision of our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (including the certificate of designation relating to the Series Z preferred stock) or our by-laws that would adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series Z preferred stock 
 any amendment or alteration of our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, or by-laws to authorize, create or increase the authorized amount of, any shares of, or any securities convertible into shares of, any class or series of our capital stock ranking senior to the Series Z preferred stock with respect to either payment of dividends or the distribution of assets in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up or 
 the consummation of a reclassification involving the Series Z preferred stock or a merger or consolidation with another corporation or other entity, except holders of the Series Z preferred stock will have no right to vote under this provision if in each case (i) the shares of Series Z preferred stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which we are not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) such shares of Series Z preferred stock remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series Z preferred stock, taken as a whole 
 provided, however , that any authorization, creation or increase in the authorized amount of or issuance of our Series Z preferred stock or any class or series of Parity Stock or securities ranking junior to the Series Z preferred stock or any securities convertible into any class or series of Parity Stock (whether dividends payable in respect of such Parity Stock are cumulative or non-cumulative) or securities ranking junior to the Series Z preferred stock will be deemed not to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series Z preferred stock, and holders of the Series Z preferred stock shall have no right to vote thereon. 
 If an amendment, alteration, repeal, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would adversely affect one or more but not all series of voting preferred stock (including the Series Z preferred stock for this purpose), then only those series affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all such series of preferred stock. 
 Each holder of the Series Z preferred stock will have 25 votes per share on any matter on which holders of the Series Z preferred stock are entitled to vote, whether separately or together with any other series of our stock (the holders of any shares of any other series of stock being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of stock as may be granted to them), pursuant to Delaware law or otherwise, including by written consent. 
 Series Z Depositary Shares. Each Series Z depositary share issued by us represents a 1 1,000th interest in one share of our Series Z preferred stock. The shares of our Series Z preferred stock are deposited with Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as depositary. Pursuant to the deposit agreement, the depositary issued Series Z depositary shares, which are evidenced by depositary receipts. 
 Equiniti Trust Company, LLC acts as transfer agent and registrar and paying agent with respect to the Series Z depositary shares. 
 The depositary s office at which the depositary receipts are administered is located at Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, 1110 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101, Mendota Heights, MN 55120. 
 18 

The Series Z depositary shares were issued in book-entry form through DTC. This means that actual depositary receipts will not be issued, except in limited circumstances. This means that the Series Z depositary shares will be in the form of a single global depositary receipt deposited with a DTC nominee. Each beneficial holder must rely on the procedures of DTC and if the Series Z depositary shares are held through a broker or financial institution nominee, the beneficial holder must rely on the procedures of such broker or financial institution to assert the rights of a depositary receipt holder described in this section. 
 The depositary will distribute all cash dividends or other cash distributions received on the Series Z preferred stock to the holders of record of Series Z depositary shares in proportion to the numbers of such depositary shares owned by each holder. In the event of a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute property received by it to the holders of record of the Series Z depositary shares in proportion to the number of Series Z depositary shares held by each holder, unless the depositary determines that it is not feasible to make such distribution, in which case the depositary may, with our approval, adopt a method of distribution that it deems practicable, including the sale of such property and distribution of the net proceeds from such sale to such holders. 
 Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the Series Z depositary shares are the same as the corresponding record dates for the Series Z preferred stock. 
 The amounts distributed to holders of the Series Z depositary shares will be reduced by any amounts required to be withheld by the depositary or by us on account of taxes or other governmental charges. 
 If the Series Z preferred stock underlying the Series Z depositary shares is redeemed (i) after March 15, 2025, in whole or in part, or (ii) prior to March 15, 2025, in whole, but not in part, due to the occurrence of a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event, Series Z depositary shares will be redeemed with the proceeds received by the depositary from the redemption of the Series Z preferred stock held by the depositary. The redemption price per Series Z depositary share will be equal to 1 1,000th of the applicable redemption price per share payable with respect to such Series Z preferred stock (or 25 per Series Z depositary share), plus an amount equal to any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. If less than all the Series Z preferred stock is redeemed after March 15, 2025, the Series Z depositary shares to be redeemed will be selected pro rata, or in any other manner consistent with the rules and policies of the NYSE as the depositary may determine to be fair and equitable. 
 When the depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Series Z preferred stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail, or otherwise transmit by an authorized method, the information contained in the notice and any accompanying proxy material to the record holders of the Series Z depositary shares relating to the Series Z preferred stock. Each record holder of the Series Z depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the Series Z preferred stock, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of the Series Z preferred stock represented by the holder s Series Z depositary shares. To the extent possible, the depositary will vote the amount of the Series Z preferred stock represented by the Series Z depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. We will agree to take all reasonable actions that the depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any Series Z depositary shares representing the Series Z preferred stock, it will not vote the amount of Series Z preferred stock represented by such Series Z depositary shares. 
 Series AA Preferred Stock. Our Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock, Series AA, which we refer to as our Series AA preferred stock , with no par value, ranks senior to our common stock and to any other securities that we may issue in the future that are expressly made junior to our Series AA preferred stock, as to payment of dividends and or distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. The Series AA preferred stock ranks equally with our Parity Stock (as such term is defined in the certificate of designation for the Series AA preferred stock) as to payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 Dividends on shares of our Series AA preferred stock are not mandatory. Holders of our Series AA preferred stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors out of legally available assets, non-cumulative cash dividends on the liquidation preference amount, which is 25,000 per share of Series AA preferred stock. These dividends accrue at a rate per annum equal to 4.70 , payable quarterly in arrears on each March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15. The right of holders of our Series AA preferred stock to receive dividends is non-cumulative. The Series AA preferred stock was issued on October 28, 2020, and the first dividend payment date was December 15, 2020. 
 19 

To the extent we declare dividends on the Series AA preferred stock and on any other Parity Stock but cannot make full payment of those declared dividends, we will allocate the dividend payments on a proportional basis among the holders of shares of Series AA preferred stock and the holders of any Parity Stock then outstanding where the terms of such Parity Stock provide similar dividend rights. No interest will be payable in respect of any dividend payment that may be in arrears. 
 We cannot pay dividends on our common stock or other securities ranking junior to the Series AA preferred stock or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of our common stock, other securities ranking junior to the Series AA preferred stock or Parity Stock, subject to certain exceptions, unless the full dividends for the then-current period on all outstanding shares of Series AA preferred stock have been declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of those dividends has been set aside. 
 We, at the option of our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors, may redeem, subject to the prior approval of the FRB, the Series AA preferred stock, in whole or in part, on any dividend payment date on or after December 15, 2025. In addition, within 90 days of our good faith determination that a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event (as such term is defined in the certificate of designation for the Series AA preferred stock), we, at the option of our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of the board of directors, may, subject to approval of the appropriate federal banking agency, redeem in whole, but not in part, the shares of Series AA preferred stock at the time outstanding prior to December 15, 2025. Any redemption shall be at the redemption price of 25,000 per share plus an amount equal to any dividends that have been declared but not paid to the redemption date without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. 
 In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our Series AA preferred stock are entitled to receive a liquidating distribution in the amount of 25,000 per share, plus an amount equal to any dividends that have been declared but not yet paid, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends, to the date of liquidation, out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders, before any distribution is made to holders of our common stock or any securities ranking junior to the Series AA preferred stock and subject to the rights of the holders of Parity Stock or any of our stock ranking senior to the Series AA preferred stock as to such distribution and the rights of our depositors and other creditors. 
 Holders of our Series AA preferred stock do not have any voting rights and are not entitled to elect any directors, except as required by law and except for the voting rights provided for below. 
 Whenever dividends payable on any shares of Series AA preferred stock or any class or series of Voting Parity Stock (as such term is defined in the certificate of designation for the Series AA preferred stock) have not been declared and paid in an aggregate amount equal to, as to any class or series, at least six quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods, the holders of our Series AA preferred stock, voting together as a class with holders of Voting Parity Stock whose voting rights are exercisable, will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors of our board of directors at our next annual meeting of stockholders and at each subsequent meeting of stockholders, by a plurality of votes cast provided that our board of directors shall at no time include more than two such directors and including, for purposes of this limitation, all directors that the holders of any series of Voting Parity Stock are entitled to elect pursuant to like voting rights. Upon the vesting of such right of such holders, the maximum authorized number of members of our board of directors shall automatically be increased by two and the two vacancies so created shall be filled by vote of the holders of the outstanding Series AA preferred stock (together with the holders of shares of any one or more other series of Voting Parity Stock). At elections for such directors, each holder of Series AA preferred stock shall be entitled to 25 votes for each share held (the holders of shares of any other series of Voting Parity Stock being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of such stock as may be granted to them). The right of the holders of the Series AA preferred stock (voting together as a class with the holders of shares of any one or more other series of Voting Parity Stock) to elect such directors shall continue until such time as we have paid in full dividends for the equivalent of at least four quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent, at which time such right with respect to the Series AA preferred stock shall terminate, except as provided by law, and subject to revesting in the event of each and every subsequent nonpayment of dividends. Upon any termination of the right of the holders of all shares of Series AA preferred stock and Voting Parity Stock to vote for directors, the term of office of all such directors then in office elected by only those holders voting as a class shall terminate immediately. Whenever the term of office of the directors elected by such holders voting as a class shall end and the special voting powers vested in such holders shall have expired, the number of directors shall be such number as may be provided for in our by-laws. 
 20 

In addition to any other vote required by law or our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, so long as any shares of our Series AA preferred stock are outstanding, the vote or consent of the holders of the outstanding shares of our Series AA preferred stock and outstanding shares of all other series of Voting Parity Stock entitled to vote on the matter, by a vote of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all such outstanding Series AA preferred stock and such Voting Parity Stock, voting together as a class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or at any meeting called for the purpose, will be necessary to permit, effect or validate any one or more of the following actions, whether or not such approval is required by Delaware law 
 the issuance of any series of preferred stock or preference stock ranking senior to the Series AA preferred stock with respect to either the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up 
 any amendment, alteration or repeal of any provision of our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (including the certificate of designation relating to the Series AA preferred stock) or our by-laws that would adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series AA preferred stock 
 any amendment or alteration of our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, or by-laws to authorize, create or increase the authorized amount of, any shares of, or any securities convertible into shares of, any class or series of our capital stock ranking senior to the Series AA preferred stock with respect to either payment of dividends or the distribution of assets in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up or 
 the consummation of a reclassification involving the Series AA preferred stock or a merger or consolidation with another corporation or other entity, except holders of the Series AA preferred stock will have no right to vote under this provision if in each case (i) the shares of Series AA preferred stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which we are not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) such shares of Series AA preferred stock remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series AA preferred stock, taken as a whole 
 provided, however , that any authorization, creation or increase in the authorized amount of or issuance of our Series AA preferred stock or any class or series of Parity Stock or securities ranking junior to the Series AA preferred stock or any securities convertible into any class or series of Parity Stock (whether dividends payable in respect of such Parity Stock are cumulative or non-cumulative) or securities ranking junior to the Series AA preferred stock will be deemed not to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series AA preferred stock, and holders of the Series AA preferred stock shall have no right to vote thereon. 
 If an amendment, alteration, repeal, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would adversely affect one or more but not all series of voting preferred stock (including the Series AA preferred stock for this purpose), then only those series affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all such series of preferred stock. 
 Each holder of the Series AA preferred stock will have 25 votes per share on any matter on which holders of the Series AA preferred stock are entitled to vote, whether separately or together with any other series of our stock (the holders of any shares of any other series of stock being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of stock as may be granted to them), pursuant to Delaware law or otherwise, including by written consent. 
 Series AA Depositary Shares. Each Series AA depositary share issued by us represents a 1 1,000th interest in one share of our Series AA preferred stock. The shares of our Series AA preferred stock are deposited with Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as depositary. Pursuant to the deposit agreement, the depositary issued Series AA depositary shares, which are evidenced by depositary receipts. 
 Equiniti Trust Company, LLC acts as transfer agent and registrar and paying agent with respect to the Series AA depositary shares. 
 The depositary s office at which the depositary receipts are administered is located at Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, 1110 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101, Mendota Heights, MN 55120. 
 21 

The Series AA depositary shares were issued in book-entry form through DTC. This means that actual depositary receipts will not be issued, except in limited circumstances. This means that the Series AA depositary shares will be in the form of a single global depositary receipt deposited with a DTC nominee. Each beneficial holder must rely on the procedures of DTC and if the Series AA depositary shares are held through a broker or financial institution nominee, the beneficial holder must rely on the procedures of such broker or financial institution to assert the rights of a depositary receipt holder described in this section. 
 The depositary will distribute all cash dividends or other cash distributions received on the Series AA preferred stock to the holders of record of Series AA depositary shares in proportion to the numbers of such depositary shares owned by each holder. In the event of a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute property received by it to the holders of record of the Series AA depositary shares in proportion to the number of Series AA depositary shares held by each holder, unless the depositary determines that it is not feasible to make such distribution, in which case the depositary may, with our approval, adopt a method of distribution that it deems practicable, including the sale of such property and distribution of the net proceeds from such sale to such holders. 
 Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the Series AA depositary shares are the same as the corresponding record dates for the Series AA preferred stock. 
 The amounts distributed to holders of the Series AA depositary shares will be reduced by any amounts required to be withheld by the depositary or by us on account of taxes or other governmental charges. 
 If the Series AA preferred stock underlying the Series AA depositary shares is redeemed (i) after December 15, 2025, in whole or in part, or (ii) prior to December 15, 2025, in whole, but not in part, due to the occurrence of a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event, Series AA depositary shares will be redeemed with the proceeds received by the depositary from the redemption of the Series AA preferred stock held by the depositary. The redemption price per Series AA depositary share will be equal to 1 1,000th of the applicable redemption price per share payable with respect to such Series AA preferred stock (or 25 per Series AA depositary share), plus an amount equal to any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. If less than all the Series AA preferred stock is redeemed after December 15, 2025, the Series AA depositary shares to be redeemed will be selected pro rata, or in any other manner consistent with the rules and policies of the NYSE as the depositary may determine to be fair and equitable. 
 When the depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Series AA preferred stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail, or otherwise transmit by an authorized method, the information contained in the notice and any accompanying proxy material to the record holders of the Series AA depositary shares relating to the Series AA preferred stock. Each record holder of the Series AA depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the Series AA preferred stock, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of the Series AA preferred stock represented by the holder s Series AA depositary shares. To the extent possible, the depositary will vote the amount of the Series AA preferred stock represented by the Series AA depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. We will agree to take all reasonable actions that the depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any Series AA depositary shares representing the Series AA preferred stock, it will not vote the amount of Series AA preferred stock represented by such Series AA depositary shares. 
 Series CC Preferred Stock. Our Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock, Series CC, which we refer to as our Series CC preferred stock , with no par value, ranks senior to our common stock and to any other securities that we may issue in the future that are expressly made junior to our Series CC preferred stock, as to payment of dividends and or distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. The Series CC preferred stock ranks equally with our Parity Stock (as such term is defined in the certificate of designation for the Series CC preferred stock) as to payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 Dividends on shares of our Series CC preferred stock are not mandatory. Holders of our Series CC preferred stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors out of legally available assets, non-cumulative cash dividends on the liquidation preference amount, which is 25,000 per share of Series CC preferred stock. These dividends accrue at a rate per annum equal to 4.375 , payable quarterly in arrears on each March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15. The right of holders of our Series CC preferred stock to receive dividends is non-cumulative. The Series CC preferred stock was originally issued on February 1, 2021. On February 9, 2021, an additional issuance of Series CC preferred stock 
 22 

occurred due to the partial exercise of an over-allotment option granted to the underwriters. The first dividend payment date was March 15, 2021. 
 To the extent we declare dividends on the Series CC preferred stock and on any other Parity Stock but cannot make full payment of those declared dividends, we will allocate the dividend payments on a proportional basis among the holders of shares of Series CC preferred stock and the holders of any Parity Stock then outstanding where the terms of such Parity Stock provide similar dividend rights. No interest will be payable in respect of any dividend payment that may be in arrears. 
 We cannot pay dividends on our common stock or other securities ranking junior to the Series CC preferred stock or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of our common stock, other securities ranking junior to the Series CC preferred stock or Parity Stock, subject to certain exceptions, unless the full dividends for the then-current period on all outstanding shares of Series CC preferred stock have been declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of those dividends has been set aside. 
 We, at the option of our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors, may redeem, subject to the prior approval of the FRB, the Series CC preferred stock, in whole or in part, on any dividend payment date on or after March 15, 2026. In addition, within 90 days of our good faith determination that a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event (as such term is defined in the certificate of designation for the Series CC preferred stock), we, at the option of our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of the board of directors, may, subject to approval of the appropriate federal banking agency, redeem in whole, but not in part, the shares of Series CC preferred stock at the time outstanding prior to March 15, 2026. Any redemption shall be at the redemption price of 25,000 per share plus an amount equal to any dividends that have been declared but not paid to the redemption date without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. 
 In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our Series CC preferred stock are entitled to receive a liquidating distribution in the amount of 25,000 per share, plus an amount equal to any dividends that have been declared but not yet paid, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends, to the date of liquidation, out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders, before any distribution is made to holders of our common stock or any securities ranking junior to the Series CC preferred stock and subject to the rights of the holders of Parity Stock or any of our stock ranking senior to the Series CC preferred stock as to such distribution and the rights of our depositors and other creditors. 
 Holders of our Series CC preferred stock do not have any voting rights and are not entitled to elect any directors, except as required by law and except for the voting rights provided for below. 
 Whenever dividends payable on any shares of Series CC preferred stock or any class or series of Voting Parity Stock (as such term is defined in the certificate of designation for the Series CC preferred stock) have not been declared and paid in an aggregate amount equal to, as to any class or series, at least six quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods, the holders of our Series CC preferred stock, voting together as a class with holders of Voting Parity Stock whose voting rights are exercisable, will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors of our board of directors at our next annual meeting of stockholders and at each subsequent meeting of stockholders, by a plurality of votes cast provided that our board of directors shall at no time include more than two such directors and including, for purposes of this limitation, all directors that the holders of any series of Voting Parity Stock are entitled to elect pursuant to like voting rights. Upon the vesting of such right of such holders, the maximum authorized number of members of our board of directors shall automatically be increased by two and the two vacancies so created shall be filled by vote of the holders of the outstanding Series CC preferred stock (together with the holders of shares of any one or more other series of Voting Parity Stock). At elections for such directors, each holder of Series CC preferred stock shall be entitled to 25 votes for each share held (the holders of shares of any other series of Voting Parity Stock being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of such stock as may be granted to them). The right of the holders of the Series CC preferred stock (voting together as a class with the holders of shares of any one or more other series of Voting Parity Stock) to elect such directors shall continue until such time as we have paid in full dividends for the equivalent of at least four quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent, at which time such right with respect to the Series CC preferred stock shall terminate, except as provided by law, and subject to revesting in the event of each and every subsequent nonpayment of dividends. Upon any termination of the right of the holders of all shares of Series CC preferred stock and Voting Parity Stock to vote for directors, the term of office of all such directors then in office elected by only those holders voting as a class shall terminate immediately. Whenever the term of office of the directors elected by such holders voting as a 
 23 

class shall end and the special voting powers vested in such holders shall have expired, the number of directors shall be such number as may be provided for in our by-laws. 
 In addition to any other vote required by law or our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, so long as any shares of our Series CC preferred stock are outstanding, the vote or consent of the holders of the outstanding shares of our Series CC preferred stock and outstanding shares of all other series of Voting Parity Stock entitled to vote on the matter, by a vote of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all such outstanding Series CC preferred stock and such Voting Parity Stock, voting together as a class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or at any meeting called for the purpose, will be necessary to permit, effect or validate any one or more of the following actions, whether or not such approval is required by Delaware law 
 the issuance of any series of preferred stock or preference stock ranking senior to the Series CC preferred stock with respect to either the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up 
 any amendment, alteration or repeal of any provision of our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (including the certificate of designation relating to the Series CC preferred stock) or our by-laws that would adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series CC preferred stock 
 any amendment or alteration of our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, or by-laws to authorize, create or increase the authorized amount of, any shares of, or any securities convertible into shares of, any class or series of our capital stock ranking senior to the Series CC preferred stock with respect to either payment of dividends or the distribution of assets in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up or 
 the consummation of a reclassification involving the Series CC preferred stock or a merger or consolidation with another corporation or other entity, except holders of the Series CC preferred stock will have no right to vote under this provision if in each case (i) the shares of Series CC preferred stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which we are not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) such shares of Series CC preferred stock remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series CC preferred stock, taken as a whole 
 provided, however , that any authorization, creation or increase in the authorized amount of or issuance of our Series CC preferred stock or any class or series of Parity Stock or securities ranking junior to the Series CC preferred stock or any securities convertible into any class or series of Parity Stock (whether dividends payable in respect of such Parity Stock are cumulative or non-cumulative) or securities ranking junior to the Series CC preferred stock will be deemed not to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series CC preferred stock, and holders of the Series CC preferred stock shall have no right to vote thereon. 
 If an amendment, alteration, repeal, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would adversely affect one or more but not all series of voting preferred stock (including the Series CC preferred stock for this purpose), then only those series affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all such series of preferred stock. 
 Each holder of the Series CC preferred stock will have 25 votes per share on any matter on which holders of the Series CC preferred stock are entitled to vote, whether separately or together with any other series of our stock (the holders of any shares of any other series of stock being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of stock as may be granted to them), pursuant to Delaware law or otherwise, including by written consent. 
 Series CC Depositary Shares. Each Series CC depositary share issued by us represents a 1 1,000th interest in one share of our Series CC preferred stock. The shares of our Series CC preferred stock are deposited with Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as depositary. Pursuant to the deposit agreement, the depositary issued Series CC depositary shares, which are evidenced by depositary receipts. 
 Equiniti Trust Company, LLC acts as transfer agent and registrar and paying agent with respect to the Series CC depositary shares. 
 24 

The depositary s office at which the depositary receipts are administered is located at Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, 1110 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101, Mendota Heights, MN 55120. 
 The Series CC depositary shares were issued in book-entry form through DTC. This means that actual depositary receipts will not be issued, except in limited circumstances. This means that the Series CC depositary shares will be in the form of a single global depositary receipt deposited with a DTC nominee. Each beneficial holder must rely on the procedures of DTC and if the Series CC depositary shares are held through a broker or financial institution nominee, the beneficial holder must rely on the procedures of such broker or financial institution to assert the rights of a depositary receipt holder described in this section. 
 The depositary will distribute all cash dividends or other cash distributions received on the Series CC preferred stock to the holders of record of Series CC depositary shares in proportion to the numbers of such depositary shares owned by each holder. In the event of a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute property received by it to the holders of record of the Series CC depositary shares in proportion to the number of Series CC depositary shares held by each holder, unless the depositary determines that it is not feasible to make such distribution, in which case the depositary may, with our approval, adopt a method of distribution that it deems practicable, including the sale of such property and distribution of the net proceeds from such sale to such holders. 
 Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the Series CC depositary shares are the same as the corresponding record dates for the Series CC preferred stock. 
 The amounts distributed to holders of the Series CC depositary shares will be reduced by any amounts required to be withheld by the depositary or by us on account of taxes or other governmental charges. 
 If the Series CC preferred stock underlying the Series CC depositary shares is redeemed (i) after March 15, 2026, in whole or in part, or (ii) prior to March 15, 2026, in whole, but not in part, due to the occurrence of a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event, Series CC depositary shares will be redeemed with the proceeds received by the depositary from the redemption of the Series CC preferred stock held by the depositary. The redemption price per Series CC depositary share will be equal to 1 1,000th of the applicable redemption price per share payable with respect to such Series CC preferred stock (or 25 per Series CC depositary share), plus an amount equal to any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. If less than all the Series CC preferred stock is redeemed after March 15, 2026, the Series CC depositary shares to be redeemed will be selected pro rata, or in any other manner consistent with the rules and policies of the NYSE as the depositary may determine to be fair and equitable. 
 When the depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Series CC preferred stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail, or otherwise transmit by an authorized method, the information contained in the notice and any accompanying proxy material to the record holders of the Series CC depositary shares relating to the Series CC preferred stock. Each record holder of the Series CC depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the Series CC preferred stock, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of the Series CC preferred stock represented by the holder s Series CC depositary shares. To the extent possible, the depositary will vote the amount of the Series CC preferred stock represented by the Series CC depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. We will agree to take all reasonable actions that the depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any Series CC depositary shares representing the Series CC preferred stock, it will not vote the amount of Series CC preferred stock represented by such Series CC depositary shares. 
 Series DD Preferred Stock. Our Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock, Series DD, which we refer to as our Series DD preferred stock , with no par value, ranks senior to our common stock and to any other securities that we may issue in the future that are expressly made junior to our Series DD preferred stock, as to payment of dividends and or distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. The Series DD preferred stock ranks equally with our Parity Stock (as such term is defined in the certificate of designation for the Series DD preferred stock) as to payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 Dividends on shares of our Series DD preferred stock are not mandatory. Holders of our Series DD preferred stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors out of legally available assets, non-cumulative cash dividends on the liquidation preference amount, which is 25,000 per share of Series DD preferred stock. These dividends accrue at a rate per annum equal to 4.25 , payable quarterly in arrears on each March 15, June 15, 
 25 

September 15 and December 15. The right of holders of our Series DD preferred stock to receive dividends is non-cumulative. The Series DD preferred stock was issued on July 27, 2021 and the first dividend payment date was September 15, 2021. 
 To the extent we declare dividends on the Series DD preferred stock and on any other Parity Stock but cannot make full payment of those declared dividends, we will allocate the dividend payments on a proportional basis among the holders of shares of Series DD preferred stock and the holders of any Parity Stock then outstanding where the terms of such Parity Stock provide similar dividend rights. No interest will be payable in respect of any dividend payment that may be in arrears. 
 We cannot pay dividends on our common stock or other securities ranking junior to the Series DD preferred stock or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of our common stock, other securities ranking junior to the Series DD preferred stock or Parity Stock, subject to certain exceptions, unless the full dividends for the then-current period on all outstanding shares of Series DD preferred stock have been declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of those dividends has been set aside. 
 We, at the option of our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors, may redeem, subject to the prior approval of the FRB, the Series DD preferred stock, in whole or in part, on any dividend payment date on or after September 15, 2026. In addition, within 90 days of our good faith determination that a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event (as such term is defined in the certificate of designation for the Series DD preferred stock), we, at the option of our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of the board of directors, may, subject to approval of the appropriate federal banking agency, redeem in whole, but not in part, the shares of Series DD preferred stock at the time outstanding prior to September 15, 2026. Any redemption shall be at the redemption price of 25,000 per share plus an amount equal to any dividends that have been declared but not paid to the redemption date without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. 
 In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our Series DD preferred stock are entitled to receive a liquidating distribution in the amount of 25,000 per share, plus an amount equal to any dividends that have been declared but not yet paid, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends, to the date of liquidation, out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders, before any distribution is made to holders of our common stock or any securities ranking junior to the Series DD preferred stock and subject to the rights of the holders of Parity Stock or any of our stock ranking senior to the Series DD preferred stock as to such distribution and the rights of our depositors and other creditors. 
 Holders of our Series DD preferred stock do not have any voting rights and are not entitled to elect any directors, except as required by law and except for the voting rights provided for below. 
 Whenever dividends payable on any shares of Series DD preferred stock or any class or series of Voting Parity Stock (as such term is defined in the certificate of designation for the Series DD preferred stock) have not been declared and paid in an aggregate amount equal to, as to any class or series, at least six quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods, the holders of our Series DD preferred stock, voting together as a class with holders of Voting Parity Stock whose voting rights are exercisable, will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors of our board of directors at our next annual meeting of stockholders and at each subsequent meeting of stockholders, by a plurality of votes cast provided that our board of directors shall at no time include more than two such directors and including, for purposes of this limitation, all directors that the holders of any series of Voting Parity Stock are entitled to elect pursuant to like voting rights. Upon the vesting of such right of such holders, the maximum authorized number of members of our board of directors shall automatically be increased by two and the two vacancies so created shall be filled by vote of the holders of the outstanding Series DD preferred stock (together with the holders of shares of any one or more other series of Voting Parity Stock). At elections for such directors, each holder of Series DD preferred stock shall be entitled to 25 votes for each share held (the holders of shares of any other series of Voting Parity Stock being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of such stock as may be granted to them). The right of the holders of the Series DD preferred stock (voting together as a class with the holders of shares of any one or more other series of Voting Parity Stock) to elect such directors shall continue until such time as we have paid in full dividends for the equivalent of at least four quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent, at which time such right with respect to the Series DD preferred stock shall terminate, except as provided by law, and subject to revesting in the event of each and every subsequent nonpayment of dividends. Upon any termination of the right of the holders of all shares of Series DD preferred stock and Voting Parity Stock to vote for directors, the term of office of all such directors then in office elected by only those holders voting as a class shall terminate immediately. Whenever the term of office of the directors elected by such 
 26 

holders voting as a class shall end and the special voting powers vested in such holders shall have expired, the number of directors shall be such number as may be provided for in our by-laws. 
 In addition to any other vote required by law or our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, so long as any shares of our Series DD preferred stock are outstanding, the vote or consent of the holders of the outstanding shares of our Series DD preferred stock and outstanding shares of all other series of Voting Parity Stock entitled to vote on the matter, by a vote of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all such outstanding Series DD preferred stock and such Voting Parity Stock, voting together as a class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or at any meeting called for the purpose, will be necessary to permit, effect or validate any one or more of the following actions, whether or not such approval is required by Delaware law 
 the issuance of any series of preferred stock or preference stock ranking senior to the Series DD preferred stock with respect to either the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up 
 any amendment, alteration or repeal of any provision of our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (including the certificate of designation relating to the Series DD preferred stock) or our by-laws that would adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series DD preferred stock 
 any amendment or alteration of our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, or by-laws to authorize, create or increase the authorized amount of, any shares of, or any securities convertible into shares of, any class or series of our capital stock ranking senior to the Series DD preferred stock with respect to either payment of dividends or the distribution of assets in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up or 
 the consummation of a reclassification involving the Series DD preferred stock or a merger or consolidation with another corporation or other entity, except holders of the Series DD preferred stock will have no right to vote under this provision if in each case (i) the shares of Series DD preferred stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which we are not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) such shares of Series DD preferred stock remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series DD preferred stock, taken as a whole 
 provided, however , that any authorization, creation or increase in the authorized amount of or issuance of our Series DD preferred stock or any class or series of Parity Stock or securities ranking junior to the Series DD preferred stock or any securities convertible into any class or series of Parity Stock (whether dividends payable in respect of such Parity Stock are cumulative or non-cumulative) or securities ranking junior to the Series DD preferred stock will be deemed not to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series DD preferred stock, and holders of the Series DD preferred stock shall have no right to vote thereon. 
 If an amendment, alteration, repeal, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would adversely affect one or more but not all series of voting preferred stock (including the Series DD preferred stock for this purpose), then only those series affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all such series of preferred stock. 
 Each holder of the Series DD preferred stock will have 25 votes per share on any matter on which holders of the Series DD preferred stock are entitled to vote, whether separately or together with any other series of our stock (the holders of any shares of any other series of stock being entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each share of stock as may be granted to them), pursuant to Delaware law or otherwise, including by written consent. 
 Series DD Depositary Shares. Each Series DD depositary share issued by us represents a 1 1,000th interest in one share of our Series DD preferred stock. The shares of our Series DD preferred stock are deposited with Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as depositary. Pursuant to the deposit agreement, the depositary issued Series DD depositary shares, which are evidenced by depositary receipts. 
 Equiniti Trust Company, LLC acts as transfer agent and registrar and paying agent with respect to the Series DD depositary shares. 
 27 

The depositary s office at which the depositary receipts are administered is located at Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, 1110 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101, Mendota Heights, MN 55120. 
 The Series DD depositary shares were issued in book-entry form through DTC. This means that actual depositary receipts will not be issued, except in limited circumstances. This means that the Series DD depositary shares will be in the form of a single global depositary receipt deposited with a DTC nominee. Each beneficial holder must rely on the procedures of DTC and if the Series DD depositary shares are held through a broker or financial institution nominee, the beneficial holder must rely on the procedures of such broker or financial institution to assert the rights of a depositary receipt holder described in this section. 
 The depositary will distribute all cash dividends or other cash distributions received on the Series DD preferred stock to the holders of record of Series DD depositary shares in proportion to the numbers of such depositary shares owned by each holder. In the event of a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute property received by it to the holders of record of the Series DD depositary shares in proportion to the number of Series DD depositary shares held by each holder, unless the depositary determines that it is not feasible to make such distribution, in which case the depositary may, with our approval, adopt a method of distribution that it deems practicable, including the sale of such property and distribution of the net proceeds from such sale to such holders. 
 Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the Series DD depositary shares are the same as the corresponding record dates for the Series DD preferred stock. 
 The amounts distributed to holders of the Series DD depositary shares will be reduced by any amounts required to be withheld by the depositary or by us on account of taxes or other governmental charges. 
 If the Series DD preferred stock underlying the Series DD depositary shares is redeemed (i) after September 15, 2026, in whole or in part, or (ii) prior to September 15, 2026, in whole, but not in part, due to the occurrence of a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event, Series DD depositary shares will be redeemed with the proceeds received by the depositary from the redemption of the Series DD preferred stock held by the depositary. The redemption price per Series DD depositary share will be equal to 1 1,000th of the applicable redemption price per share payable with respect to such Series DD preferred stock (or 25 per Series DD depositary share), plus an amount equal to any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. If less than all the Series DD preferred stock is redeemed after September 15, 2026, the Series DD depositary shares to be redeemed will be selected pro rata, or in any other manner consistent with the rules and policies of the NYSE as the depositary may determine to be fair and equitable. 
 When the depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Series DD preferred stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail, or otherwise transmit by an authorized method, the information contained in the notice and any accompanying proxy material to the record holders of the Series DD depositary shares relating to the Series DD preferred stock. Each record holder of the Series DD depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the Series DD preferred stock, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of the Series DD preferred stock represented by the holder s Series DD depositary shares. To the extent possible, the depositary will vote the amount of the Series DD preferred stock represented by the Series DD depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. We will agree to take all reasonable actions that the depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any Series DD depositary shares representing the Series DD preferred stock, it will not vote the amount of Series DD preferred stock represented by such Series DD depositary shares. 
 Dividend Equalization Preferred DEP Shares . With regard to distributions upon liquidation or dissolution, our DEP Shares rank junior to any other class or series of our preferred stock issued in exchange for preferred stock established by the Wachovia Corporation Wachovia board of directors after September 1, 2001 and each class or series of preferred stock established by our board of directors following the issuance of the DEP Shares, and rank senior to the common stock for the 10.00 liquidation preference described below. 
 Holders of our DEP Shares are not entitled to receive any dividends, and the DEP Shares are not convertible or exchangeable. The DEP Shares are redeemable, in whole or in part, at our option after December 31, 2021, for an amount equal to 10.00 per DEP Share. We must provide no less than 30 and no more than 60 days notice prior to any date specified for redemption of the DEP Shares. If we redeem less than all of the outstanding DEP Shares, then we must redeem all DEP Shares held by holders of fewer than one-tenth of a share, or by holders that would hold fewer than one-tenth of a share following the redemption. 
 28 

In the event of liquidation, holders of our DEP Shares are entitled to receive, before any distribution is made to the holders of common stock or any other junior stock, but after any distribution to any other class or series of our preferred stock issued in exchange for preferred stock established by the Wachovia board of directors after September 1, 2001, an amount equal to 10.00 per DEP Share. The holders of DEP Shares have no other right or claim to any of our remaining assets. Each one one-thousandth of a DEP Share has a corresponding liquidation preference of 0.01. 
 Holders our DEP Shares do not have voting rights, except those required by applicable law or the rules of a securities exchange on which the DEP Shares may be listed. 

DESCRIPTION OF GUARANTEE OF MEDIUM-TERM NOTES, SERIES A, DUE OCTOBER 30, 2028 
 OF WELLS FARGO FINANCE LLC 
 
 The following description of Wells Fargo Finance LLC s Medium-Term Notes, Series A, Notes due October 30, 2028 (the Notes and the related Guarantee of the Notes by Wells Fargo & Company (the Guarantee is a summary and does not purport to be complete. This description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the indenture, dated as of April 25, 2018, among Wells Fargo Finance LLC, as issuer, Wells Fargo & Company, as guarantor, and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (the indenture ). Wells Fargo Finance LLC is a Delaware limited liability company and a direct, wholly-owned finance subsidiary of Wells Fargo & Company. References in this section to Wells Fargo Finance are solely to Wells Fargo Finance LLC and not to any of its subsidiaries, and references in this section to the Company are solely to Wells Fargo & Company and not to any of its subsidiaries, in each case unless the context requires otherwise or as otherwise indicated. 
 The Notes 
 Wells Fargo Finance issued 5,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Notes on October 31, 2018. The Notes are senior unsecured debt securities of Wells Fargo Finance, rank equally with all of its other unsecured unsubordinated debt and are part of a series of debt securities entitled Medium-Term Notes, Series A. Payment on the Notes is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. 
 The Notes mature on October 30, 2028 and bear interest at a rate of 4.50 per annum. Interest is payable semi-annually on April 30 and October 30 of each year. The initial interest payment date was April 30, 2019, and the last interest payment will occur at stated maturity. Interest payable with respect to a semi-annual interest period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. If a scheduled interest payment date is not a business day, interest will be paid on the next business day, and interest on that payment will not accrue during the period from and after the scheduled interest payment date. The paying agent (as defined below) for the Notes will pay interest to the person in whose name the Notes are registered at the close of business on the record date. The record date for an interest payment date is the date one business day prior to such interest payment date. A business day means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law or regulation to close in New York, New York. 
 The Notes are not subject to redemption by Wells Fargo Finance or repayment at the option of any holder and were issued in registered form in denominations of 1,000 each or integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. 
 The Notes were issued under the indenture, and the indenture and the Notes are governed by New York law. The indenture does not limit the amount of debt securities that Wells Fargo Finance may issue thereunder. 
 Citibank, N.A. is the trustee under the indenture. The paying agent for the Notes is Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as agent and attorney-in-fact for Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., acting through its office at 600 S. 4 th Street, 7th Floor, MAC N9300-070, Minneapolis, MN 55415. 

29 

The Guarantee of the Notes 
 The Company will fully and unconditionally guarantee, on an unsecured basis, the full and punctual payment of the principal of and interest on the Notes when the same becomes due and payable, at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise. If for any reason Wells Fargo Finance does not make any required payment in respect of the Notes when due, the Company will on demand pay the unpaid amount at the same place and in the same manner that applies to payments made by Wells Fargo Finance under the indenture. The Guarantee is of payment and not of collection. 
 The Company s obligations under the Guarantee are unconditional and absolute. However, 
 (1) the Company will not be liable for any amount of payment that Wells Fargo Finance is excused from making or any amount in excess of the amount actually due and owing by Wells Fargo Finance, and 
 (2) any defenses or counterclaims available to Wells Fargo Finance (except those resulting solely from, or on account of, its insolvency or its status as debtor or subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding) will also be available to the Company to the same extent as these defenses or counterclaims are available to Wells Fargo Finance, whether or not asserted by Wells Fargo Finance. 
 Holders of the Notes are direct creditors of Wells Fargo Finance, as well as direct creditors of the Company under the Guarantee. As a finance subsidiary, Wells Fargo Finance has no independent operations beyond the issuance and administration of its securities and will have no independent assets available for distributions to holders of the Notes if they make claims in respect of the Notes in a bankruptcy, resolution or similar proceeding. Accordingly, any recoveries by such holders will be limited to those available under the Guarantee by the Company and that Guarantee ranks pari passu with all other unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the Company. 
 The assets of the Company consist primarily of equity in its subsidiaries, and the Company is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. As a result, the Company s ability to address claims of holders of the Notes against the Company under the Guarantee depends on the Company s receipt of dividends, loan payments and other funds from its subsidiaries. Various federal and state statutes and regulations limit the amount of dividends that banking and other subsidiaries may pay to the Company without regulatory approval. In addition, if any of the Company s subsidiaries becomes insolvent, the direct creditors of that subsidiary will have a prior claim on its assets. The rights of the Company and the rights of its creditors will be subject to that prior claim unless the Company is also a direct creditor of that subsidiary. 
 Indenture Provisions 
 The indenture does not contain restrictions on Wells Fargo Finance s ability to 
 incur, assume or become liable for any type of debt or other obligation 
 create liens on Wells Fargo Finance s property for any purpose or 
 pay dividends or make distributions on Wells Fargo Finance s capital stock or repurchase or redeem Wells Fargo Finance s capital stock. 
 
 The indenture does not require the maintenance of any financial ratios or specified levels of net worth or liquidity. In addition, the indenture does not contain any provision which would require Wells Fargo Finance to repurchase or redeem or modify the terms of any debt securities upon a change of control or other event involving Wells Fargo Finance which may adversely affect the creditworthiness of the debt securities. 

30 

Consolidation, Merger or Sale 
 The indenture generally permits a consolidation or merger between Wells Fargo Finance and another entity and or between the Company and another entity. It also permits the conveyance, transfer or lease by Wells Fargo Finance of all or substantially all of its property and assets and or by the Company of all or substantially all of its property and assets. 
 With respect to Wells Fargo Finance, these transactions, if a transaction other than a conveyance, transfer or lease to one or more of the Company s subsidiaries, are permitted if 
 the resulting or acquiring entity, if other than Wells Fargo Finance, is organized and existing under the laws of a domestic jurisdiction and assumes all of Wells Fargo Finance s responsibilities and liabilities under the indenture, including the payment of all amounts due on the debt securities and performance of the covenants in the indenture and 
 immediately after the transaction, and giving effect to the transaction, no covenant breach (as defined below) or event of default under the indenture exists. 
 If Wells Fargo Finance consolidates or merges with or into any other entity or conveys, transfers or leases all or substantially all of its assets in accordance with the requirements of the indenture, the resulting or acquiring entity will be substituted for Wells Fargo Finance in the indenture with the same effect as if it had been an original party to the indenture. As a result, such successor entity may exercise Wells Fargo Finance s rights and powers under the indenture, in Wells Fargo Finance s name and, except in the case of a lease of all or substantially all of Wells Fargo Finance s properties, Wells Fargo Finance will be released from all its liabilities and obligations under the indenture and under the debt securities. The successor entity to a consolidation or merger may be the Company or a subsidiary of the Company. In addition, the successor entity in a conveyance, transfer or lease may be the Company. The indenture also permits Wells Fargo Finance to convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its assets to one or more of the Company s subsidiaries without any restriction and, in that event, those subsidiaries would not be required under the indenture to assume Wells Fargo Finance s liabilities and obligations under the indenture and the debt securities. 
 With respect to the Company, these transactions, if a transaction other than a conveyance, transfer or lease to one or more of its subsidiaries, are permitted if 
 the resulting or acquiring entity, if other than the Company, is organized and existing under the laws of a domestic jurisdiction and assumes all of the Company s responsibilities and liabilities under the indenture, including the guarantee of the payment of all amounts due on the debt securities to the extent provided in the indenture and performance of the covenants in the indenture and 
 immediately after the transaction, and giving effect to the transaction, no covenant breach (as defined below) or event of default under the indenture exists. 
 If the Company consolidates or merges with or into any other entity or conveys, transfers or leases all or substantially all of its assets in accordance with the requirements of the indenture, the resulting or acquiring entity will be substituted for the Company in the indenture with the same effect as if it had been an original party to the indenture. As a result, such successor entity may exercise the Company s rights and powers under the indenture, in the name of the Company and, except in the case of a lease of all or substantially all of the Company s properties, the Company will be released from all its liabilities and obligations under the indenture and under the debt securities. The successor entity to a consolidation or merger may be a subsidiary of the Company. In addition, the indenture permits the Company to convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its assets to one or more of its subsidiaries without any restriction and, in that event, those subsidiaries would not be required under the indenture to assume the Company s liabilities and obligations under the indenture and the debt securities. 
 The term subsidiary in respect of any specified person means any corporation more than 50 of the outstanding shares of voting stock, except for directors qualifying shares, of which shall at the time be owned, directly or indirectly by such specified person or by one or more of the subsidiaries of such specified person, or by such specified person and one or more other subsidiaries of such specified person. Voting stock is stock (or the equivalent thereof) that is entitled in the ordinary course to vote for the election of a majority of the directors, managers or trustees of a corporation and does not include stock (or the equivalent thereof) that is entitled to 
 31 

so vote only as a result of the happening of certain events references to corporation refer to corporations, associations, companies (including limited liability companies) and business trusts and references to any person refer to any corporation. 
 Events of Default and Covenant Breaches 
 An event of default , with respect to any series of debt securities, means any of the following 
 (1) failure to pay interest on any debt security of that series for 30 days after the payment is due 
 (2) failure to pay the principal of or any premium on any debt security of that series for 30 days after the payment is due 
 (3) the entry by a court having jurisdiction of (A) a decree or order for relief in respect of Wells Fargo Finance in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or (B) a decree or order adjudging Wells Fargo Finance a bankrupt or insolvent, or approving a petition seeking receivership, insolvency or liquidation of or in respect of Wells Fargo Finance under any applicable Federal or State law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, trustee or similar official of Wells Fargo Finance, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days 
 (4) the commencement by Wells Fargo Finance of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, the appointment of a receiver for Wells Fargo Finance under any applicable Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law following consent by the Board of Directors of Wells Fargo Finance to such appointment, or the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of Wells Fargo Finance in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, liquidation or similar law following Wells Fargo Finance s consent to such decree or order or 
 (5) the guarantee ceases to be in full force and effect, other than in accordance with the indenture, or the Company denies or disaffirms its obligations under the guarantee, provided that no event of default with respect to the guarantee will occur as a result of, or because it is related directly or indirectly to, the insolvency of the Company or the commencement of proceedings under Title 11, or the appointment of a receiver for the Company under the Dodd-Frank Act or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation having separately repudiated the guarantee in any receivership of the Company, or the commencement of any proceeding under any other applicable Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency, resolution or other similar law, or a receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official having been appointed for or having taken possession of the Company or its property, or the institution of any other comparable judicial or regulatory proceedings relative to the Company, or to the creditors or property of the Company. 
 If an event of default for any series of debt securities occurs and continues, the trustee or the holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of the series may declare the entire principal of all the debt securities of that series to be due and payable immediately. If such a declaration occurs, the holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series can, subject to conditions, rescind the declaration. The holders of Wells Fargo Finance s debt securities will not have the right to accelerate the payment of principal of the debt securities as a result of a covenant breach or Wells Fargo Finance s failure to perform any covenant or agreement contained in the debt securities or the indenture other than the obligations to pay principal and interest on the debt securities. 
 Events of bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or liquidation relating to the Company will not constitute an event of default with respect to any series of Wells Fargo Finance s debt securities. In addition, failure by the Company to perform any of its covenants or warranties (other than a payment default) will not constitute an event of default with respect to any series of Wells Fargo Finance s debt securities. Therefore, events of bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or liquidation relating to the Company (in the absence of any such event occurring with respect to Wells Fargo Finance) will not permit any of the debt securities to be declared due and payable and the trustee is not authorized to exercise any remedy against Wells Fargo Finance or the Company upon the occurrence or continuation of these events with respect to the Company. Instead, even if an event of bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or liquidation relating to the Company has occurred, the trustee and the holders of debt securities of a series will not be able to declare the relevant debt securities to be immediately due and payable unless there is an event of default with respect to that series as described above, such as Wells Fargo 
 32 

Finance s bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or liquidation or a payment default by Wells Fargo Finance or the Company on the relevant debt securities. 
 A covenant breach , when used in the indenture with respect to any series of debt securities, means failure to perform any covenant in the indenture that applies to debt securities of that series for 90 days after Wells Fargo Finance LLC and the Company have received written notice of the failure to perform in the manner specified in the indenture. 
 A covenant breach shall not be an event of default, and neither the trustee nor any holder of debt securities will have any acceleration rights if a covenant breach occurs or continues. 
 The indenture requires each of Wells Fargo Finance and the Company to file an officers certificate with the trustee each year that states, to the knowledge of a certifying officer, whether or not any defaults exist under the terms of the indenture. The trustee may withhold notice to the holders of debt securities of any default, except defaults in the payment of principal, premium, interest or any sinking fund installment, if it considers the withholding of notice to be in the best interests of the holders. For purposes of this paragraph, default means any event which is, or after notice or lapse of time or both would become, a covenant breach with respect to the debt securities of a series or an event of default under the indenture with respect to the debt securities of the applicable series. 
 Other than its duties in the case of a covenant breach or an event of default, the trustee is not obligated to exercise any of its rights or powers under the indenture at the request, order or direction of any holders, unless the holders offer the trustee indemnification. If indemnification is provided, then, subject to other rights of the trustee, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may, with respect to the debt securities of that series, direct the time, method and place of 
 conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee or 
 exercising any trust or power conferred upon the trustee. 
 The holder of a debt security of any series will have the right to begin any proceeding with respect to the indenture or for any remedy only if 
 the holder has previously given the trustee written notice of a continuing covenant breach or event of default with respect to that series 
 the holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series have made a written request of, and offered reasonable indemnification to, the trustee to begin such proceeding with respect to such covenant breach or event of default 
 the trustee has not started such proceeding within 60 days after receiving the request and 
 the trustee has not received directions inconsistent with such request from the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series during those 60 days. 
 However, the holder of any debt security will have an absolute right to receive payment of principal of and any premium and interest on the debt security when due and to institute suit to enforce this payment. 
 Modification and Waiver 
 Under the Indenture, certain of the rights and obligations of Wells Fargo Finance and the Company and certain of the rights of holders of the debt securities may be modified or amended with the consent of the holders of at least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of all series of debt securities affected by the modification or amendment, acting as one class. However, the following modifications and amendments will not be effective against any holder without its consent 
 a change in the stated maturity date of any payment of principal or interest 
 a reduction in payments due on the debt securities 
 33 

a change in the place of payment or currency in which any payment on the debt securities is payable 
 a limitation of a holder s right to sue Wells Fargo Finance for the enforcement of payments due on the debt securities 
 a reduction in the percentage of outstanding debt securities required to consent to a modification or amendment of the indenture or required to consent to a waiver of compliance with certain provisions of the indenture or certain defaults under the indenture 
 a reduction in the requirements contained in the indenture for quorum or voting 
 a limitation of a holder s right, if any, to repayment of debt securities at the holder s option 
 make any change in the guarantee that would adversely affect any holder or release the Company from the guarantee other than pursuant to the terms of the indenture and 
 a modification of any of the foregoing requirements contained in the indenture. 
 Under the indenture, the holders of at least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of all series of debt securities affected by a particular covenant or condition, acting as one class, may, on behalf of all holders of such series of debt securities, waive compliance by Wells Fargo Finance or the Company, as applicable, with any covenant or condition contained in the indenture unless Wells Fargo Finance specifies that such covenant or condition cannot be so waived at the time Wells Fargo Finance establishes the series. 
 In addition, under the indenture, the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series of debt securities may, on behalf of all holders of that series, waive any past default under the indenture, except 
 a default in the payment of the principal of or any premium or interest on any debt securities of that series or 
 a default under any provision of the indenture which itself cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the holders of each outstanding debt security of that series. 

US.361038393.02 

34 

</EX-4.C>

<EX-10.A>
 3
 wfc-1231x2023xex10a.htm
 EXHIBIT-10.A

Document 

Exhibit 10(a) 
 
 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement for Grants on or after January 23, 2024 
 
 Brackets identify provisions that may vary depending on the particular grant, grant recipient, and or other relevant factors. 
 
 WELLS FARGO & COMPANY 
 2022 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Grant Date applicable date 
 
 1. Award. Wells Fargo & Company (the Company has awarded you Performance Shares to provide an incentive for you to remain in the employment of the Company or an Affiliate and provide valuable services to the Company or an Affiliate. The target number of Performance Shares Target Award Number awarded you is identified as the Total Granted on the acknowledgement screen for your grant on this website. The Target Award Number is subject to upward and downward adjustments based on Company performance during the performance period (the Performance Period as set forth on Exhibit A. The Final Award Number is the number of Performance Shares awarded to you under this Award Agreement after adjusting the Target Award Number in accordance with Exhibit A. This Award Agreement also grants Performance Shares with respect to dividend equivalents as provided in paragraph 5. Each Performance Share entitles you to receive one share of Wells Fargo & Company common stock Common Stock contingent upon earning such Performance Share based on the Company performance criteria set forth on Exhibit A, vesting as set forth in paragraph 2 and subject to the other terms and conditions set forth in the Company s 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time (the Plan and this Award Agreement, including but not limited to the Clawback Policy (defined below) and other terms of paragraph 3, and Exhibits A through E hereto including the Wells Fargo Agreement Regarding Trade Secrets, Confidential Information, Non-Solicitation and Assignment of Inventions. 
 
 2. Vesting. Except as otherwise provided in this Award Agreement, the Final Award Number of Performance Shares will vest on the Determination Date as set forth on Exhibit A Determination Date ), subject to the Clawback Policy and other terms of paragraph 3. Shares of Common Stock will be issued to you or, in case of your death, your Beneficiary determined in accordance with the Plan. You will have no rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to any Performance Shares until settlement. However, you may be entitled to dividend equivalents as set forth in paragraph 5. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or this Award Agreement, vested Performance Shares will be settled and distributed in shares of Common Stock on or after the Determination Date and no later than applicable date (the Settlement Date ). You acknowledge that your transactions in any shares of Common Stock you may acquire pursuant to this Award are subject to your compliance with the Company s Personal Trading Policy, including with respect to certain blackout trading restrictions and preclearance requirements, to the extent applicable to you. 
 
 3. Clawback Policy. The Award is fully conditioned on and subject to the Performance Conditions (as defined in the Clawback Policy) to vesting and the other clawback, forfeiture and cancellation provisions described in the Wells Fargo & Company Clawback and Forfeiture Policy attached hereto as Exhibit C, as it may be amended from time to time (the Clawback Policy ). Further, if you are an officer of the Company within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (a Section 16 Officer ), the Award, including any payment or benefit received with respect to the Award, is subject to recoupment under the Wells Fargo & Company Mandatory Clawback Policy, attached hereto as Exhibit D. The Award is also subject to any other applicable reduction, recoupment, malus or clawback policies, practices or provisions of the Company and its Affiliates, as in effect from time to time, and any applicable reduction, recoupment, malus or clawback requirements imposed under laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 4. Termination. 
 
 (a) The definitions of the terms Separation from Service , Disability , Change in Control , and Cause and Retirement are set forth on Exhibit B to this Award Agreement, which definitions are incorporated by reference herein and the definition of the term Retirement is set forth in paragraph 4(e) . 
 
 (b) If prior to end of Performance Period you (i) cease to be an employee due to your death or (ii) die after the occurrence of an event described in paragraph 4(c), 4(d), or 4(e), and in the case of paragraph 4(e), you have satisfied the definition of Retirement Retirement s vesting conditions through your date of death, 

then the Target Award Number of Performance Shares under this Award Agreement after giving effect to any Net Operating Loss adjustments determined in accordance with Exhibit A for any years in the Performance Period completed prior to the year in which you die (and any Performance Shares with respect to dividend equivalents as provided below) will immediately vest upon the date of your death and will be distributed to your Beneficiary in shares of Common Stock between the date of your death and December 31 of the year following the year in which you die, notwithstanding the settlement provisions of paragraphs 4(c), 4(d) or 4(e), if applicable. 
 
 If you cease to be an employee due to your death on or after end of Performance Period and prior to the Determination Date, the Final Award Number of Performance Shares under this Award Agreement (and any Performance Shares with respect to dividend equivalents as provided below) will vest upon the Determination Date and will be distributed to your Beneficiary on the Settlement Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by the applicable last payment date set forth herein your Beneficiary has not presented evidence deemed satisfactory by the Company to allow transfer of the shares of Common Stock to the Beneficiary under applicable laws, the Company may treat all Performance Shares awarded hereby as forfeited, in which case the Company shall have no obligation to issue shares of Common Stock, benefits or anything else in lieu of such shares to your Beneficiary and shall have no liability therefor. 
 
 (c) If prior to the Determination Date you experience an involuntary Separation from Service due to (i) application of the Company s Extended Absence Policy to you in connection with a Disability, (ii) your termination of employment by the Company or an Affiliate without Cause, resulting in your receipt of severance pay in addition to any severance pay that may be mandated by applicable law, or (iii) the Company or Affiliate that employs you entering into a corporate transaction with another company (the purchaser and pursuant to the terms of the transaction you are continuing in employment with the purchaser after completion of the corporate transaction, then the Final Award Number of Performance Shares under this Award Agreement (and any Performance Shares with respect to dividend equivalents as provided below) will continue to vest upon the Determination Date and will be distributed to you in shares of Common Stock on the Settlement Date, subject to the Clawback Policy and the other terms of paragraph 3 above and the restrictions in paragraphs 8 and 9 below. 
 
 (d) If prior to the Determination Date, the Affiliate that employs you incurs a Change in Control and you continue employment with the surviving or purchasing corporation or other entity (or ultimate parent thereof), as the case may be, immediately after the Change in Control, then the Final Award Number of Performance Shares under this Award Agreement (and any Performance Shares with respect to dividend equivalents as provided below) will continue to vest upon the Determination Date and will be distributed to you in shares of Common Stock on the Settlement Date, subject to the Clawback Policy and the other terms of paragraph 3 above and the restrictions in paragraphs 8 and 9 below. 
 
 (e) If prior to the Determination Date you experience a Separation from Service for a reason other than Cause and you satisfy the definition of Retirement on your Separation from Service date or following your Separation from Service date at the end of an approved leave of absence not to exceed six months, then provided that you continue to satisfy such definition through the Settlement Date and that you complete any attestation to that effect as may be required by the Company, the Final Award Number of Performance Shares under this Award Agreement (and any Performance Shares with respect to dividend equivalents as provided below) will continue to vest upon the Determination Date and will be distributed to you in shares of Common Stock on the Settlement Date subject to the Clawback Policy and the other terms of paragraph 3 above and the restrictions in paragraphs 8 and 9 below , provided that beginning immediately after you cease to be an employee and continuing until the last vesting date upon which all Restricted Share Rights granted hereunder shall become vested, to the fullest extent enforceable under applicable state law, you do not perform services as an officer, director, employee, consultant or otherwise for any business which is in competition with any line of business of the Company or any Affiliate for which you performed your responsibilities while you were employed by the Company or any Affiliate (including predecessors thereof) and which does business in any location in the geographic footprint of the Company or any Affiliate for which you performed your responsibilities (the vesting condition . Any attestation request to verify you have continued to satisfy the definition of Retirement will be sent to your last provided contact information. You are responsible for providing up-to-date contact information to the Company and you can do so by calling Employee Care at 1-877-HRWELLS (1-877-479-3557). Failure to complete an attestation by the applicable deadline will result in immediate and irrevocable forfeiture of all unvested Restricted Share Rights. Failure to satisfy the definition of Retirement at any point will also result in immediate and irrevocable forfeiture of all unvested Restricted Share Rights. For purposes of this Award, the term Retirement is defined as termination of employment after reaching (i) age 55 with five completed years of service or (ii) such more favorable treatment as may apply based on the practices of the Company in effect from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you die following Retirement, any unvested Restricted Share Rights will vest in accordance with paragraph 4(b), provided that you satisfied the definition of Retirement s vesting 
 2 

condition immediately prior to your date of death. Further, If at any point you no longer satisfy the definition of Retirement Retirement s vesting condition , all unvested Performance Shares shall be immediately and irrevocably forfeited. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Award Agreement prohibits or restricts you (or your attorney) from initiating communications directly with, or responding to any inquiry from, or providing testimony before, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the National Labor Relations Board, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or any self-regulatory organization or governmental authority charged with the enforcement of any laws. 
 
 (f) If prior to the Determination Date you incur a termination of employment other than for a reason described in paragraph 4(b), 4(c), 4(d) or 4(e), any unvested Performance Shares awarded hereby (including any Performance Shares with respect to dividend equivalents as provided below) will immediately terminate without notice to you and will be forfeited. For avoidance of doubt, a termination of employment other than as described in paragraph 4(b), 4(c), 4(d) or 4(e) includes, without limitation, a voluntary termination that does not constitute a Retirement and an involuntary termination for Cause. 
 
 (g) If the Performance Shares under this Award Agreement (and any Performance Shares with respect to dividend equivalents as provided below) are continuing to vest following an event described in paragraph 4(c), 4(d), or 4(e), then the vesting and settlement of the Performance Shares shall accelerate to the extent necessary to comply with any ethics agreement with the federal government in connection with your employment as a federal officer or employee in the executive branch, or to avoid violation of any federal, state, local, or foreign ethics law or conflicts of interest law that is applicable to you, subject to compliance with Section 409A, if applicable. Upon such event and in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A, if applicable, the Target Award Number of Performance Shares under this Award Agreement, after giving effect to any Net Operating Loss adjustments determined in accordance with Exhibit A for any years in the Performance Period completed prior to the year in which such accelerated vesting occurs (and any Performance Shares with respect to dividend equivalents as provided below), will immediately vest and be distributed to you in shares of Common Stock, subject to the Clawback Policy and the other terms of paragraph 3 above and the restrictions in paragraphs 8 and 9 below. 
 
 5. Dividend Equivalents. During the period beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the Settlement Date for the Performance Shares or the date the Performance Shares are forfeited, whichever occurs first, if the Company pays a dividend on the Common Stock, you will automatically receive, as of the payment date for such dividend, dividend equivalents in the form of additional Performance Shares based on the amount or number of shares that would have been paid on the Final Award Number of Performance Shares (or the NOL Adjusted Target Award Number of Performance Shares as applicable under paragraph 4(b) or 4(g)) had they been issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of the record date and, if a cash dividend, the closing price of the Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange as of the dividend payment date. You will also automatically receive dividend equivalents with respect to such additional Performance Shares, to be determined in the same manner. Performance Shares granted with respect to dividend equivalents will be subject to the same vesting schedule and other terms and conditions as the underlying Performance Shares, including the Company s right of recoupment or forfeiture, and will be distributed in shares of Common Stock when, and if, the underlying Performance Shares are settled and distributed. 
 
 6. Tax Withholding. The Company will withhold from the number of shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable hereunder (including with respect to dividend equivalents) a number of shares necessary to satisfy any and all applicable federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations and employment-related tax requirements Tax-Related Items ). In addition, the Company (or your employer, if different) will withhold from your compensation any and all applicable Tax-Related Items in the event all or a portion of the Performance Shares are treated as taxable prior to or other than on the vesting date set forth in paragraph 2 above and the number of shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable (if any) is insufficient to satisfy such withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items. Finally, you shall pay to the Company (or your employer, if different) any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or your employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the shares of Common Stock if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 
 7. Nontransferable. Unless the Committee provides otherwise, (i) no rights under this Award will be assignable or transferable, and neither you nor your Beneficiary will have any power to anticipate, alienate, dispose of, pledge or encumber any rights under this Award, and (ii) the rights and the benefits of this Award may be exercised and received during your lifetime only by you or your legal representative. 
 
 3 

8. Other Restrictions Amendment. The grant of the Award and issuance of Common Stock hereunder is subject to compliance by the Company, its Affiliates and you with all legal and regulatory requirements applicable thereto, including compliance with the requirements of 12 C.F.R. Part 359, orders issued under 12 U.S.C. 1818(b) (together with any agreements related thereto, orders and tax withholding obligations, and with all applicable regulations of any stock exchange on which the Common Stock may be listed at the time of issuance. For the avoidance of doubt, regulatory approval under Part 359 or any orders to which the Company is a party may be required for the issuance of Common Stock hereunder in certain circumstances, and the Company cannot provide any assurance that it will be able to request such approval in accordance with the requirements of Part 359 or any applicable order or that any requested approval will be received. Subject to paragraphs 13 and 14 below, the Committee or its delegate may, in its sole discretion and without your consent, reduce, delay vesting, modify, revoke, cancel, impose additional conditions and restrictions on or recover all or a portion of this Award if the Committee or its delegate deems it necessary or advisable to comply with, or to promote or facilitate compliance with, applicable laws, rules and regulations or as required under any procedures or policies implemented by the Company in furtherance of such legal or regulatory compliance. 
 
 9. Restrictive Covenants . In consideration of the terms of this Award and your access to confidential information, you agree to the restrictive covenants and associated remedies as set forth in the Wells Fargo Agreement Regarding Trade Secrets, Confidential Information, Non-Solicitation, and Assignment of Inventions (the TSA ), which is attached hereto as Exhibit E and is hereby incorporated by reference. Nothing in this Award Agreement prevents you from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment, discrimination, retaliation, sexual assault, wage and hour violations, or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful or that is recognized as against a clear mandate of public policy. Moreover, this Award Agreement does not, in any way, restrict or impede you, if you are a non-manager, from exercising protected rights to the extent such rights cannot be waived by agreement or exercising any rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act including the right to communicate with current and former co-workers and or third parties about terms and conditions of employment or labor disputes. Likewise, this Award Agreement is not in any way intended to prohibit or in any manner restrict you or your attorney from initiating communications with or participating in an investigation by a regulatory agency or governing body such as the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the National Labor Relations Board, nor does it prohibit you from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency. 
 
 If you breach any of the terms of the TSA, all unvested Performance Shares shall be immediately and irrevocably forfeited. For any Performance Shares that vested within one (1) year prior to the termination of your employment with the Company or an Affiliate or at any time after your termination, you may be required to repay or otherwise reimburse the Company or the Affiliate that employed you an amount having a value equal to the aggregate fair market value (determined as of the date of vesting) of such vested shares. This paragraph does not constitute the Company s exclusive remedy for violation of your restrictive covenant obligations, and the Company and or the Affiliate that employed you may seek any additional legal or equitable remedy, including injunctive relief, for any such violation. 
 
 10. Stock Ownership Policy. If you are an Executive Officer of the Company or a member of its Operating Committee, as a condition to receiving this Award, you agree that you are subject to the Company s stock ownership policy, as may be amended from time to time, and that as a result, you may be required to hold, including after your retirement, all or a portion of any shares of Common Stock issued to you pursuant to this Award in order to achieve compliance with such stock ownership policy. 
 
 11. Additional Provisions. This Award Agreement is subject to the provisions of the Plan. Capitalized terms not defined in this Award Agreement or on Exhibit B hereto or by reference to another document are used as defined in the Plan. If the Plan and this Award Agreement conflict, the provisions of the Plan will govern. Interpretations of the Plan and this Award Agreement by the Committee are binding on you and the Company. 
 
 12. No Employment Agreement. Neither the award to you of the Performance Shares nor the delivery to you of this Award Agreement or any other document relating to the Performance Shares will confer on you the right to continued employment with the Company or any Affiliate. You understand that your employment with the Company or any Affiliate is at will and nothing in this document changes, alters or modifies your at will status or your obligation to comply with all policies, procedures and rules of the Company, as they may be adopted or amended from time to time. 
 
 13. Section 409A . This Award is intended to be exempt from or comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the applicable Treasury regulations or other binding guidance thereunder Section 409A ). Accordingly, all provisions included in this Award Agreement, or incorporated by reference, will be interpreted and administered in accordance with that intent. If any provision of the Plan or this Award Agreement would otherwise conflict with or frustrate this intent, that provision will be interpreted and 
 4 

deemed amended or limited so as to avoid the conflict provided, however, that the Company makes no representation that the Award is exempt from or complies with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to the Award. The Company will have no liability to you or to any other party if the Award or payment of the Award that is intended to be exempt from or compliant with Section 409A is not so exempt or compliant or for any action taken by the Committee with respect thereto. 
 
 14. Six-month Delay . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or this Award Agreement to the contrary, if, upon your Separation from Service for any reason, the Company determines that you are a Specified Employee for purposes of Section 409A and in accordance with guidelines established by the Company from time to time, your Performance Shares, if subject to settlement upon your Separation from Service and if required pursuant to Section 409A, will not settle before the date that is the first business day following the six-month anniversary of such Separation from Service, or, if earlier, upon your death. 
 
 15. Severability and Judicial Modification. If any provision of this Award Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable under pertinent state law or otherwise or the Company elects not to enforce any such provision, including but not limited to Section IV(b) of the TSA, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect and the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be modified only to the extent necessary to render that provision valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. If the invalid or unenforceable provision cannot be, or is not, modified, that provision shall be severed from this Award Agreement and all other provisions shall remain valid and enforceable. 
 
 16. Applicable Law. This Award Agreement and the award of Performance Shares evidenced hereby will be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware (without regard to its choice-of-law provisions), except to the extent Federal law would apply. 
 
 17. Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Award and on any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with applicable law or facilitate the administration of the Plan and provided the imposition of the term or condition will not result in adverse accounting expense to the Company, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 18. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company is electronically delivering documents related to current or future participation in the Plan and is requesting your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through the current plan administrator s on-line system, or any other on-line system or electronic means that the Company may decide, in its sole discretion, to use in the future. 
 
 19. Entire Agreement. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Award Agreement (including Exhibits A through E attached hereto) constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the Award and supersede in their entirety all prior proposals, undertakings and agreements, written or oral, and all other communications between you and the Company with respect to the Award. 
 
 Signature page follows 

5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, WELLS FARGO & COMPANY has caused this Award Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its duly-authorized officer effective as of the Grant Date. 
 WELLS FARGO & COMPANY 
 
 By _ Louise Bushby ____________________________ 
 Its _ Global Head of Total Rewards ________________ 
 
 PLEASE NOTE Receipt of this Award is subject to your electronic signature on the current plan administrator s website acknowledging and accepting all the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan, including the exhibits to this Award Agreement. You must accept the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement on or before ____________ , 202_. Failure to do so within this time period may result in forfeiture of this Award in accordance with administrative procedures adopted under the Plan. 
 
 By clicking the Accept button below, (i) you agree that this is your electronic signature expressly acknowledging that (a) you agree to accept the Award subject to the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan, including but not limited to the Clawback Policy and the other terms of paragraph 3 and the restrictions described in paragraphs 8 and 9, (b) without limiting the generality of (a) above, you have read, understand, and agree to comply with the terms of the TSA attached hereto as Exhibit E and incorporated by reference herein, and (c) you acknowledge that you are a Section 16 Officer, and as such, are subject to the Wells Fargo & Company Mandatory Clawback Policy attached hereto as Exhibit D, and that in no event shall you have any right to be indemnified by the Company or any Affiliate for any loss in connection with any recoupment effected pursuant to the Wells Fargo & Company Mandatory Clawback Policy (or any other clawback or recoupment policy) and you expressly waive any such purported right and (ii) you acknowledge that the Company has not provided you with any legal advice. You have the right to consult with, and should consult with, your personal legal advisor prior to accepting this Award Agreement. 

6 

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY 
 2022 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Exhibit A to Performance Share Award Agreement 
 
 This Exhibit A sets forth the manner in which the Final Award Number will be determined. 
 
 Definitions 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the same meanings assigned to them in the Plan and the Award Agreement. In addition, the following terms used in the text of this Exhibit A shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 Average Return on Tangible Common Equity or Average ROTCE means, for the Company and each of the other Financial Performance Group Companies, the sum of the company s Return on Tangible Common Equity for each of the 12-month periods ending applicable dates during the Performance Period , which sum is then divided by three, rounded to two decimals. 
 
 Financial Performance Group Companies means, in addition to the Company, the companies listed below, provided that if, during the Performance Period, one or more of such companies shall merge, engage in a spin-off, or its existence or primary businesses shall terminate or cease due to receivership, bankruptcy, sale, or otherwise, then the Committee may eliminate such company as a Financial Performance Group Company or make such other equitable adjustments, such as adding an acquirer or a new company to the list of Financial Performance Group Companies, as it deems appropriate provided, however, that for purposes of determining TSR and the TSR Percentile, (i) any company that is acquired by another company during the Performance Period shall be excluded from the Financial Performance Group Companies and (ii) any company that files for bankruptcy during the Performance Period shall continue to be treated as a Financial Performance Group Company but shall be placed at the bottom of the Financial Performance Group Companies for purposes of determining the TSR Percentile. 
 
 Financial Performance Group Companies 
 
 Net Operating Loss means for any year in the Performance Period, that the Company reports a net loss in the Company's consolidated financial statements, and a net loss continues to exist after eliminating the effect of the following items, each determined based on generally accepted accounting principles (i) losses resulting from discontinued operations (ii) the cumulative effect of changes in generally accepted accounting principles and (iii) any other unusual or infrequent loss which is separately identified and quantified. 
 
 Return on Tangible Common Equity or ROTCE means, for the Company and each of the other Financial Performance Group Companies, the net income of the company as reported in its consolidated financial statements on an annualized basis less dividends accrued on outstanding preferred stock, divided by the company s average total equity less preferred equity, noncontrolling interests, goodwill, certain identifiable intangible assets (other than mortgage servicing rights) and goodwill and other intangibles on nonmarketable equity securities, net of applicable deferred taxes, as may be adjusted by the Committee, in its discretion, for the effect of (i) losses resulting from discontinued operations, (ii) the cumulative effect of significant changes in generally accepted accounting principles, and (iii) any other unusual or infrequently occurring gain or loss which is separately identified and quantified. 
 
 Relative ROTCE Percentile means the percentile rank of the Company's Average ROTCE relative to the Average ROTCE of the other Financial Performance Group Companies for the Performance Period. The Relative ROTCE Percentile will be determined by ranking the Average ROTCE of the Company and each of the other Financial Performance Group Companies from highest to lowest, with the company having the highest Average ROTCE being assigned a rank of 1. 
 
 Total Stockholder Return or TSR means, for the Company and each of the other Financial Performance Group Companies, (a)(i) the company s average closing price of a share of common stock (as reported in such reliable source as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion) over the applicable period , ending on applicable date End Price ), minus (ii) the company s average closing price of a share of common stock (as reported in such reliable source as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion) over the applicable period occurring in applicable period Base Price ), plus the value of any dividends declared on such common stock in respect of an ex-dividend date occurring during the Performance Period, as adjusted assuming such dividends were reinvested in shares of common stock of the issuing company on such ex-dividend date Reinvested Dividends ), divided by (b) 
 7 

the Base Price, as illustrated by the formula below (in each case, with such adjustments as are appropriate, in the judgment of the Committee in its sole discretion, to equitably calculate Total Stockholder Return in light of any stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends, and other extraordinary transactions or other changes in the capital structure of the company, as applicable) 
 
 TSR End Price - Base Price + Reinvested Dividends 
 Base Price 
 
 TSR Percentile means the percentile rank of the Company's TSR relative to the TSR of the other Financial Performance Group Companies for the Performance Period. The Relative TSR Percentile will be determined by ranking the TSR of the Company and each of the other Financial Performance Group Companies from highest to lowest, with the company having the highest TSR being assigned a rank of 1. 
 
 Determination of Final Award Number 
 
 1. Final Award Number. 
 
 The Final Award Number will be determined by (A) first, modifying (i) the Percentage of Target Award Number (rounded to the nearest whole percentage point and rounding up any half percentage point result) by (ii) the Relative TSR Modifier and (B) second, multiplying the result of (A) by the NOL Adjusted Target Award Number pursuant to the formula below 
 
 Final Award Number Percentage of Target Award Number Relative TSR Modifier NOL Adjusted Target Award Number 
 
 The Percentage of Target Award Number, Relative TSR Modifier and NOL Adjusted Target Award Number shall be determined as set forth in paragraphs 2 - 4 below. 
 
 2. Percentage of Target Award Number. 
 
 The Percentage of Target Award Number shall be determined by the sum of the percentages achieved based on the Company s Average ROTCE performance applicable percentage pursuant to subparagraph (a) below and the Company s relative Average ROTCE performance applicable percentage , as measured by its Relative ROTCE Percentile pursuant to subparagraph (b) below. If the Average ROTCE performance in (a) or Relative ROTCE Percentile in (b) falls between, respectively, the levels indicated in table (a) or the percentiles indicated in table (b), the applicable Percentage of Target Award Number will in each case be determined on a straight-line basis (i.e., linearly interpolated) between the two nearest percentages indicated in the applicable table. 
 
 a. applicable percentage of the Percentage of Target Award Number shall be determined by the Average ROTCE achieved by the Company over the Performance Period, as set forth in table (a) below 
 
 Average ROTCE applicable weighting) Percentage of Target Award Number applicable ROTCE 
 applicable 
 applicable ROTCE 
 applicable 
 applicable ROTCE 
 applicable 
 applicable ROTCE 
 applicable 
 applicable ROTCE 
 applicable 

b. applicable percentage of the Percentage of Target Award Number shall be determined by the Relative ROTCE Percentile achieved by the Company over the Performance Period, as set forth in table (b) below 
 Relative ROTCE Percentile applicable weighting) Percentage of Target Award Number applicable ROTCE 
 applicable 
 applicable ROTCE 
 applicable 
 applicable ROTCE 
 applicable 
 applicable ROTCE 
 applicable 
 
 8 

3. Relative TSR Modifier. 
 
 The Percentage of Target Award Number is subject to a TSR modifier (upward or downward by applicable percentage based on the Company s TSR Percentile, as set forth in the table below, subject to the Overall Final Award Cap set forth in paragraph 5 below, and provided that the positive modifier will not be applied if the Company s TSR is negative. 
 TSR Percentile Percentage TSR Modifier applicable percentile applicable percentage increase 
 applicable percentile applicable percentage applicable percentile applicable percentage decrease 

4. Net Operating Loss Adjustments. 
 
 If the Company incurs a Net Operating Loss for any year in the Performance Period, the Target Award Number will be reduced by applicable percentage for each such year, effective upon certification by the Committee of a Net Operating Loss for such year. The Target Award Number after giving effect to any such Net Operating Loss adjustment is referred to herein as the NOL Adjusted Target Award Number. If the Company does not incur a Net Operating Loss in any year in the Performance Period, your NOL Adjusted Target Award Number will be the same as the Target Award Number. 
 
 5. Overall Final Award Cap. 
 
 In no event shall the Final Award Number be greater than applicable percentage of the NOL Adjusted Target Award Number. 
 
 6. Example . 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 Committee Determination . The Committee shall determine the Final Award Number of Performance Shares after the end of the Performance Period and not later than applicable date . The date the Committee makes such determination is referred to in this Award Agreement as the Determination Date. 
 
 The Committee may, in its discretion, make positive or negative adjustments to the number calculated in accordance with paragraph 2(a) of this Exhibit A, Average ROTCE, as it deems equitable and appropriate, to exclude the effect of, or give appropriate effect to, the following types of events or matters with respect to the Company occurring after the Grant Date (i) economic and market factors (e.g., changes in interest rates, disruptions in capital markets) affecting the Company or its consolidated financial statements (ii) changes in accounting standards, principles, practices or policies, including the interpretation or application thereof, or in tax or other laws, rules, or regulations (iii) progress on risk and control work and regulatory commitments (iv) expenses related to restructuring and remediation, and for investments related to the risk and control environment or (v) other similar events, matters or changed circumstances. 
 
 The Committee shall make all determinations in calculating the Final Award Number of Performance Shares and the Committee s determination shall be binding. 
 
 Dividend Equivalents . As provided in paragraph 5 of the Award Agreement, you will be entitled to receive Performance Shares with respect to dividend equivalents on the Final Award Number (or the Target Award Number, as applicable, and as may be adjusted under paragraph 4(b) or 4(g) of the Award Agreement) to determine the total number of Performance Shares that will be distributed to you upon settlement. 
 
 Exclusion . In determining the Company s Average Return on Tangible Common Equity and Net Operating Loss for purposes of determining the Final Award Number of Performance Shares the impact of any penalties or other charges related to litigation, investigations or examinations arising out of retail sales practices of the Company or arising out of other material regulatory matters related to conduct of the Company, in each case during periods prior to your commencement of employment with the Company will be excluded. 

9 

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY 
 2022 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Exhibit B to Performance Share Award Agreement 
 
 Cause 
 
 Cause means (1) the continued failure by you to substantially perform your duties (2) your conviction of a crime involving dishonesty or breach of trust, conviction of a felony, or commission of any act that makes you ineligible for coverage under the Company's fidelity bond or otherwise makes you ineligible for continued employment or (3) your violation of the Company s policies, including but not limited to Wells Fargo s Code of Conduct (or the Code applicable to your line of business), Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy, Information Security Policies, and Risk Management Accountability Policy. For the avoidance of doubt, an event or conduct constituting Cause could take place before or after your termination of employment. 
 
 Change in Control 
 
 Notwithstanding the definition set forth in the Plan, for purposes of this Award, Change in Control means a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or the Affiliate that employs you, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company or the Affiliate that employs you within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) as determined by the Company. 
 
 Disability 
 
 You will be considered to have a Disability if you are (1) receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under the Company s or an Affiliate s long-term disability plan as a result of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months or (2) determined by the Social Security Administration to be eligible for social security disability benefits. 
 
 Financial Services Industry Business or Entity 
 
 Financial Services Industry Business or Entity means any business or entity that competes, or plans on competing, in or with any line of business of the Company, including but not limited to the below 
 Consumer banking, consumer lending, and or commercial banking, including, but not limited to, auto finance, deposits, originating and servicing mortgages, servicing and issuing credit and debit cards, payment servicing or processing or merchant services, custody, trust, treasury and or lending and processing services, digital banking, middle market banking, and investment services. 
 Wealth services, brokerage services, asset investment management services, alternative investments (such as real estate, hedge funds, private credit, private equity). 
 Investment, financial, or economic advisory services, including but not limited to, investment banking services (such as advising on mergers or acquisitions, underwriting, dealing in, or making a market in securities). 
 Insurance, providing and issuing annuities, and serving as an agent or broker for purposes of the same. 
 
 In addition, any company that provides the aforementioned services, products, or consulting in regard to such services, including banks, fintech, consulting, technology, and retail, may be considered a Financial Services Industry Business or Entity. Government and non-profit organizations are not considered Financial Services Industry Businesses or Entities. 
 
 Retirement 
 
 Retirement means 
 a. termination of employment after reaching the earliest of (i) age 55 with five (5) completed years of service, or (ii) 80 points (with one point credited for each completed age year and one point credited for each completed year of service) or (iii) age 65, provided that such age is attained by the end of the vesting period and 
 
 10 

b. provided that beginning immediately after you cease to be an employee and continuing until the Determination Date you satisfy each of the following conditions (i) you comply with the terms of the attached Wells Fargo Agreement Regarding Trade Secrets, Confidential Information, Non-Solicitation and Assignment of Inventions, which agreement is incorporated by reference herein, (ii) you do not express any derogatory or damaging statements about the Company or any Affiliate, the management or the board of directors of the Company or any Affiliate, the products, services or the business condition of the Company or any Affiliate in any public way or to anyone who could make those statements public, and (iii) to the fullest extent enforceable under applicable state law, you do not perform services as an officer, director, employee, consultant or otherwise for any Financial Services Industry Business or Entity (see Financial Services Industry Business or Entity definition above). This subsection (b) applies only to the extent permitted by applicable state law. For example, it does not apply to former employees living or working in California. 
 
 For purposes of this definition, you are credited with one year of service after completion of each full 12-month period of employment with the Company or an Affiliate as determined by the Company or Affiliate. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Award Agreement prohibits or restricts you (or your attorney) from initiating communications directly with, or responding to any inquiry from, or providing testimony before, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the National Labor Relations Board, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or any self-regulatory organization or governmental authority charged with the enforcement of any laws. 
 
 Separation from Service 
 
 A Separation from Service occurs upon your death, retirement or other termination of employment or other event that qualifies as a separation from service under Internal Revenue Code Section 409A and the applicable regulations thereunder as in effect from time to time. The Company shall determine in each case when a Separation from Service has occurred, which determination shall be made in a manner consistent with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h). The Company shall determine that a Separation from Service has occurred as of a certain date when the facts and circumstances indicate that the Company (or an Affiliate, if applicable) and you reasonably anticipate that, after that date, you will render no further services, or your level of bona fide services (either as an employee or independent contractor) will permanently decrease to a level that is 20 or less than the average level of your bona fide services (either as an employee or independent contractor) previously in effect for you over the immediately preceding 36-month period (or your entire period of service, if you have been providing services for less than 36 months). 
 
 The following presumptions shall also apply to all such determinations 
 
 (1) Transfers . A Separation from Service has not occurred upon your transfer of employment from the Company to an Affiliate or vice versa, or from an Affiliate to another Affiliate. 
 
 (2) Medical leave of absence . Where you have a medical leave of absence due to any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than six months, and you have not returned to employment with the Company or an Affiliate, a Separation from Service has occurred on the earlier of (A) the first day on which you would not be considered disabled under any disability policy of the Company or Affiliate under which you are then receiving a benefit or (B) the first day on which your medical leave of absence period exceeds 29 months. 
 
 (3) Military leave of absence . Where you have a military leave of absence, and you have not returned to employment with the Company or an Affiliate, a Separation from Service has occurred on the day next following the last day on which you are entitled to reemployment rights under USERRA. 
 
 (4) Other leaves of absence . In the event that you are on a bona fide leave of absence, not otherwise described in this definition, from which you have not returned to employment with the Company or an Affiliate, your Separation from Service has occurred on the first day on which your leave of absence period exceeds six months or, if earlier, upon your termination of employment (provided that such termination of employment constitutes a Separation from Service in accordance with the last sentence of the first paragraph of this definition). 
 
 11 

(5) Asset purchase transaction . If, in connection with the sale or other disposition of substantial assets (such as a division or substantially all assets of a trade or business) of the Company or an Affiliate to an unrelated buyer, you become an employee of the buyer or an affiliate of the buyer upon the closing of or in connection with such transaction, a Separation from Service has not occurred if the Company and the buyer have specified that such transaction will not, with respect to any individual affected by such transaction who becomes an employee of the buyer or an affiliate, be considered a separation from service under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), and such specification meets the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)(4). 

12 

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY 
 2022 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Exhibit C to Performance Share Award Agreement 
 
 WELLS FARGO & COMPANY 
 Clawback and Forfeiture Policy 
 
 Effective as of January 1, 2021, this Clawback and Forfeiture Policy (the Policy of Wells Fargo & Company Wells Fargo ), as adopted by Wells Fargo s Board of Directors, is as follows. 
 
 1. Definitions. For purposes of this Policy the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 1.1. Affiliate has the meaning set forth in the Wells Fargo & Company 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2022 LTIP ). 
 
 1.2. Award means any specific award of Incentive Compensation. 
 
 1.3. Board means the Board of Directors of Wells Fargo. 
 
 1.4. Cause means (1) the continued failure by the employee to substantially perform his her duties (2) conviction of a crime involving dishonesty or breach of trust, conviction of a felony, or commission of any act that makes the employee ineligible for coverage under the Company's fidelity bond or otherwise makes the employee ineligible for continued employment (3) the employee s violation of the Company s policies including but not limited to Wells Fargo s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (or the Code applicable to the employee s line of business), Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy, Information Security Policies, and Risk Management Accountability Policy or (4) the employee s breach of confidentiality or restrictive covenants entered into between the employee and the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, an event or conduct constituting Cause could arise, or be discovered by the Company, before or after the employee s termination of employment. 
 
 1.5. Committee means the Human Resources Committee of the Board or such other committee as designated by the Board. 
 
 1.6. Company means Wells Fargo, a Delaware corporation, and its Affiliates. 
 
 1.7. Covered Employee(s) in Management or CEM(s) means an employee who has been designated as a CEM by the Company based on his or her role, responsibilities, or activities, in each case under criteria established by the Company from time to time. 
 
 1.8. Executive Officer means any executive officer as designated by the Board to be subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 1.9. Incentive Compensation means all incentives, whether paid in cash or in equity that are awarded, granted, earned, vested or paid to an employee. 
 
 1.10. Performance Conditions has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 of the Policy. 
 
 1.11. Performance Share means an award granted under the 2022 LTIP or the Wells Fargo & Company Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan whereby the recipient may receive shares of Wells Fargo & Company common stock, their cash equivalent, or a combination thereof, based on the achievement of 
 13 

one or more specified performance criteria during one or more Performance Periods (as defined in the applicable plan document). 
 
 2. Authority to Claw back, Cancel, or Forfeit Incentive Compensation. The Committee shall be authorized to claw back, cancel, or forfeit Incentive Compensation from employees, including former employees of the Company, to the extent permitted by applicable law, in the following circumstances 
 
 2.1. Short-Term Cash-Based Incentive Compensation. The Committee may claw back all or part of short-term cash-based Incentive Compensation cash incentive previously paid to a CEM to the extent that 
 
 a) The amount of the cash incentive was based upon the achievement of certain financial results that were subsequently reduced due to a financial restatement (public restatement) or was based upon one or more materially inaccurate performance metrics or 
 
 b) The CEM engaged in willful misconduct or gross negligence that caused material financial or reputational harm to the Company. 
 
 2.2. Long-Term Incentive Compensation. The Committee may (1) claw back all or a portion of any previously vested or paid long-term Award or (2) cause a performance adjustment, including the forfeiture or cancellation, of all or a portion of any unpaid or unvested long-term Award, if the Committee, or such other designee as referenced above, determines, in its discretion, that any one of the following Performance Conditions has occurred 
 
 a) The employee engages in (1) misconduct or commits an error that, in each case, causes material financial or reputational harm to the Company or to the employee s business group or (2) for purposes of a cancellation or forfeiture (but not for clawback), any conduct that constitutes Cause 
 
 b) The amount of the Award was based upon the achievement of certain financial results that were subsequently reduced due to a financial restatement (public restatement) or was based upon one or more materially inaccurate performance metrics 
 
 c) In connection with the employee s job responsibilities, (1) failure through willful misconduct or gross negligence of the employee, including in a supervisory capacity, to identify, escalate, monitor, or manage, in a timely manner risks material to the Company or to the employee s business group in accordance with Company policies and procedures (as applicable) or (2) the Company or the employee s business group suffers a material failure of risk management or 
 
 d) For purposes of unpaid or unvested Performance Share Awards only, failure of the employee, based on his or her role and responsibility, to achieve progress on resolving outstanding consent orders and or other regulatory matters in accordance with commitments made by the Company. 
 
 The Committee may consider any factors it determines necessary or appropriate in determining whether any of the aforementioned conditions apply and in determining whether a clawback or a performance adjustment, including forfeiture or cancellation, is appropriate and the amount thereof based on the particular facts and circumstances. All determinations by the Committee will be final and binding. 
 
 In addition, the Company may dismiss the employee, authorize legal action, or take such other action to enforce the employee s obligations to the Company as the Company may deem appropriate based on the particular facts and circumstances. The Company in determining the appropriate action, may but shall not be required to take into account penalties or punishments imposed by third parties, such as law enforcement agencies, regulators or other authorities. The Company s power to determine the appropriate remedial action with respect to the employee is in addition to, and not in replacement of, remedies imposed by such third party entities. 
 
 14 

3. Method of Clawback. The Committee, in its discretion, shall determine whether the Company shall effect a clawback (subject to applicable law) by (a) seeking repayment from the employee, (b) reducing the amount that would otherwise be payable to the employee under any compensation, bonus, incentive, equity or other benefit plan, agreement, policy or arrangement maintained by the Company, (c) canceling any unpaid or unvested Incentive Compensation previously awarded to the employee, (d) withholding compensation including grants of compensatory or equity awards, that otherwise would have been paid or made in accordance with the Company's compensation practices, commitments, or decisions, or (e) any combination of the foregoing. 
 
 4. Performance Year(s) Subject to Clawback or Forfeiture. The requirements of this Policy shall apply to (a) the most recent Incentive Compensation that has been vested and or paid, so long as such payment(s) have taken place within five years from when the Committee approves a clawback and (b) all unvested and or unpaid Incentive Compensation. 
 
 5. Delegation of Authority. Any power of the Committee under this Policy may be exercised, except with respect to Executive Officers, by a duly authorized delegate of the Committee. 
 
 6. Other Recovery Rights. Any right of recovery pursuant to this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Company under applicable law, any employment agreement, plan or award terms, or the terms of any policy, including, but not limited to, the Company s Mandatory Clawback Policy. 
 
 7. Interpretation. 
 
 7.1. The Committee has full authority to make determinations regarding the interpretation of the provisions of this Policy. 
 
 7.2. This Policy is applicable to all Incentive Compensation awarded or granted beginning January 1, 2021. 
 
 7.3. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Policy and the terms of any Company plan, agreement, policy or arrangement under which Incentive Compensation has been granted or awarded, the terms of this Policy shall prevail. 
 
 7.4. In the event that any provision of this Policy or any part hereof is found invalid, the remainder of this Policy will be binding on the parties hereto and will be construed as if the invalid provision or part thereof had been deleted from this Policy. 
 
 7.5. This Policy shall not apply to employees categorized as Identified Staff who are subject to the Malus and Clawback Policy for Identified Staff Employees. Identified Staff means individuals who have been classified as identified staff for the purposes of the remuneration codes of the UK Financial Conduct Authority, the remuneration rules of the UK Prudential Regulation Authority, the Investment Firms Prudential Rules of the UK Financial Conduct Authority, the EU Capital Requirements Directive, the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive, the EU Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities Directive, the EU Investment Firms Directive, or any associated directives, regulations and implementing legislation, rules or guidance, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time. 
 
 7.6. To the extent Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code is applicable to any Award, this Policy does not authorize any offset or substitution that would not comply with such Section. 
 
 8. Amendment or Termination. The Board or the Committee shall have the right to amend or cancel this Policy at any time if it determines in its sole discretion that such action would be in the best interests of the Company. Notwithstanding the authority of the Board or the Committee to amend this Policy, Wells Fargo s Chief Human Resources Officer or the Head of Total Rewards, or such equivalent title, may amend the Policy to incorporate administrative revisions. 
 15 

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY 
 2022 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Exhibit D to Performance Share Award Agreement 
 
 WELLS FARGO & COMPANY 
 Mandatory Clawback Policy 
 
 Effective as of October 2, 2023 (the Effective Date ), this Mandatory Clawback Policy (the Policy of Wells Fargo & Company (the Company ), as adopted by the Committee (as hereinafter defined), is as follows. 
 
 1. Purpose. 
 
 The Wells Fargo & Company Mandatory Clawback Policy (this Policy provides for the recoupment of Incentive-Based Compensation in the event of an Accounting Restatement, and is intended to comply with, and to be administered and interpreted consistent with, Listing Standard 303A.14 adopted by the New York Stock Exchange to implement Rule 10D-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (collectively, Rule 10D-1 ). Unless otherwise defined in this Policy, capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth in Section 2 below. 
 
 2. Definitions . For purposes of this Policy, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 2.1. Accounting Restatement means an accounting restatement due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any accounting restatement required to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 
 
 2.2. Board means the Company s Board of Directors. 
 
 2.3. Committee means the Human Resources Committee of the Board, except that the Board may determine to act as the Committee with respect to any portion of the Policy other than Section 4.3. 
 
 2.4. Covered Executive means any officer of the Company as defined under Rule 16a-1(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 2.5. Financial Reporting Measure means any measure determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements and any measure derived wholly or in part from such a measure. The Company s stock price and total shareholder return are also Financial Reporting Measures. A Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented within the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 16 

2.6. Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation granted, earned, or vested based in whole or in part on the Company s attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure that was Received by an individual (i) on or after the Effective Date and after such individual began service as a Covered Executive, and (ii) who served as a Covered Executive at any time during the performance period for the Incentive-Based Compensation. 
 
 2.7. Incentive-Based Compensation is deemed to be Received in the fiscal period during which the relevant Financial Reporting Measure is attained, regardless of when the compensation is actually awarded or paid. 
 
 2.8. Recovery Period means the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date that the Company is required to prepare the applicable Accounting Restatement and any transition period as described under Rule 10D-1. For purposes of this Policy, the date that the Company is required to prepare the applicable Accounting Restatement is the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 
 
 3. Recoupment of Incentive-Based Compensation 
 
 In the event of an Accounting Restatement, the Company will recover reasonably promptly the amount of any Incentive-Based Compensation Received during the Recovery Period that exceeds the amount that otherwise would have been Received had it been determined based on the restated amounts. 
 
 4. Policy Administration 
 
 4.1. This Policy shall be administered by the Committee, which is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration thereof. 
 
 4.2. If the Committee determines the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation Received during a Recovery Period exceeds the amount that would have been Received if determined or calculated based on the Company s restated amounts, the excess amount shall be subject to recoupment by the Company pursuant to this Policy. For Incentive-Based Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return TSR ), the Committee will determine the amount based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the relevant stock price or TSR. In all cases, the calculation of the amount to be recovered will be determined without regard to any taxes paid. 
 
 4.3. The Company is authorized to take appropriate steps to implement this Policy and may affect recovery hereunder by (i) requiring payment to the Company, (ii) set-off, (iii) reducing compensation, or (iv) such other means or combination of means as the 
 17 

Committee determines to be appropriate. The Company need not recover the excess amount of Incentive-Based Compensation if and to the extent that the Committee determines that such recovery is impracticable and not required under Rule 10D-1, including if the Committee determines that (i) the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered after making a reasonable attempt to recover, (ii) recovery would violate home country law adopted prior to November 28, 2022, after obtaining the opinion of home country counsel, or (iii) recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified broad-based retirement plan to fail the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 
 4.4. Any determinations made by the Committee under this Policy shall be final and binding on all affected individuals and need not be uniform among affected individuals. 
 5. Other Recovery Rights Company Claims 
 
 Any right of recovery pursuant to this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Company under applicable law, any employment agreement, plan or award terms, or the terms of any policy, including, but not limited to, the Company s Clawback and Forfeiture Policy and the Company s Malus and Clawback Policy for Identified Staff Team Members. Nothing contained in this Policy and no recovery hereunder shall limit the Company s right to dismiss any individual or limit any claims, damages, or other legal remedies the Company may have against an individual arising out of or resulting from any actions or omissions by such individual. 
 
 6. Reporting and Disclosure 
 
 The Company intends to file all disclosures with respect to this Policy in accordance with the requirements of federal securities laws. 
 
 7. Indemnification Prohibition 
 Notwithstanding the terms of any indemnification or insurance policy or any contractual arrangement that may be interpreted to the contrary, the Company shall not indemnify any individual with respect to amount(s) recovered under this Policy, including any payment or reimbursement for the cost of third-party insurance purchased by such individual to fund potential clawback obligations hereunder. 
 
 8. Amendment Termination 
 The Committee may amend or terminate this Policy from time to time in its discretion as it deems appropriate provided, however, that no amendment or termination of this Policy shall be effective to the extent it would cause the Company to violate any federal securities laws, Securities and Exchange Commission rule or the rules of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 9. Successors 
 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all individuals who are or were Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators, or other legal representatives. 
 18 

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY 
 2022 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Exhibit E to Performance Share Award Agreement 
 
 Wells Fargo Agreement Regarding Trade Secrets, Confidential Information, Non-Solicitation, Notice Period, and Assignment of Inventions TSA 
 
 In consideration for my employment with Wells Fargo & Company and or any of its past, present, and future parent companies, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors, affiliates, and acquisitions (collectively the Company ), and the long-term award granted to me in connection with such employment and evidenced by the award agreement to which this TSA is an exhibit, I acknowledge that I have read and understand this TSA, and agree to abide by the terms of this TSA, which are as follows 
 
 I acknowledge that the nature of my employment with the Company permits me to have access to certain of its Confidential Information (as defined below). I understand that such Confidential Information is, and always will be, and shall always remain, the sole and exclusive property of the Company. Any unauthorized acquisition, disclosure, or use of this information would be wrongful and would cause the Company irreparable harm. I also acknowledge that if in the course of my employment I develop Inventions (as defined below), I agree to assign these Inventions to the Company. I agree that the property rights of such Inventions belong to the Company and agree to assist, as necessary, with the assignment of these Inventions to the Company. 
 
 I. Trade Secrets and Confidential Information 
 During the course of my employment I will have access to and learn about confidential, trade secret, and proprietary documents, materials, data, and other information, in tangible and intangible form, of and relating to the Company and its businesses (collectively, Confidential Information ). For purposes of this TSA, Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, all information not generally known to the public, in spoken, printed, electronic, or any other form or medium, relating directly or indirectly to business processes, practices, methods, policies, plans, publications, documents, research, operations, services, agreements, transactions, potential transactions, negotiations, know-how, computer software, applications, operating systems, web design, work-in-process, databases, manuals, records, articles, systems, supplier information, vendor information, financial information, results, accounting information, legal information, marketing information, advertising information, pricing information, credit information, design information, payroll information, personnel information, developments, reports, internal controls, security procedures, market studies, algorithms, product plans, ideas, inventions, unpublished patent applications, original works of authorship, discoveries, experimental information, specifications, customer information, consumer information, client information, manufacturing information, factory lists, distributor lists, and or buyer lists of the Company or its businesses or of any other person or entity that has entrusted information to the Company in confidence. 
 
 Confidential Information shall further include Trade Secrets of the Company. Trade Secret means all forms and types of financial, business, scientific, technical, economic, or engineering information, including patterns, plans, compilations, program devices, formulas, designs, prototypes, methods, techniques, processes, procedures, programs, or codes, whether tangible or intangible, and whether or how stored, compiled, or memorialized physically, electronically, graphically, photographically, or in writing if (1) the owner has taken reasonable measures to keep such information secret and (2) the information derives independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable through proper means by, another person who can obtain economic value from its disclosure 
 19 

or use. The foregoing does not limit the definition of trade secret under any applicable state or federal law, with the broader definition taking precedence. 
 
 I further understand and acknowledge that this Confidential Information and the Company s ability to reserve it for the exclusive knowledge and use of the Company is of great competitive importance and commercial value to the Company. I understand that the above list is not exhaustive. 
 
 II. Disclosure and Use Restrictions 
 I understand that my obligation to maintain the confidentiality of all Confidential Information continues at all times during and after my employment. Confidential Information does not become any less confidential or proprietary to the Company because I may commit some of the Confidential Information to memory or because I may otherwise maintain the Confidential Information outside of the Company s offices. I acknowledge that such Confidential Information, including but not limited to Trade Secrets, is utilized by the Company throughout the entire United States and in other locations in which it conducts business. 
 
 I agree that any Confidential Information of the Company is to be used by me solely and exclusively for the purpose of conducting business on behalf of the Company. I am expected to keep such Confidential Information confidential and not to divulge, use, disclose, or make available this information except for such purpose. Accordingly, I have not, and will not, divulge, use, disclose, or make available Confidential Information, in whole or in part, to anyone (including other Company employees) not having a need to know and authority to know and use the Confidential Information in connection with the business of the Company. 
 
 I understand that nothing in this TSA shall be construed to restrict or prevent me from (i) disclosing Confidential Information to the extent required or permitted by applicable law, regulation, or valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or (ii) making a report to or filing a charge with an administrative, regulatory or self-regulatory federal or state agency or from participating in an on-going investigation with such agency or (iii) discussing the terms and conditions of my employment with coworkers or union representatives in exercise of my rights under section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. If I am required to disclose information pursuant to a valid court order, I agree to promptly provide written notice of any such order to an authorized officer of the Company within 48 hours of receiving such order. 
 
 III. Notice Period 
 I understand and agree that in order to ensure a smooth transition of business and customer relationships, if I am in a job title and or job description set forth in the Appendix below and decide to either resign or retire, I agree to provide the Company with advance written notice, as specified below, before effectuating my resignation or retirement from the Company. I understand the required timing of such advance written notice is set forth in the Appendix below, corresponding to job title and or job description, with the number of days between a notice and a resignation or retirement constituting the length of my required notice period. 
 
 I understand this provision shall apply, to the fullest extent enforceable under applicable state law, unless a longer notice period is applicable to me pursuant to a Company policy or an agreement between me and the Company, in which case the longer notice period shall apply. I hereby acknowledge and agree that during the applicable notice period, I will continue to be an employee of the Company and will be required to assist in the transition of my work-related responsibilities provided, however, that the Company may instruct me not to report to work during my notice period and may, in its sole discretion, restrict my access to Company systems, shorten the duration of my notice period, or waive my notice period. I further understand that the Company may, during my notice period, limit or prohibit my contact or dealing with (or attempting to contact or deal with) any officers, employees, consultants, clients, customers, suppliers, 
 20 

agents, distributors, shareholders, advisers, or other business contacts of the Company. During any applicable notice period (as shortened by the Company, if applicable), I will continue to receive my base salary. 
 
 IV. Non-Solicitation of the Company s Customers and Employees 
 I understand and agree that the Company s relationships with its employees and customers are some of its most valuable assets and critical to its present and future success. I acknowledge that these relationships are established and maintained at great expense and investment and constitute a protectable interest of the Company. I further understand and agree that through my employment at the Company, I will have unique exposure to and personal contact directly with the Company s customers. 
 
 I therefore agree that during my employment and for a period of one (1) year immediately following termination or resignation of my employment for any reason, or, if longer, the remaining vesting period of any long-term award granted in connection with this TSA, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, I will not do any of the following either directly or through associates, agents, or employees without prior written approval from the Company s Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 a. Solicit, recruit, or promote the solicitation or recruitment of any employee or consultant of the Company for the purpose of encouraging that employee or consultant to leave the Company s employ or sever an agreement for services or 
 
 b. Solicit, participate in, or promote the solicitation of any of the Company's actual or prospective clients or customers with whom I had Material Contact and or regarding whom I received Confidential Information for the purpose of providing products or services that are (i) in competition with the Company's products or services Competitive Products Services and (ii) the same or similar to products or services I provided on behalf of the Company during the last (2) years of my employment with the Company. Material Contact means direct interaction between either me and or an employee I managed and an actual or prospective client or customer occurring within one (1) year prior to my last day as a Wells Fargo employee that takes place to create, manage, service, or further the business relationship between that prospective client customer and the Company. 
 
 These time period limitations are not intended to limit the Company s right to prevent misappropriation of its Confidential Information beyond these periods. In the event that the Notice Period requirements in Section III above apply, I acknowledge and agree that termination of my employment will occur at the end of the Notice Period. I further understand that I am encouraged to consult with counsel regarding this TSA. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing in this Section IV, the restrictions on solicitation contemplated herein apply only to the extent permitted by state law (for example, the customer solicitation restriction in subsection b does not apply to employees or former employees who primarily reside or work in California). 
 
 V. Return of Company Property 
 If I resign or am terminated from my employment for any reason, I agree to immediately (a) return to the Company all Company property, including keys, access cards, security devices, network access devices, computers, smartphones, equipment, manuals, reports, files, compilations, work product, email messages, recordings, disks, thumb drives, or other removable information storage devices, hard drives, and data and all the Company s documents and materials belonging to the Company and stored in any fashion, including but not limited to those that constitute or contain any Confidential Information and (b) delete or destroy all copies of any such documents and materials not returned to the Company that remain in my possession or control on any non-Company devices, networks, storage locations, and media in my 
 21 

possession or control. I understand that this obligation shall remain in effect for as long as the information or materials in question retain their status as Confidential Information. I further understand that I am obligated upon request to provide any passwords to Company property that is in my possession, custody, or control, or that has been in my possession, custody, or control. 
 
 VI. Compliance with Other Agreements 
 I certify that, to the extent applicable to me, I have complied and will continue to comply with any other policies or agreements covering trade secrets, inventions, confidential information, or solicitation from any former employer. I further certify that, to the best of my information and belief, I am not a party to any other agreement that either does or will interfere with my full compliance with this TSA, including any agreement I have entered into with any other employer, entity, or person relating to the non-disclosure of information. I further certify that I have disclosed any such agreements to the Company for review. I also certify that I will not disclose to the Company, or induce the Company to use, any confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any previous employer or others. I agree not to enter into any written or oral agreement that conflicts with any provision of this TSA. 
 
 VII. Assignment of Inventions 
 I agree to and do hereby assign to the Company all inventions, discoveries, designs, formulas, modifications, improvements, new ideas, business methods, processes, algorithms, software programs, know-how or trade secrets, or other works or concepts, and all intellectual property rights therein, whether recorded in a written document, electronically, or not recorded at all, and whether or not protectable and or elected by the Company to be protected as intellectual property that I make, conceive, develop, reduce to practice, or author (alone or in conjunction with others) during my employment with the Company that (1) relate to the Company s business, or to actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company or (2) involve the use of any time, material, information, or facility of the Company Inventions ). I will also promptly disclose in writing complete information regarding each Invention to the Company. I further agree that all Inventions shall be deemed part of the Confidential Information. 
 
 I agree that all copyrightable Inventions shall be deemed works made for hire under the United States Copyright Act, provided that in the event and to the extent such Inventions are determined not to constitute works made for hire, I hereby irrevocably assign and transfer to the Company all rights, title, and interest in such Inventions. To the extent this TSA does not assign moral rights in any such Inventions, I hereby irrevocably waive such moral rights and agree not to enforce such moral rights against the Company. 
 
 I hereby acknowledge having received notification that this Section VII does not obligate me to assign to the Company any rights in inventions that I developed entirely on my own time and without using the Company s equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information unless those inventions either (i) relate at the time the invention was made to the Company s business or to actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company or (ii) result from any work performed by me for the Company. 
 
 I agree to give the Company, without charge and at the Company s expense, both during and after my employment, all assistance it reasonably requires to evidence, establish, maintain, perfect, protect, and use the rights to the Inventions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, I hereby irrevocably appoint Wells Fargo as attorney-in-fact (coupled with an interest) to execute any such documents on my behalf. I further agree that I shall not be entitled to any additional compensation with respect to any and all Inventions. 

22 

VII. Defend Trade Secrets Act Immunity Notice 
 I understand that nothing in this TSA is intended to discourage or restrict me from reporting any theft of trade secrets pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 DTSA or other applicable state or federal law. The DTSA prohibits retaliation against an employee because of whistleblower activity in connection with the disclosure of trade secrets, so long as any such disclosure is made either (a) in confidence to an attorney or a federal, state, or local government official and solely to report or investigate a suspected violation of the law, or (b) under seal in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding. An individual who files a lawsuit for alleged retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in a court proceeding provided, however, the individual must file any document containing the trade secret under seal, and they may not otherwise disclose the trade secret except pursuant to court order. 
 
 I understand that I should immediately report any suspected or actual misappropriation or improper use or disclosure of Confidential Information and or Trade Secrets, pursuant to the Company s Code Conduct. I understand this TSA does not limit, curtail, or diminish the Company s rights under the DTSA or other applicable state or federal law. 
 
 IX. Employment At Will 
 I understand that nothing in this TSA alters the at will status of my employment with the Company or my obligation to comply with the policies, procedures, and rules of the Company. 
 
 X. Injunctive Relief and Damages 
 Recognizing the irreparable nature of the injury that my violation of this TSA would cause, and that money damages would be inadequate compensation to the Company, I agree that any violation or threatened violation of this TSA by me should be the proper subject for immediate injunctive relief, specific performance, and other equitable relief to the Company. Such relief, however, shall be cumulative and non-exclusive and, therefore, shall be in addition to any other right or remedy to which the Company may be entitled. To the extent they apply to me, I further agree to communicate the contents of this section and the non-solicitation and non-disclosure sections of this TSA to any prospective employer. 
 
 XI. Severability and Judicial Modification 
 If any provision of this TSA is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect and the invalid or unenforceable provision(s) shall be modified only to the extent necessary to render such provision(s) valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. If an invalid or unenforceable provision cannot be modified, that provision shall be severed from the TSA and all other provisions shall remain valid and enforceable. 
 
 XII. Choice Of Law Integration Survival 
 This TSA and any dispute, controversy, or claim which arises under or relates in any way to it shall be governed by the law of state where the incident(s) giving rise to the dispute or claim arose. This TSA supersedes any prior written or verbal agreements pertaining to the subject matter herein and is intended to be a final expression of the TSA with respect only to the terms contained herein provided, however, that the employee and customer non-solicitation provisions herein are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any such provisions contained in any prior agreements. There may be no modification of this TSA except in writing signed by me and an officer of the Company at the level of executive vice president or higher. This TSA shall survive my employment by the Company, inure to the benefit of successors and assigns of the Company, and is binding upon my heirs and legal representatives. 
 
 23 

APPENDIX TO TSA 
 
 The required timing of advance written notice addressed in Section III above is set forth in this Appendix, corresponding to job title and or job description, with the number of days between a notice and a resignation or retirement constituting the length of the required notice period. 
 
 Business Division 
 Applicable Job Titles and or Job Descriptions 
 Length of Required Notice Period 
 Any business division of Wells Fargo & Company or its Affiliates 
 Senior Executive Vice Presiden 
 Executive Vice Presiden 
 Direct report of an Operating Committee member, excluding non-executive 
 90 days 
 Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB) 
 Managing Director 
 90 days 
 Executive Director 
 60 days 
 Vice President 
 30 days 
 Commercial Banking 
 Managing Director 
 90 days 
 Executive Director 
 60 days 

24 

Exhibit 10(a) 
 
 Form of Restricted Share Rights Award Agreement for Grants to Non-Employee Directors on or after January 1, 2024 
 
 Brackets identify provisions that may vary depending on the particular grant, grant recipient and or other relevant factors . 
 
 WELLS FARGO & COMPANY 
 202_ DEFERRED EQUITY AWARD AGREEMENT 
 AND ELECTION FOR ADDITIONAL DEFERRAL 
 
 name 
 
 To recognize your service on the Board of Directors of Wells Fargo & Company (the Company ), the Company will award you the number of Restricted Share Rights valued at _________ as of the date of the Company s 202 _ annual shareholder meeting under the Wells Fargo & Company 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 202_ Equity Award the RSRs . Each Restricted Share Right RSR entitles you to receive one share of Company common stock. You will also receive a _________ annual equity retainer, granted quarterly, in exchange for your service as the Independent Chairman of the Board (the Equity Retainer, together with the RSRs, the 202_ Equity Awards ). The 202_ Equity Award s shall vest immediately upon grant, but shall be deferred under the Wells Fargo & Company Director Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan until your retirement or other termination from the Board of Directors, in accordance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code Separation from Service ), or later if so elected by completing this form. 
 
 I. For my 202_ Equity Award s , I elect 

(check the appropriate box) 
 
 NOT TO DEFER receipt of my 202_ Equity Award s beyond Separation from Service. 
 
 TO DEFER ________ of my 202_ Equity Award s beyond Separation from Service. 
 
 All deferrals of 202_ Equity Awards will be allocated to the Deferred Stock Account of the Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan. 

Complete Section II only if you elected TO DEFER beyond Separation from Service under Section I 
 
 II. Decision regarding Distribution I choose that payments from my deferred 202_ Equity Award account be made as follows 
 
 LUMP SUM as of ANNUAL INSTALLMENTS over ______ years 
 (must be a number between 2 and 10) 
 OR 
 
 I UNDERSTAND THAT ALL THE ELECTIONS MADE ABOVE ARE IRREVOCABLE AFTER __________ , AND CANNOT BE RETRACTED OR MODIFIED IN ANY MANNER FOR ANY REASON. 
 
 ________________________________________________________________ __________________ 

Signature Date 
 
 2 

Exhibit 10(a) 
 
 Form of Restricted Share Rights Award Agreement for Grants on or after January 24, 2024 
 
 Brackets identify provisions that may vary depending on the particular grant, grant recipient and or other relevant factors . 
 
 WELLS FARGO & COMPANY 
 2022 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED SHARE RIGHTS AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Grant Date applicable date 
 
 1. Award. Wells Fargo & Company (the Company has awarded you the number of Restricted Share Rights as set forth on the acknowledgement screen for your grant on this website (the Award ). Each Restricted Share Right entitles you to receive one share of Wells Fargo & Company common stock Common Stock contingent upon vesting and subject to the other terms and conditions set forth in the Company s 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time (the Plan and this Award Agreement. 
 2. Vesting. Except as otherwise provided in this Award Agreement, and subject to the Company s right to recoup or forfeit all or any portion of this Award and other conditions as provided in this Award Agreement, the Restricted Share Rights will vest according to the following schedule 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Shares of Common Stock in settlement of the Restricted Share Rights will be issued to you or, in case of your death, your Beneficiary determined in accordance with the Plan. Although you may receive dividend equivalents as provided below, you will have no rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to your Restricted Share Rights until settlement. Upon the vesting dates set forth above, but in any case no later than December 31 of the taxable year in which the applicable vesting date occurs (for each such date, the Settlement Period ), each Restricted Share Right will be settled and distributed as one share of Common Stock, subject to the Clawback Policy and the other terms of paragraph 3 and the restrictions in paragraphs 8 and 9 below. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Company determines that a Performance Condition (as defined in the Clawback Policy) or other clawback event under paragraph 3 below has occurred prior to settlement of your Restricted Share Rights, your Restricted Share Rights are subject to forfeiture. You acknowledge that your transactions in any shares of Common Stock you may acquire pursuant to this Award are subject to your compliance with the Company s Personal Trading Policy, including with respect to certain blackout trading restrictions and preclearance requirements, to the extent applicable to you. 
 
 3. Clawback Policy. The Award is fully conditioned on and subject to the Performance Conditions (as defined in the Clawback Policy) to vesting and the other clawback, forfeiture and cancellation provisions described in the Wells Fargo & Company Clawback and Forfeiture Policy attached hereto as Exhibit B, as it may be amended from time to time (the Clawback Policy ). If you are an officer of the Company within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Award may also be impacted by application of the Wells Fargo & Company Mandatory Clawback Policy. The Award is also subject to any other applicable reduction, recoupment, malus or clawback policies, practices or provisions of the Company and its Affiliates, as in effect from time to time, and any applicable reduction, recoupment, malus or clawback requirements imposed under laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 In the event that you are subject to additional award payout criteria under the Wells Fargo Bonus Plan or a line-of-business incentive plan, then the Award is also fully conditioned on and subject to your risk performance, as described in such plan and determined by the Plan Administrator of such plan or his or her delegate (the Plan Administrator ). The Plan Administrator may cancel all or any unpaid portion of the Award for negative risk or compliance outcomes at the individual level based on consideration of actual losses (as specified in the given plan), compliance, or risk infractions that occurred during any year this Award or a portion thereof is outstanding. 
 
 4. Termination. 
 (a) The definitions of the terms Separation from Service , Disability , Change in Control , and Cause and Retirement are set forth on Exhibit A to this Award Agreement, which definitions are incorporated by reference herein and the definition of Retirement is set forth in paragraph 4(d) . Paragraphs 4(c) and below are not applicable to you if your employment terminated prior to the Grant Date of the Award. 
 (b) In the event of your death, any unvested Restricted Share Rights awarded hereby (including any Restricted Share Rights granted with respect to dividend equivalents as provided below) will immediately vest upon 

your date of death and will be settled and distributed to your Beneficiary in shares of Common Stock between the date of your death and December 31 of the year following the year in which you die. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by the last date set forth herein your Beneficiary has not presented evidence deemed satisfactory by the Company to allow transfer of the shares of Common Stock to the Beneficiary under applicable laws, the Company may treat all Restricted Share Rights as forfeited, in which case the Company shall have no obligation to issue shares of Common Stock, benefits or anything else in lieu of such shares to your Beneficiary and shall have no liability therefor. 
 (c) If the Affiliate that employs you incurs a Change in Control and you continue employment with the surviving or purchasing corporation or other entity (or ultimate parent thereof), as the case may be, immediately after the Change in Control, or if you experience an involuntary Separation from Service as a result of one of the following 
 (1) application of the Company s Extended Absence Policy to you in connection with a Disability, 
 (2) your termination of employment by the Company or an Affiliate without Cause, resulting in your receipt of severance pay in addition to any severance pay that may be mandated by applicable law, or 
 (3) the Company or Affiliate that employs you entering into a corporate transaction with another company (the purchaser and pursuant to the terms of the transaction you are continuing in employment with the purchaser after completion of the corporate transaction, 
 then any unvested Restricted Share Rights awarded hereby (including any Restricted Share Rights granted with respect to dividend equivalents as provided below) will continue to vest and be settled pursuant to the schedule and within the respective Settlement Period set forth in paragraph 2 above, subject to the Clawback Policy and the other terms of paragraph 3 above and the restrictions in paragraphs 8 and 9 below. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you die following an event described in this paragraph 4(c), any unvested Restricted Share Rights will vest in accordance with paragraph 4(b). 
 (d) If you experience a Separation from Service for a reason other than those addressed above, without Cause, and you satisfy the definition of Retirement either on your Separation from Service date or following your Separation from Service at the end of an approved leave of absence not to exceed six months, or if you experienced such a Separation from Service prior to the Grant Date of this Award, then provided that you continue to satisfy the definition of Retirement through each applicable Award settlement date, then provided that you continue to satisfy the definition of Retirement through each applicable Award settlement date and that you complete any attestation to that effect as may be required by the Company, any unvested Restricted Share Rights awarded hereby (including any Restricted Share Rights granted with respect to dividend equivalents as provided below) will continue to vest and be settled pursuant to the schedule and within the respective Settlement Period set forth in paragraph 2 above, subject to the Clawback Policy and the other terms of paragraph 3 above and the restrictions in paragraphs 8 and 9 below provided that beginning immediately after you cease to be an Employee and continuing until the last vesting date upon which all Restricted Share Rights granted hereunder shall become vested, to the fullest extent enforceable under applicable state law, you do not perform services as an officer, director, employee, consultant or otherwise for any business which is in competition with any line of business of the Company or any Affiliate for which you performed your responsibilities while you were employed by the Company or any Affiliate (including predecessors thereof) and which does business in any location in the geographic footprint of the Company or any Affiliate for which you performed your responsibilities (the vesting condition . For purposes of this Award, the term Retirement is defined as termination of employment after reaching (i) age 55 with five completed years of service or (ii) such more favorable treatment as may apply based on the practices of the Company in effect from time to time . Any attestation request to verify you have continued to satisfy the definition of Retirement will be sent to your last provided contact information. You are responsible for providing up-to-date contact information to the Company and you can do so by calling Employee Care at 1-877-HRWELLS (1-877-479-3557). Failure to complete an attestation by the applicable deadline will result in immediate and irrevocable forfeiture of all unvested Restricted share Rights. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you die following Retirement, any unvested Restricted Share Rights will vest in accordance with paragraph 4(b), provided that you satisfied the definition of Retirement Retirement s vesting condition immediately prior to your date of death. If at any point you no longer satisfy the definition of Retirement Retirement s vesting condition , all unvested Restricted Share Rights shall be immediately and irrevocably forfeited. 
 
 (e) If your employment terminates other than for a reason described in paragraphs 4(b), (c) or (d) above, any unvested Restricted Share Rights awarded hereby (including any Restricted Share Rights granted with respect to dividend equivalents as provided below) will immediately terminate without notice to you and will be forfeited. 
 2 

5. Dividend Equivalents. During the period beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the date the applicable Restricted Share Rights vest and are distributed, or are forfeited, whichever occurs first, if the Company pays a dividend on the Common Stock, you will automatically receive, as of the payment date for such dividend, dividend equivalents in the form of additional Restricted Share Rights based on the amount or number of shares that would have been paid on the Restricted Share Rights had they been issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of the record date and, if a cash dividend, the closing price of the Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange as of the dividend payment date. You will also automatically receive dividend equivalents with respect to such additional Restricted Share Rights, to be granted in the same manner. Restricted Share Rights granted with respect to dividend equivalents will be subject to the same vesting schedule and other terms and conditions as the underlying Restricted Share Rights, including the Company s right of recoupment or forfeiture, and will be distributed in shares of Common Stock when, and if, the underlying Restricted Share Rights are settled and distributed. 
 6. Tax Withholding. Regardless of any action the Company or an Affiliate which is or was your employer (the Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you or deemed by the Company or the Employer to be an appropriate charge to you even if technically due by the Company or the Employer Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount (if any) withheld by the Company or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Share Rights, the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon settlement of the Restricted Share Rights, the subsequent sale of shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to such issuance and the receipt of any dividends and or any dividend equivalents and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate your liability for such Tax-Related Items or to achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or an Affiliate, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you shall pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion and pursuant to such procedures as the Company may specify from time to time, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (1) withholding from any wages or other cash compensation paid to you by the Company and or the Employer (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting and settlement of the Restricted Share Rights either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) or (3) withholding in shares of Common Stock to be issued upon vesting and settlement of the Restricted Share Rights. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are subject to the short-swing profit rules of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the Company will withhold in shares of Common Stock upon the relevant tax withholding event, including with respect to any Tax-Related Items required to be withheld prior to the vesting dates set forth in paragraph 2. Only if withholding in shares of Common Stock is prevented by applicable law or has materially adverse accounting or tax consequences, may the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items for individuals subject to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act be satisfied by one or a combination of methods (1) and (2) above. 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates, in which case you will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent. Anything to the contrary in this paragraph 6 notwithstanding, the Company s or the Employer s right to withhold any amounts payable pursuant to this Award to cover Tax-Related Items for any portion of the Award that is considered deferred compensation subject to Section 409A (as defined in paragraph 11 below) shall be limited to the minimum amount permitted to avoid a prohibited acceleration under Section 409A. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in shares of Common Stock, for tax purposes, you will be deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Common Stock subject to the vested Restricted Share Rights, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Common Stock are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan. 
 Finally, you shall pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the shares, or the proceeds of the sale of shares of Common Stock, if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 3 

7. Nontransferable. Unless the Committee provides otherwise, (i) no rights under this Award will be assignable or transferable, and neither you nor your Beneficiary will have any power to anticipate, alienate, dispose of, pledge or encumber any rights under this Award, and (ii) the rights and the benefits of this Award may be exercised and received during your lifetime only by you or your legal representative. 
 8. Other Restrictions Amendment. The grant of the Award and issuance of Common Stock hereunder is subject to compliance by the Company, its Affiliates and you with all legal and regulatory requirements applicable thereto, including compliance with the requirements of 12 C.F.R. Part 359, orders issued under 12 U.S.C. 1818(b) (together with any agreements related thereto, orders and tax withholding obligations, and with all applicable regulations of any stock exchange on which the Common Stock may be listed at the time of issuance. For the avoidance of doubt, regulatory approval under Part 359 or any orders to which the Company is a party may be required for the issuance of Common Stock hereunder in certain circumstances, and the Company cannot provide any assurance that it will be able to request such approval in accordance with the requirements of Part 359 or any applicable order or that any requested approval will be received. Subject to paragraphs 11 and 12 below, the Committee or its delegate may, in its sole discretion and without your consent, reduce, delay vesting, modify, revoke, cancel, impose additional conditions and restrictions on or recover all or a portion of this Award if the Committee or its delegate deems it necessary or advisable to comply with, or to promote or facilitate compliance with, applicable laws, rules and regulations or as required under any procedures or policies implemented by the Company in furtherance of such legal or regulatory compliance. 
 9. Restrictive Covenants. In consideration of the terms of this Award and your access to confidential information, you agree to the restrictive covenants and associated remedies as set forth in the Wells Fargo Agreement Regarding Trade Secrets, Confidential Information, Non-Solicitation, and Assignment of Inventions (the TSA ), which is attached hereto as Exhibit C and is hereby incorporated by reference. Nothing in this Award Agreement prevents you from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment, discrimination, retaliation, sexual assault, wage and hour violations, or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful or that is recognized as against a clear mandate of public policy. Moreover, this Award Agreement does not, in any way, restrict or impede you, if you are a non-manager, from exercising protected rights to the extent such rights cannot be waived by agreement or exercising any rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act including the right to communicate with current and former co-workers and or third parties about terms and conditions of employment or labor disputes. Likewise, this Award Agreement is not in any way intended to prohibit or in any manner restrict you or your attorney from initiating communications with or participating in an investigation by a regulatory agency or governing body such as the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the National Labor Relations Board, nor does it prohibit you from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency 
 If you breach any of the terms of the TSA, all unvested Restricted Share Rights shall be immediately and irrevocably forfeited. For any Restricted Share Rights that vested within one (1) year prior to the termination of your employment with the Company or an Affiliate or at any time after your termination, you may be required to repay or otherwise reimburse the Company or the Affiliate that employed you an amount having a value equal to the aggregate fair market value (determined as of the date of vesting) of such vested shares. This paragraph does not constitute the Company s exclusive remedy for violation of your restrictive covenant obligations, and the Company and or the Affiliate that employed you may seek any additional legal or equitable remedy, including injunctive relief, for any such violation. 
 10. No Employment Agreement. If you are an employee of the Company or an Affiliate, neither the award to you of the Restricted Share Rights nor the delivery to you of this Award Agreement or any other document relating to the Restricted Share Rights will confer on you the right to continued employment with the Company or any Affiliate. You understand that your employment with the Company or any Affiliate is at will and nothing in this document changes, alters or modifies your at will status or your obligation to comply with all policies, procedures and rules of the Company, as they may be adopted or amended from time to time. 
 
 11. Section 409A . This Award is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the applicable Treasury Regulations or other binding guidance thereunder Section 409A ). Accordingly, all provisions included in this Award Agreement, or incorporated by reference, will be interpreted and administered in accordance with that intent. If any provision of the Plan or this Award Agreement would otherwise conflict with or frustrate this intent, that provision will be interpreted and deemed amended or limited so as to avoid the conflict provided, however, that the Company makes no representation that the Award is exempt from or complies with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to the Award. The Company will have no liability to you or to any other party if the Award or payment of the Award that is intended to be compliant with Section 409A is not so compliant or for any action taken by the Committee with respect thereto. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or this Award Agreement to the contrary, it will not be a violation of the Plan or this Award Agreement, and you will have no right to damages, if the Restricted Share Rights are settled during any period permitted by Section 409A. 
 4 

12. Six-month Delay . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or this Award Agreement to the contrary, if, upon your Separation from Service for any reason, the Company determines that you are a Specified Employee for purposes of Section 409A and in accordance with guidelines established by the Company from time to time, your Restricted Share Rights, if subject to settlement upon your Separation from Service and if required pursuant to Section 409A, will not settle before the date that is the first business day following the six-month anniversary of such Separation from Service, or, if earlier, upon your death. 
 13. Stock Ownership Policy. If you are an Executive Officer of the Company or a member of its Operating Committee, as a condition to receiving this Award, you agree that you are subject to the Company s stock ownership policy, as may be amended from time to time, and that as a result, you may be required to hold, including after your retirement, all or a portion of any shares of Common Stock issued to you pursuant to this Award in order to achieve compliance with such stock ownership policy. 
 14. Severability and Judicial Modification. If any provision of this Award Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable under pertinent state law or otherwise or the Company elects not to enforce any such provision, including but not limited to Section IV(b) of the TSA, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect and the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be modified only to the extent necessary to render that provision valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. If the invalid or unenforceable provision cannot be, or is not, modified, that provision shall be severed from this Award Agreement and all other provisions shall remain valid and enforceable. 
 15. Additional Provisions. This Award Agreement is subject to the provisions of the Plan. Capitalized terms not defined in this Award Agreement or on Exhibit A hereto are used as defined in the Plan. If the Plan and this Award Agreement are inconsistent, the provisions of the Plan will govern. Interpretations of the Plan and this Award Agreement by the Committee are binding on you and the Company. 
 16. Applicable Law. This Award Agreement and the award of Restricted Share Rights evidenced hereby will be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware (without regard to its choice-of-law provisions), except to the extent Federal law would apply. 
 17. Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Award and on any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with applicable law or facilitate the administration of the Plan and provided the imposition of the term or condition will not result in adverse accounting expense to the Company, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 18. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company is electronically delivering documents related to current or future participation in the Plan and is requesting your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through the current plan administrator s on-line system, or any other on-line system or electronic means that the Company may decide, in its sole discretion, to use in the future. 
 19. Entire Agreement. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Award Agreement (including Exhibit A, Exhibit B and Exhibit C attached hereto) constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the Award and supersede in their entirety all prior proposals, undertakings and agreements, written or oral, and all other communications between you and the Company with respect to the Award. 
 Signature page follows 
 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, WELLS FARGO & COMPANY has caused this Award Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its duly-authorized officer effective as of the Grant Date. 

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY 
 
 By _ Louise Bushby ____________________________ 
 Its _ Global Head of Total Rewards ________________ 
 
 PLEASE NOTE Receipt of this Award is subject to your electronic signature on the current plan administrator s website acknowledging and accepting all the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan, including the exhibits to this Award Agreement. You must accept the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement on or before ____________ , 202_. Failure to do so within this time period may result in forfeiture of this Award in accordance with administrative procedures adopted under the Plan. 
 
 By clicking the Accept button below, (i) you agree that this is your electronic signature expressly acknowledging that you agree to accept the Award subject to the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan, including but not limited to the Clawback Policy and the other terms of paragraph 3, the restrictions described in paragraph 8 and the restrictive covenants described in paragraph 9 of the Award Agreement and in the TSA and (ii) you acknowledge that the Company has not provided you with any legal advice. You have the right to consult with, and should consult with, your personal legal advisor prior to accepting this Award Agreement. 

6 

Exhibit A 
 Certain Definitions 
 
 Cause 
 Cause means (1) the continued failure by you to substantially perform your duties (2) your conviction of a crime involving dishonesty or breach of trust, conviction of a felony, or commission of any act that makes you ineligible for coverage under the Company's fidelity bond or otherwise makes you ineligible for continued employment or (3) your violation of the Company s policies, including but not limited to Wells Fargo s Code of Conduct (or the Code applicable to your line of business), Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy, Information Security Policies, and Risk Management Accountability Policy. For the avoidance of doubt, an event or conduct constituting Cause could take place before or after your termination of employment. 
 Change in Control 
 Change in Control means a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or the Affiliate that employs you, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company or the Affiliate that employs you within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) as determined by the Company. 
 Disability 
 You will be considered to have a Disability if you are (1) receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under the Company s or an Affiliate s long-term disability plan as a result of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months or (2) determined by the Social Security Administration to be eligible for social security disability benefits. 
 Financial Services Industry Business or Entity 
 Financial Services Industry Business or Entity means any business or entity that competes, or plans on competing, in or with any line of business of the Company, including but not limited to the below 
 Consumer banking, consumer lending, and or commercial banking, including, but not limited to, auto finance, deposits, originating and servicing mortgages, servicing and issuing credit and debit cards, payment servicing or processing or merchant services, custody, trust, treasury and or lending and processing services, digital banking, middle market banking, and investment services. 
 Wealth services, brokerage services, asset investment management services, alternative investments (such as real estate, hedge funds, private credit, private equity). 
 Investment, financial, or economic advisory services, including but not limited to, investment banking services (such as advising on mergers or acquisitions, underwriting, dealing in, or making a market in securities). 
 Insurance, providing and issuing annuities, and serving as an agent or broker for purposes of the same. 
 
 In addition, any company that provides the aforementioned services, products, or consulting in regard to such services, including banks, fintech, consulting, technology, and retail, may be considered a Financial Services Industry Business or Entity. Government and non-profit organizations are not considered Financial Services Industry Businesses or Entities. 
 
 Retirement 
 
 Retirement means 
 (a) termination of employment after reaching the earliest of (i) age 55 with five (5) completed years of service, or (ii) 80 points (with one point credited for each completed age year and one point credited for each completed year of service) or (iii) age 65, provided that such age is attained by the end of the vesting period and 
 (b) provided that beginning immediately after you cease to be an employee and continuing until the last vesting date upon which all Restricted Share Rights granted hereunder shall become vested, to the fullest extent enforceable under applicable state law, you do not perform services as an officer, director, employee, consultant or otherwise for any Financial Services Industry Business or Entity (see Financial Services Industry Business or Entity definition above). This subsection (b) applies only to the extent permitted by applicable state law. For example, it does not apply to former employees living or working in California. 
 
 For purposes of this definition, you are credited with one year of service after completion of each full 12-month period of employment with the Company or an Affiliate as determined by the Company or Affiliate. 
 
 7 

Separation from Service 
 
 Your Separation from Service occurs upon your death, retirement or other termination of employment or other event that qualifies as a separation from service under Internal Revenue Code Section 409A and the applicable regulations thereunder as in effect from time to time. The Company shall determine in each case when your Separation from Service has occurred, which determination shall be made in a manner consistent with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h). The Company shall determine that a Separation from Service has occurred as of a certain date when the facts and circumstances indicate that the Company (or an Affiliate, if applicable) and you reasonably anticipate that, after that date, you will render no further services, or your level of bona fide services (either as an employee or independent contractor) will permanently decrease to a level that is 20 or less than the average level of your bona fide services (either as an employee or independent contractor) previously in effect for you over the immediately preceding 36-month period (or your entire period of service, if you have been providing services for less than 36 months). 
 
 The following presumptions shall also apply to all such determinations 
 
 (1) Transfers . A Separation from Service has not occurred upon your transfer of employment from the Company to an Affiliate or vice versa, or from an Affiliate to another Affiliate. 
 
 (2) Medical leave of absence . Where you have a medical leave of absence due to any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than six months, and you have not returned to employment with the Company or an Affiliate, a Separation from Service has occurred on the earlier of (A) the first day on which you would not be considered disabled under any disability policy of the Company or Affiliate under which you are then receiving a benefit or (B) the first day on which your medical leave of absence period exceeds 29 months. 
 
 (3) Military leave of absence . Where you have a military leave of absence, and you have not returned to employment with the Company or an Affiliate, a Separation from Service has occurred on the day next following the last day on which you are entitled to reemployment rights under USERRA. 
 
 (4) Other leaves of absence . In the event that you are on a bona fide leave of absence, not otherwise described in this definition, from which you have not returned to employment with the Company or an Affiliate, your Separation from Service has occurred on the first day on which your leave of absence period exceeds six months or, if earlier, upon your termination of employment (provided that such termination of employment constitutes a Separation from Service in accordance with the last sentence of the first paragraph of this definition). 
 
 (5) Asset purchase transaction . If, in connection with the sale or other disposition of substantial assets (such as a division or substantially all assets of a trade or business) of the Company or an Affiliate to an unrelated buyer, you become an employee of the buyer or an affiliate of the buyer upon the closing of or in connection with such transaction, a Separation from Service has not occurred if the Company and the buyer have specified that such transaction will not, with respect to any individual affected by such transaction who becomes an employee of the buyer or an affiliate, be considered a separation from service under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), and such specification meets the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)(4). 

8 

Exhibit B 
 WELLS FARGO & COMPANY 
 Clawback and Forfeiture Policy 
 
 Effective as of January 1, 2021, this Clawback and Forfeiture Policy (the Policy of Wells Fargo & Company Wells Fargo ), as adopted by Wells Fargo s Board of Directors, is as follows. 
 
 1. Definitions. For purposes of this Policy the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 1.1. Affiliate has the meaning set forth in the Wells Fargo & Company 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2022 LTIP ). 
 
 1.2. Award means any specific award of Incentive Compensation. 
 
 1.3. Board means the Board of Directors of Wells Fargo. 
 
 1.4. Cause means (1) the continued failure by the employee to substantially perform his her duties (2) conviction of a crime involving dishonesty or breach of trust, conviction of a felony, or commission of any act that makes the employee ineligible for coverage under the Company's fidelity bond or otherwise makes the employee ineligible for continued employment (3) the employee s violation of the Company s policies including but not limited to Wells Fargo s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (or the Code applicable to the employee s line of business), Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy, Information Security Policies, and Risk Management Accountability Policy or (4) the employee s breach of confidentiality or restrictive covenants entered into between the employee and the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, an event or conduct constituting Cause could arise, or be discovered by the Company, before or after the employee s termination of employment. 
 
 1.5. Committee means the Human Resources Committee of the Board or such other committee as designated by the Board. 
 
 1.6. Company means Wells Fargo, a Delaware corporation, and its Affiliates. 
 
 1.7. Covered Employee(s) in Management or CEM(s) means an employee who has been designated as a CEM by the Company based on his or her role, responsibilities, or activities, in each case under criteria established by the Company from time to time. 
 
 1.8. Executive Officer means any executive officer as designated by the Board to be subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 1.9. Incentive Compensation means all incentives, whether paid in cash or in equity that are awarded, granted, earned, vested or paid to an employee. 
 
 1.10. Performance Conditions has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 of the Policy. 
 
 1.11. Performance Share means an award granted under the 2022 LTIP or the Wells Fargo & Company Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan whereby the recipient may receive shares of Wells Fargo & Company common stock, their cash equivalent, or a combination thereof, based on the achievement of one or more specified performance criteria during one or more Performance Periods (as defined in the applicable plan document). 
 
 2. Authority to Claw back, Cancel, or Forfeit Incentive Compensation. The Committee shall be authorized to claw back, cancel, or forfeit Incentive Compensation from employees, including former employees of the Company, to the extent permitted by applicable law, in the following circumstances 
 9 

2.1. Short-Term Cash-Based Incentive Compensation. The Committee may claw back of all or part of short-term cash-based Incentive Compensation cash incentive previously paid to a CEM to the extent that 
 
 a) The amount of the cash incentive was based upon the achievement of certain financial results that were subsequently reduced due to a financial restatement (public restatement) or was based upon one or more materially inaccurate performance metrics or 
 
 b) The CEM engaged in willful misconduct or gross negligence that caused material financial or reputational harm to the Company. 
 
 2.2. Long-Term Incentive Compensation. The Committee may (1) claw back all or a portion of any previously vested or paid long-term Award or (2) cause a performance adjustment, including the forfeiture or cancellation, of all or a portion of any unpaid or unvested long-term Award, if the Committee, or such other designee as referenced above, determines, in its discretion, that any one of the following Performance Conditions has occurred 
 
 a) The employee engages in (1) misconduct or commits an error that, in each case, causes material financial or reputational harm to the Company or to the employee s business group or (2) for purposes of a cancellation or forfeiture (but not for clawback), any conduct that constitutes Cause 
 
 b) The amount of the Award was based upon the achievement of certain financial results that were subsequently reduced due to a financial restatement (public restatement) or was based upon one or more materially inaccurate performance metrics 
 
 c) In connection with the employee s job responsibilities, (1) failure through willful misconduct or gross negligence of the employee, including in a supervisory capacity, to identify, escalate, monitor, or manage, in a timely manner risks material to the Company or to the employee s business group in accordance with Company policies and procedures (as applicable) or (2) the Company or the employee s business group suffers a material failure of risk management or 
 
 d) For purposes of unpaid or unvested Performance Share Awards only, failure of the employee, based on his or her role and responsibility, to achieve progress on resolving outstanding consent orders and or other regulatory matters in accordance with commitments made by the Company. 
 
 The Committee may consider any factors it determines necessary or appropriate in determining whether any of the aforementioned conditions apply and in determining whether a clawback or a performance adjustment, including forfeiture or cancellation, is appropriate and the amount thereof based on the particular facts and circumstances. All determinations by the Committee will be final and binding. 
 
 In addition, the Company may dismiss the employee, authorize legal action, or take such other action to enforce the employee s obligations to the Company as the Company may deem appropriate based on the particular facts and circumstances. The Company in determining the appropriate action, may but shall not be required to take into account penalties or punishments imposed by third parties, such as law enforcement agencies, regulators or other authorities. The Company s power to determine the appropriate remedial action with respect to the employee is in addition to, and not in replacement of, remedies imposed by such third party entities. 
 
 3. Method of Clawback. The Committee, in its discretion, shall determine whether the Company shall effect a clawback (subject to applicable law) by (a) seeking repayment from the employee, (b) reducing the amount that would otherwise be payable to the employee under any compensation, bonus, incentive, equity or other benefit plan, agreement, policy or arrangement maintained by the Company, (c) canceling any unpaid or unvested Incentive Compensation previously awarded to the employee, (d) withholding compensation including grants of compensatory or equity awards, that otherwise would have been paid or made in accordance with the Company's compensation practices, commitments, or decisions, or (e) any combination of the foregoing. 
 10 

4. Performance Year(s) Subject to Clawback or Forfeiture. The requirements of this Policy shall apply to (a) the most recent Incentive Compensation that has been vested and or paid, so long as such payment(s) have taken place within five years from when the Committee approves a clawback and (b) all unvested and or unpaid Incentive Compensation. 
 
 5. Delegation of Authority. Any power of the Committee under this Policy may be exercised, except with respect to Executive Officers, by a duly authorized delegate of the Committee. 
 
 6. Other Recovery Rights. Any right of recovery pursuant to this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Company under applicable law, any employment agreement, plan or award terms, or the terms of any policy, including, but not limited to, the Company s Mandatory Clawback Policy. 
 
 7. Interpretation. 
 
 7.1. The Committee has full authority to make determinations regarding the interpretation of the provisions of this Policy. 
 
 7.2. This Policy is applicable to all Incentive Compensation awarded or granted beginning January 1, 2021. 
 
 7.3. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Policy and the terms of any Company plan, agreement, policy or arrangement under which Incentive Compensation has been granted or awarded, the terms of this Policy shall prevail. 
 
 7.4. In the event that any provision of this Policy or any part hereof is found invalid, the remainder of this Policy will be binding on the parties hereto and will be construed as if the invalid provision or part thereof had been deleted from this Policy. 
 
 7.5. This Policy shall not apply to employees categorized as Identified Staff who are subject to the Malus and Clawback Policy for Identified Staff Employees. Identified Staff means individuals who have been classified as identified staff for the purposes of the remuneration codes of the UK Financial Conduct Authority, the remuneration rules of the UK Prudential Regulation Authority, the Investment Firms Prudential Rules of the UK Financial Conduct Authority, the EU Capital Requirements Directive, the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive, the EU Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities Directive, the EU Investment Firms Directive, or any associated directives, regulations and implementing legislation, rules or guidance, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time. 
 
 7.6. To the extent Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code is applicable to any Award, this Policy does not authorize any offset or substitution that would not comply with such Section. 
 
 8. Amendment or Termination. The Board or the Committee shall have the right to amend or cancel this Policy at any time if it determines in its sole discretion that such action would be in the best interests of the Company. Notwithstanding the authority of the Board or the Committee to amend this Policy, Wells Fargo s Chief Human Resources Officer or the Head of Total Rewards, or such equivalent title, may amend the Policy to incorporate administrative revisions. 

11 

Exhibit C 
 
 Wells Fargo Agreement Regarding Trade Secrets, Confidential Information, Non-Solicitation, Notice Period, and Assignment of Inventions TSA 
 
 In consideration for my employment with Wells Fargo & Company and or any of its past, present, and future parent companies, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors, affiliates, and acquisitions (collectively the Company ), and the long-term award granted to me in connection with such employment and evidenced by the award agreement to which this TSA is an exhibit, I acknowledge that I have read and understand this TSA, and agree to abide by the terms of this TSA, which are as follows 
 
 I acknowledge that the nature of my employment with the Company permits me to have access to certain of its Confidential Information (as defined below). I understand that such Confidential Information is, and always will be, and shall always remain, the sole and exclusive property of the Company. Any unauthorized acquisition, disclosure, or use of this information would be wrongful and would cause the Company irreparable harm. I also acknowledge that if in the course of my employment I develop Inventions (as defined below), I agree to assign these Inventions to the Company. I agree that the property rights of such Inventions belong to the Company and agree to assist, as necessary, with the assignment of these Inventions to the Company. 
 
 I. Trade Secrets and Confidential Information 
 During the course of my employment I will have access to and learn about confidential, trade secret, and proprietary documents, materials, data, and other information, in tangible and intangible form, of and relating to the Company and its businesses (collectively, Confidential Information ). For purposes of this TSA, Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, all information not generally known to the public, in spoken, printed, electronic, or any other form or medium, relating directly or indirectly to business processes, practices, methods, policies, plans, publications, documents, research, operations, services, agreements, transactions, potential transactions, negotiations, know-how, computer software, applications, operating systems, web design, work-in-process, databases, manuals, records, articles, systems, supplier information, vendor information, financial information, results, accounting information, legal information, marketing information, advertising information, pricing information, credit information, design information, payroll information, personnel information, developments, reports, internal controls, security procedures, market studies, algorithms, product plans, ideas, inventions, unpublished patent applications, original works of authorship, discoveries, experimental information, specifications, customer information, consumer information, client information, manufacturing information, factory lists, distributor lists, and or buyer lists of the Company or its businesses or of any other person or entity that has entrusted information to the Company in confidence. 
 
 Confidential Information shall further include Trade Secrets of the Company. Trade Secret means all forms and types of financial, business, scientific, technical, economic, or engineering information, including patterns, plans, compilations, program devices, formulas, designs, prototypes, methods, techniques, processes, procedures, programs, or codes, whether tangible or intangible, and whether or how stored, compiled, or memorialized physically, electronically, graphically, photographically, or in writing if (1) the owner has taken reasonable measures to keep such information secret and (2) the information derives independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable through proper means by, another person who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use. The foregoing does not limit the definition of trade secret under any applicable state or federal law, with the broader definition taking precedence. 

12 

I further understand and acknowledge that this Confidential Information and the Company s ability to reserve it for the exclusive knowledge and use of the Company is of great competitive importance and commercial value to the Company. I understand that the above list is not exhaustive. 
 
 II. Disclosure and Use Restrictions 
 I understand that my obligation to maintain the confidentiality of all Confidential Information continues at all times during and after my employment. Confidential Information does not become any less confidential or proprietary to the Company because I may commit some of the Confidential Information to memory or because I may otherwise maintain the Confidential Information outside of the Company s offices. I acknowledge that such Confidential Information, including but not limited to Trade Secrets, is utilized by the Company throughout the entire United States and in other locations in which it conducts business. 
 
 I agree that any Confidential Information of the Company is to be used by me solely and exclusively for the purpose of conducting business on behalf of the Company. I am expected to keep such Confidential Information confidential and not to divulge, use, disclose, or make available this information except for such purpose. Accordingly, I have not, and will not, divulge, use, disclose, or make available Confidential Information, in whole or in part, to anyone (including other Company employees) not having a need to know and authority to know and use the Confidential Information in connection with the business of the Company. 
 
 I understand that nothing in this TSA shall be construed to restrict or prevent me from (i) disclosing Confidential Information to the extent required or permitted by applicable law, regulation, or valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or (ii) making a report to or filing a charge with an administrative, regulatory or self-regulatory federal or state agency or from participating in an on-going investigation with such agency or (iii) discussing the terms and conditions of my employment with coworkers or union representatives in exercise of my rights under section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. If I am required to disclose information pursuant to a valid court order, I agree to promptly provide written notice of any such order to an authorized officer of the Company within 48 hours of receiving such order. 
 
 III. Notice Period 
 I understand and agree that in order to ensure a smooth transition of business and customer relationships, if I am in a job title and or job description set forth in the Appendix below and decide to either resign or retire, I agree to provide the Company with advance written notice, as specified below, before effectuating my resignation or retirement from the Company. I understand the required timing of such advance written notice is set forth in the Appendix below, corresponding to job title and or job description, with the number of days between a notice and a resignation or retirement constituting the length of my required notice period. 
 
 I understand this provision shall apply, to the fullest extent enforceable under applicable state law, unless a longer notice period is applicable to me pursuant to a Company policy or an agreement between me and the Company, in which case the longer notice period shall apply. I hereby acknowledge and agree that during the applicable notice period, I will continue to be an employee of the Company and will be required to assist in the transition of my work-related responsibilities provided, however, that the Company may instruct me not to report to work during my notice period and may, in its sole discretion, restrict my access to Company systems, shorten the duration of my notice period, or waive my notice period. I further understand that the Company may, during my notice period, limit or prohibit my contact or dealing with (or attempting to contact or deal with) any officers, employees, consultants, clients, customers, suppliers, agents, distributors, shareholders, advisers, or other business contacts of the Company. During any applicable notice period (as shortened by the Company, if applicable), I will continue to receive my base salary. 
 
 IV. Non-Solicitation of the Company s Customers and Employees 
 13 

I understand and agree that the Company s relationships with its employees and customers are some of its most valuable assets and critical to its present and future success. I acknowledge that these relationships are established and maintained at great expense and investment and constitute a protectable interest of the Company. I further understand and agree that through my employment at the Company, I will have unique exposure to and personal contact directly with the Company s customers. 
 
 I therefore agree that during my employment and for a period of one (1) year immediately following termination or resignation of my employment for any reason, or, if longer, the remaining vesting period of any long-term award granted in connection with this TSA, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, I will not do any of the following either directly or through associates, agents, or employees without prior written approval from the Company s Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 a. Solicit, recruit, or promote the solicitation or recruitment of any employee or consultant of the Company for the purpose of encouraging that employee or consultant to leave the Company s employ or sever an agreement for services or 
 b. Solicit, participate in, or promote the solicitation of any of the Company's actual or prospective clients or customers with whom I had Material Contact and or regarding whom I received Confidential Information for the purpose of providing products or services that are (i) in competition with the Company's products or services Competitive Products Services and (ii) the same or similar to products or services I provided on behalf of the Company during the last (2) years of my employment with the Company. Material Contact means direct interaction between either me and or an employee I managed and an actual or prospective client or customer occurring within one (1) year prior to my last day as a Wells Fargo employee that takes place to create, manage, service, or further the business relationship between that prospective client customer and the Company. 
 
 These time period limitations are not intended to limit the Company s right to prevent misappropriation of its Confidential Information beyond these periods. In the event that the Notice Period requirements in Section III above apply, I acknowledge and agree that termination of my employment will occur at the end of the Notice Period. I further understand that I am encouraged to consult with counsel regarding this TSA. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing in this Section IV, the restrictions on solicitation contemplated herein apply only to the extent permitted by state law (for example, the customer solicitation restriction in subsection b does not apply to employees or former employees who primarily reside or work in California). 
 
 V. Return of Company Property 
 If I resign or am terminated from my employment for any reason, I agree to immediately (a) return to the Company all Company property, including keys, access cards, security devices, network access devices, computers, smartphones, equipment, manuals, reports, files, compilations, work product, email messages, recordings, disks, thumb drives, or other removable information storage devices, hard drives, and data and all the Company s documents and materials belonging to the Company and stored in any fashion, including but not limited to those that constitute or contain any Confidential Information and (b) delete or destroy all copies of any such documents and materials not returned to the Company that remain in my possession or control on any non-Company devices, networks, storage locations, and media in my possession or control. I understand that this obligation shall remain in effect for as long as the information or materials in question retain their status as Confidential Information. I further understand that I am obligated upon request to provide any passwords to Company property that is in my possession, custody, or control, or that has been in my possession, custody, or control. 
 
 VI. Compliance with Other Agreements 
 I certify that, to the extent applicable to me, I have complied and will continue to comply with any other policies or agreements covering trade secrets, inventions, confidential information, or solicitation from any former employer. I further certify that, to the best of my information and belief, I am not a party to 
 14 

any other agreement that either does or will interfere with my full compliance with this TSA, including any agreement I have entered into with any other employer, entity, or person relating to the non-disclosure of information. I further certify that I have disclosed any such agreements to the Company for review. I also certify that I will not disclose to the Company, or induce the Company to use, any confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any previous employer or others. I agree not to enter into any written or oral agreement that conflicts with any provision of this TSA. 
 
 VII. Assignment of Inventions 
 I agree to and do hereby assign to the Company all inventions, discoveries, designs, formulas, modifications, improvements, new ideas, business methods, processes, algorithms, software programs, know-how or trade secrets, or other works or concepts, and all intellectual property rights therein, whether recorded in a written document, electronically, or not recorded at all, and whether or not protectable and or elected by the Company to be protected as intellectual property that I make, conceive, develop, reduce to practice, or author (alone or in conjunction with others) during my employment with the Company that (1) relate to the Company s business, or to actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company or (2) involve the use of any time, material, information, or facility of the Company Inventions ). I will also promptly disclose in writing complete information regarding each Invention to the Company. I further agree that all Inventions shall be deemed part of the Confidential Information. 
 
 I agree that all copyrightable Inventions shall be deemed works made for hire under the United States Copyright Act, provided that in the event and to the extent such Inventions are determined not to constitute works made for hire, I hereby irrevocably assign and transfer to the Company all rights, title, and interest in such Inventions. To the extent this TSA does not assign moral rights in any such Inventions, I hereby irrevocably waive such moral rights and agree not to enforce such moral rights against the Company. 
 
 I hereby acknowledge having received notification that this Section VII does not obligate me to assign to the Company any rights in inventions that I developed entirely on my own time and without using the Company s equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information unless those inventions either (i) relate at the time the invention was made to the Company s business or to actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company or (ii) result from any work performed by me for the Company. 
 
 I agree to give the Company, without charge and at the Company s expense, both during and after my employment, all assistance it reasonably requires to evidence, establish, maintain, perfect, protect, and use the rights to the Inventions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, I hereby irrevocably appoint Wells Fargo as attorney-in-fact (coupled with an interest) to execute any such documents on my behalf. I further agree that I shall not be entitled to any additional compensation with respect to any and all Inventions. 
 
 VIII. Defend Trade Secrets Act Immunity Notice 
 I understand that nothing in this TSA is intended to discourage or restrict me from reporting any theft of trade secrets pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 DTSA or other applicable state or federal law. The DTSA prohibits retaliation against an employee because of whistleblower activity in connection with the disclosure of trade secrets, so long as any such disclosure is made either (a) in confidence to an attorney or a federal, state, or local government official and solely to report or investigate a suspected violation of the law, or (b) under seal in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding. An individual who files a lawsuit for alleged retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in a court proceeding provided, however, the individual must file any document containing the trade secret under seal, and they may not otherwise disclose the trade secret except pursuant to court order. 
 
 I understand that I should immediately report any suspected or actual misappropriation or improper use or disclosure of Confidential Information and or Trade Secrets, pursuant to the Company s Code Conduct. 
 15 

I understand this TSA does not limit, curtail, or diminish the Company s rights under the DTSA or other applicable state or federal law. 
 
 IX. Employment At Will 
 I understand that nothing in this TSA alters the at will status of my employment with the Company or my obligation to comply with the policies, procedures, and rules of the Company. 
 
 X. Injunctive Relief and Damages 
 Recognizing the irreparable nature of the injury that my violation of this TSA would cause, and that money damages would be inadequate compensation to the Company, I agree that any violation or threatened violation of this TSA by me should be the proper subject for immediate injunctive relief, specific performance, and other equitable relief to the Company. Such relief, however, shall be cumulative and non-exclusive and, therefore, shall be in addition to any other right or remedy to which the Company may be entitled. To the extent they apply to me, I further agree to communicate the contents of this section and the non-solicitation and non-disclosure sections of this TSA to any prospective employer. 
 
 XI. Severability and Judicial Modification 
 If any provision of this TSA is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect and the invalid or unenforceable provision(s) shall be modified only to the extent necessary to render such provision(s) valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. If an invalid or unenforceable provision cannot be modified, that provision shall be severed from the TSA and all other provisions shall remain valid and enforceable. 
 
 XII. Choice Of Law Integration Survival 
 This TSA and any dispute, controversy, or claim which arises under or relates in any way to it shall be governed by the law of state where the incident(s) giving rise to the dispute or claim arose. This TSA supersedes any prior written or verbal agreements pertaining to the subject matter herein and is intended to be a final expression of the TSA with respect only to the terms contained herein provided, however, that the employee and customer non-solicitation provisions herein are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any such provisions contained in any prior agreements. There may be no modification of this TSA except in writing signed by me and an officer of the Company at the level of executive vice president or higher. This TSA shall survive my employment by the Company, inure to the benefit of successors and assigns of the Company, and is binding upon my heirs and legal representatives. 
 
 APPENDIX TO TSA 
 
 The required timing of advance written notice addressed in Section III above is set forth in this Appendix, corresponding to job title and or job description, with the number of days between a notice and a resignation or retirement constituting the length of the required notice period. 
 16 

Business Division 
 Applicable Job Titles and or Job Descriptions 
 Length of Required Notice Period 
 Any business division of Wells Fargo & Company or its Affiliates 
 Senior Executive Vice President 
 Executive Vice President 
 Direct report of an Operating Committee member, excluding non-executives 
 90 days 
 Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB) 
 Managing Director 
 90 days 
 Executive Director 
 60 days 
 Vice President 
 30 days 
 Commercial Banking 
 Managing Director 
 90 days 
 Executive Director 
 60 days 

17 

</EX-10.A>

<EX-10.B>
 4
 wfc-1231x2023xex10b.htm
 EXHIBIT-10.B

Document 
 Exhibit 10(b) 

Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

The Plan is effective January 1, 2024, and replaces all previous versions of the Wells Fargo Bonus Plan. 

2023 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. All rights reserved. Member FDIC. 

Contents 
 I. Purpose of the Plan 
 4 
 II. Definitions 
 4 
 III. Funding 
 8 
 IV. Plan eligibility and qualification 
 8 
 A. Eligibility 
 9 
 B. Award Qualifiers 
 9 
 V. Awards 
 10 
 A. Award Recommendation 
 10 
 B. Deferral of Awards 
 10 
 C. Approvals 
 10 
 VI. Award payment 
 11 
 A. Timing 
 11 
 B. Delivery 
 11 
 VII. Employment changes 
 12 
 A. Leaves of absence 
 12 
 B. Changes in employment status 
 12 
 VIII. Plan administration 
 14 
 A. Plan M anager 
 14 
 B. Payments subject to Applicable Laws , Policies and Expectations 
 15 
 C. Inquiries and Disputes 
 15 
 D. Overpayments 
 15 
 E. Performance Conditions and Clawbacks 
 15 
 F. No Employment Right 
 15 
 G. Amendment or Termination of the Plan 
 16 
 H. Assignment 
 16 
 I. Unsecured Obligations 
 16 
 J. Validity 
 16 
 K. Withholding Taxes and Deductions 
 17 
 L. Governing Language 
 17 
 M. Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
 17 
 N. IRS Section 409A for Participants on US-Based Payroll 
 17 
 I X. Appendix A C ountry Appendix 
 18 
 
 2 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

A. Canada 
 20 
 B. People s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong) 
 21 
 C. France 
 22 
 D. Germany 
 24 
 E. Hong Kong 
 25 
 F. India 
 26 
 G. India Wells Fargo International Solutions Private Limited 
 26 
 H. Ireland 
 27 
 I. Japan 
 28 
 J. Korea 
 29 
 K. Netherlands 
 30 
 L. The Philippines Wells Fargo International Solutions LLC - Philippines 
 32 
 M. Singapore 
 33 
 N. Sweden 
 33 
 O. Taiwan 
 35 
 P. United Arab Emirates (Dubai) 
 36 
 Q. United Kingdom 
 37 
 R. Vietnam 
 38 
 S . I dentified Staff 
 38 
 Definitions 
 38 

3 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

I. Purpose of the Plan 
 
 The Wells Fargo Bonus Plan (the Plan is a discretionary annual incentive plan focused on employee performance, appropriate risk management, and business outcomes and is aligned with Wells Fargo s Expectations and compensation principles Pay for performance Promote effective risk management Attract and retain talent . 
 
 Awards paid out under the Plan are not included when calculating any benefits and or payments based on salary. Awards are also not a component of salary or other compensation due to the Participant at the end of the Participant s employment with Wells Fargo. An Award under this Plan is not guaranteed, and payment of an Award for one Plan Year does not guarantee the payment of an Award in any subsequent Plan Year. In addition, Awards may be eliminated or reduced at the discretion of Wells Fargo, regardless of Participant eligibility. 
 
 The Country Appendix included in this document addresses regulatory or country-specific requirements. To the extent a Participant works for a Wells Fargo entity in a jurisdiction covered by the Country Appendix, or otherwise is subject to additional remuneration requirements in accordance with applicable local laws and regulations, the provisions described in the Country Appendix, or any supplemental document referred to therein shall govern the application of the applicable Plan provisions to the Participant. For the avoidance of doubt, references to Country Appendix in this Plan include supplemental documents referred to in the Country Appendix. 

II. Definitions 
 
 Term Acronym Definition Applicable Laws, Policies, and Expectations All rules, laws, guidance, regulations, and all enterprise and business-specific policies, procedures, and expectations (including Related Information and documents referenced in the policies, and HR Services & Support (HRSS) articles or other documents describing the expectations of the Company or business), applicable to the Participant as a Wells Fargo employee and or the performance of the Participant s job duties in the Participant s Wells Fargo position. Award Any incentive compensation provided under the Plan. Award Payment Date Calendar date on which Payroll initiates delivery of or issuance of the Award to a Participant. Cause 
 (Applicable only to non-US Participants.) 
 For purposes of Section VII, B, c, Terminations Non-US Participants, Cause includes, but is not limited to, the termination of the Participant s employment where such termination involved one or more of the following grounds (unless the term Cause is otherwise replaced by a country-specific definition in the Country Appendix) 
 4 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Term Acronym Definition a. the continued failure or refusal of the Participant to perform satisfactorily any duties reasonably required of the Participant, after written notification by the Company, and the failure of the Participant within thirty (30) calendar days of such notification to correct such breach, failure or refusal (other than failure by reason of incapacity due to physical or mental illness) or 
 b. the commission of any fraud, misappropriation, embezzlement or other dishonest act that makes the Participant ineligible for coverage under the Company s fidelity bond or otherwise makes the Participant ineligible for continued employment or 
 c. any act of gross insubordination or willful misconduct or 
 d. reporting to work under the influence of alcohol, narcotics or unlawful controlled substances or 
 e. any violation of the Applicable Laws, Policies, and Expectations, including but not limited to any employment policies and procedures, compliance policies or procedures, the Code of Conduct, or local work rules, in force from time to time or 
 f. conviction of a felony, or of a misdemeanor or other criminal offence involving a dishonest or fraudulent act, or conduct in violation of law or conduct that would constitute a basis for criminal conviction of a felony, misdemeanor, or other criminal offense that makes the Participant ineligible for coverage under the Company s fidelity bond or otherwise makes the Participant ineligible for continued employment or 
 g. violation of any securities or commodities laws, any rules or regulations pursuant to such laws, or the rules and regulations of any securities or commodities exchange or association of which the Company is a member, or violation of any similar law, regulation, ordinance or licensing requirement applicable to employees of financial institutions or conduct that may reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on the financial interest or business reputation of the Company. 
 The foregoing does not represent a complete list of all acts or omissions that may constitute grounds for a termination for Cause. Cause also includes such other acts or omissions recognized as constituting cause (or its closest equivalent, such as grounds for summary dismissal) in a particular work location under applicable law, or the Participant s employment agreement, or the policies or local work rules in the work location. The Plan Manager has the sole discretion to determine whether a particular individual s employment has been terminated for Cause for the purposes of Plan administration, and its determination is final and binding upon the Company and that individual. 
 Company or Wells Fargo Wells Fargo & Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates. Corporate Transaction Includes, but is not limited to, a transaction where another company contractually agrees to either acquire all or any portion of the assets, stock, or operations of Wells Fargo and or enters into some other business arrangement with the Company. Country Appendix Identifies where regulatory or country-specific items require deviation from the terms in this Plan and addresses those differences - see Appendix A. Displacement 
 (Applicable only to US Participants) 
 A position elimination, substantial position change or other qualifying event described in the Wells Fargo & Company Severance Plan (the Severance Plan resulting in the termination of the Participant s employment. 
 5 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Term Acronym Definition Displacement 
 (Applicable only to US Participants) 
 A position elimination, substantial position change or other qualifying event described in the Wells Fargo & Company Severance Plan (the Severance Plan resulting in the termination of the Participant s employment. Earn or Earned An Award will be deemed Earned under the Plan when all of the terms and conditions under the Plan have been satisfied with respect to an Award, including 
 1. the Participant s manager has determined the Participant has met the criteria set forth in Section IV 
 2. the Participant s manager has completed an Award recommendation for the Participant 
 3. the aggregate recommendations for the business have been approved by the Operating Committee member and 
 4. the HRC has approved Plan funding and authorized the payment of Awards. 
 In-Year payments for deceased Participants do not require the HRC approval of Plan funding prior to payment of the Award. 
 Eligibility Date September 30 of each Plan Year Employer The Wells Fargo entity that employs the Participant. Executive Officer Executive Officers shall be those persons designated officers by the Wells Fargo & Company s Board of Directors for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder Section 16 ). Additionally, any Operating Committee Member who is not designated an officer under Section 16 shall be considered an Executive Officer for purposes of this Plan. Fixed Term Employee A person who is an employee of Wells Fargo & Company or any of its subsidiaries on a temporary contract with a defined contract end date (unless they are in the flexible or intern classification). Employees are generally considered one of the following 
 1. Full-time with standard hours of 30 or more hours per week (unless in the flexible or intern classification). 
 2. Part-time with standard hours of at least 17.5 and less than 30 hours per week are classified as part-time (unless in the flexible or intern classification). Standard hours and the number of hours actually worked may vary somewhat for part-time employees in a nonexempt or non-overtime eligible position, depending on business needs. 
 Non-US employee hours per week may be different based on the location. 
 Good Leaver Event 
 (Applicable only to non-US Participants) 

For the purpose of Section VII, B, c, vi , the following reasons are Good Leaver Events 
 1. A Participant who is absent from work due to injury, ill-health, or disability for a period of 182 days (whether or not consecutive) in any period of twelve (12) consecutive months. 
 2. A Participant s office or employment, by the virtue of which the participant is eligible for an Award, being transferred to a person or entity that is not an affiliated company of Wells Fargo. 
 3. Redundancy, where Wells Fargo has determined that the Participant s position is no longer necessary and shall be discontinued and is expressly dismissed by reason of redundancy . For the avoidance of doubt, the Participant is not redundant if, in the view of Wells Fargo, they have been offered reasonable alternative employment or if their employment is terminated without Cause in circumstances other than the discontinuance of the Participant s position. 
 
 6 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Term Acronym Definition HRC The Human Resources Committee of the Wells Fargo & Company s Board of Directors. Long-Term Cash Award Plan LTCAP 
 The applicable Long-Term Cash Award Plan LTCAP governing the terms of long-term cash awards, which may be amended from time to time, as follows 
 1. For US Participants, it is the Wells Fargo & Company Long-Term Cash Award Plan and 
 2. For non-US Participants, it is the Wells Fargo & Company Long-Term Cash Award Plan for International Employees. 
 Long-Term Incentive Plan LTIP The Wells Fargo & Company Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan LTIP which governs equity Awards such as Restricted Share Rights (RSRs), which may be amended from time to time. Misconduct Accountability Program (MAP) 
 A Participant whose conduct has the potential to harm customers, other employees, or the Wells Fargo brand, finances, or reputation may be issued a conduct related corrective action that places them in the Misconduct Accountability Program (MAP). MAP holds these Participants accountable and maintains a consistent standard of workplace conduct across the Company. Placement in the program impacts risk overlay ratings and incentive compensation decisions. 
 Notice Period For US Participants in certain senior management positions (Senior Executive Vice President, Executive Vice President and an Operating Committee (OC) direct report) (collectively Senior Management and certain positions in Corporate & Investment Banking, Commercial Banking, or other business divisions as identified from time to time, who are subject to notice requirements with the Company, the Notice Period is the time period beginning on the date the Participant communicates their resignation to Wells Fargo and ending on the last day of the Notice Period applicable to their position. Unless terminated sooner by the Participant or Wells Fargo, the Participant s last day of employment with their Employer is the last day of the Notice Period. 
 For US Participants who receive written notice of a pending Displacement, the Notice Period is the time period beginning on the date the Participant receives written notice of a qualifying event under the Severance Plan and generally ends 60 days later unless the Notice Period is required to be longer by applicable law or extended by the Administrator of the Severance Plan. Unless terminated sooner by the Participant or Wells Fargo, the Participant s last day of employment with their Employer is the last day of the Notice Period. 
 
 For non-US Participants, the Notice Period is any period between the date either the Participant or Employer serves written notice of resignation or termination on the other and the Participant s last day of employment with their Employer. 
 Operating Committee Member The Chief Executive Officer CEO of the Company and identified senior managers who are direct or indirect reports to the Chief Executive Officer. Participant A Regular or Fixed Term Employee who meets the eligibility and qualifying criteria for participation in the Plan set forth in Section IV . A US Participant refers to an employee on a US-based payroll a non-US Participant refers to an employee on an non-US based payroll. 
 Performance Expectations Provided to Participants under the Performance Management Framework , which may include goals, risk management requirements and other components. 
 
 7 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Term Acronym Definition Performance Period The period of time, within the Plan Year, under which a Participant s performance is evaluated for purposes of an Award recommendation. The Performance Period is the Plan Year. Plan Manager The head of Human Resources and the head of Total Rewards of the Company, each of whom may act individually or jointly as the Plan Manager, or their delegate. Plan Year The 12-month period beginning each January 1 and ending on the following December 31. Regular Employee Regular Employees are generally considered one of the following time types 
 1. Full-time with standard hours of 30 or more hours per week (unless in the flexible or intern classification). 
 2. Part-time with standard hours of at least 17.5 and less than 30 hours per week are classified as part-time (unless in the flexible or intern classification). Standard hours and the number of hours actually worked may vary somewhat for part-time employees in a nonexempt or non-overtime eligible position, depending on business needs. 
 Non-US employee hours per week may be different based on the location. 
 Retirement A Participant is considered retired if the termination is accurately entered in the HR system of record as a retirement . 

III. Funding 
 The HRC determines whether a bonus pool will be funded and Awards will be paid under the Plan. Establishment of the pool is not a guarantee that Awards will be paid to Participants, nor does it guarantee the amount of any Award payable to an individual Participant. 
 
 IV. Plan eligibility and qualification 
 
 Participants who meet all eligibility and qualifying criteria may be considered for an Award under the Plan. Satisfaction of all eligibility and qualifying criteria is not a guarantee of any Award of any amount under the Plan. 

A. Eligibility 
 
 a. A variety of positions across Wells Fargo are eligible to participate in the Plan. Eligibility is defined by the position. Additionally 

8 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

i. The Participant must be actively working in a Wells Fargo Bonus Plan-eligible position during the Plan Year. 
 ii. The Participant must be classified as Regular Employee or Fixed Term Employee in Wells Fargo s Human Capital Management System. 
 
 iii. US Participants must abide by the Notice Period requirements in Wells Fargo's Leaving Wells Fargo Policy . This policy requires certain US employees to provide 30 to 90 days advance written notice, depending on their line of business and officer title, prior to terminating their employment. 
 iv. Unless otherwise described in Section VII, the Participant must be employed in an incentive-eligible position as of the Eligibility Date. 
 
 b. Participants must be employed by their Employer as of the Award Payment Date, in order to be eligible for an Award under the Plan, unless otherwise described in Section VII below. Additionally 
 i. Non-US Participants must not be serving out a Notice Period on the Award Payment Date, unless serving out a Notice Period prior to employment terminating by reason of Retirement (subject to Section VII below) or as otherwise described in Section VII . 
 ii. US Participants in certain Senior Management and other positions subject to notice requirements that are serving out a Notice Period for voluntary termination including Retirement shall be eligible for consideration of an Award under the Plan 
 
 c. Exceptions to paragraphs a. and b. above may be made for certain employment status changes as described in Section VII . 
 
 Each Participant can participate in only one incentive plan at any given time. Unless otherwise stated, all Plan provisions apply to Participants. 
 
 B. Award Qualifiers 
 
 If eligible under Section IV. A , the Participant is expected to meet the following Award qualifiers to be considered for an Award under this Plan. If the line of business management identifies that the Participant fails to meet one or more qualifiers, the Participant may receive a reduced Award or no Award. 
 
 a. a. Risk Management Accountability 
 Participants are expected to effectively manage all risk associated with their position in accordance with the Wells Fargo s Risk Management Framework . 

b. Policy, Law, and Regulatory Compliance 
 Participants are expected to operate in compliance with Applicable Laws, Policies, and Expectations. 
 
 c. Code of Conduct 
 Participants are expected to adhere to ethical and honest business practices in accordance with the 
 Wells Fargo s Code of Conduct . 

9 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Conduct-related disciplinary or corrective action (such as a final notice or formal warning), including but not limited to conduct addressed through the Misconduct Accountability Program (MAP), will be considered in the determination of a Participant s Award and, if warranted, will result in the Award being reduced or no Award being granted. Other disciplinary or corrective action may also result in a reduced Award, or no Award being granted. Additional performance adjustment and or forfeitures may be made to any deferred Awards from prior year(s). A Participant who violates the spirit of the Plan by engaging in inappropriate behavior to receive an Award under this Plan or increase their opportunity for an Award under this Plan, as determined by the HRC for Executive Officers and by the Plan Manager for all other Participants, becomes immediately ineligible to participate in the Plan 

V. Awards 
 Awards under the Plan are made in the sole and absolute discretion of Wells Fargo, with recommendations from business unit managers and approvals from the Plan Manager or the HRC, as set forth herein. There is no guarantee that an Award of any amount will be awarded to any Participant, regardless of eligibility. 
 
 A. Award Recommendation 
 The Participant s manager is responsible for determining whether the Participant has met the Award qualifiers and other terms of the Plan, prior to providing an Award recommendation. The Award recommendation should be primarily based on the performance of the Participant (including but not limited to risk performance) and in consideration of the performance of the line of business and the Company. 
 B. Deferral of Awards 
 The HRC or Plan Manager shall determine whether an Award is paid in cash or equity or a combination thereof and at what level such Awards shall be subject to deferral whether in cash or equity. Generally, deferred Awards shall be paid in the form of Restricted Share Rights, unless prohibited by Applicable Laws, Policies, and Expectations, or as determined by the Plan Manager, in which case the deferred Awards will be paid in the form of long-term cash. Deferred Awards shall be paid in the form of long-term incentives, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable long-term incentive plan and respective Award agreement. 
 C. Approvals 
 Award recommendations are subject to review and approval through the Participant's management hierarchy. Management may modify or deny the initial recommendation. Operating Committee Members must approve the aggregate value of Awards for that business upon the conclusion of the annual review cycle performed by the Participant s line of business. Awards for Executive Officers are reviewed and approved by the HRC. 

10 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Individual Participant Award corrections and any changes resulting from the dispute review process that occur at a later date may be approved solely by the head of Compensation Design & Delivery with the exception of those Participants that are under the governance of the HRC. Awards to Executive Officers are subject to the approval of the HRC. 

VI. Award Payment 
 A. Timing 
 a. US Participants 
 Awards for US Participants will be generally paid or provided no later than two and one-half months into the calendar year following the end of the Plan Year. 
 
 b. Non-US Participants 
 Awards for non-US Participants will be paid or provided no later than the monthly or semi-monthly regularly scheduled payroll date for the month of February of the calendar year following the end of the Plan Year, unless otherwise specified in the Country Appendix covering the Participant. 
 
 The determination of a Participant s eligibility for, and payment or issuance of, an Award may be delayed if there is an investigation or review of the Participant s conduct in progress on the Award Payment Date, the outcome of which may be dependent on whether the Participant has met the Award qualifiers, until such time that a decision that the Participant has met the Award qualifiers and a final review of the Participant s performance is made. 
 B. Delivery 
 Awards may be paid in the form of short-term cash or long-term Awards (cash or equity), or a combination thereof, at the HRC s discretion, at the discretion of the Plan Manager, or as required by Applicable Laws, Policies, and Expectations . Generally, long-term Awards shall be paid as Restricted Share Rights, unless prohibited by Applicable Laws, Policies, and Expectations or if determined by the Plan Manager in their absolute discretion. To the extent all or a portion of an Award is paid in the form of an equity-based Award under the LTIP, the equity-based Award is subject to the approval of and to terms and conditions as approved by the HRC in accordance with the provisions of the LTIP and as reflected in the applicable Award agreement. To the extent all or a portion of an Award is paid in the form of long-term cash, it will be provided under the LTCAP, subject to such terms and conditions of the LTCAP and as reflected in the applicable Award agreement. 
 
 For non-US Participants, any cash Awards are decisioned and paid in local currency unless determined otherwise by the Company in its discretion. The number of RSRs awarded will be determined using the appropriate deferral requirements and using the exchange rate on the date the Award is approved. The exchange rate for both elements of the Award is determined at the complete discretion of Wells Fargo. 

11 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

VII. Employment changes 
 A. Leaves of absence 
 
 If a Participant is on a leave of absence Leave during the Plan Year and does not terminate their employment prior to the Award Payment Date, they may be considered for an Award (subject to meeting the Plan s eligibility and qualifying criteria, and other terms of the Plan). 
 
 When determining an Award for a Participant who is or was on Leave during the Plan Year, the manager should take into consideration the Participant s achievements and contributions toward Performance Expectations over the Performance Period. 
 
 B. Changes in employment status 
 a. Transfers 
 The following applies for Participants who work in more than one Plan-eligible position during the Plan Year or for part of the Plan Year because they have either transferred to the eligible position or they have transferred to another position that is not eligible (collectively referred to as Transfers ). 
 i. Transfers between Plan-eligible positions 
 1. The Participant must meet the eligibility criteria set forth in Section IV 
 ii. Transfers between a Plan-eligible position and a non-Plan-eligible position (both non-bonus-eligible positions and positions that are eligible for other incentive plans) 
 1. The Participant must meet the eligibility criteria set forth in Section IV 
 b. Terminations US Participants 
 Participants must be employed on the Award Payment Date to be eligible for an Award unless otherwise noted below, subject to the Plan s other terms and conditions, including criteria set forth in Section IV . 
 i. Retirement 
 Participants who retire prior to the Award Payment Date are not eligible for an Award. A Senior Management Participant or other Participant subject to Notice Period requirements who is retiring and serving out a Notice Period on the Award Payment Date may be eligible for an Award, subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 
 ii. Displacements 
 A Participant who received notice of Displacement and is serving out a Notice Period on the Eligibility Date set forth in Section IV , or the Award Payment Date may be considered for an Award, subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan. 

12 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

iii. Corporate Transactions 
 In the event of an involuntary termination due to a Corporate Transaction prior to the Award Payment Date or the Eligibility Date set forth in Section IV , a Participant may be considered for an Award subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan and with any arrangements with a third party involved in the Corporate Transaction. 
 
 iv. Death 
 In the event of a Participant s death, prior to the Award Payment Date or the Eligibility Date, the Participant may be considered for an Award, subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan 
 v. Fixed Term Employment 
 A Participant employed as a Fixed Term Employee (for example a Participant of the Workforce Share program) may be considered for an Award subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan and in accordance with Applicable Laws, Policies, and Expectations,, procedures, and year-end guidance. 
 
 c. Terminations Non-US Participants 
 Participants must be employed on the Award Payment Date to be eligible for an Award unless otherwise noted below, or in the Country Appendix, subject to the Plan s other terms and conditions, including criteria set forth in Section IV . If a Participant is serving out a Notice Period (whether given by their Employer or the Participant) for any reason whatsoever on the Award Payment Date or is otherwise no longer employed by their Employer on the Award Payment Date or the Eligibility Date, the Participant shall not be eligible to be considered for an Award unless specified below or in a Country Appendix. 
 
 A Participant whose employment ends due to Cause, or where one of the reasons for the end of employment falls within the definition of Cause, shall not qualify for an Award. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, these provisions and the rest of the Plan do not give rise to any contractual right to receive an Award. 
 
 i. Retirement 
 A Participant whose employment terminates due to Retirement prior to the Award Payment Date is not eligible for an Award. A Participant who is serving out a Notice Period on the Award Payment Date prior to their employment terminating by reason of Retirement may still be considered eligible for an Award, subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan. Such Participants must be employed on both the Eligibility Date and the Award Payment Date to be considered for an Award for that Plan Year. 
 
 ii. Required to retire 
 In the event a Participant has been required to retire, as identified in the Country Appendix, prior to the Award Payment Date, subject to the relevant provisions as set forth in the applicable Retiring from Wells Fargo articles associated with the Global Employee Handbook, they may be considered for an Award. In the event a Participant ceases to be employed by their Employer on this ground prior to the Eligibility Date, they may still be considered for an Award. 
 
 iii. Corporate Transaction 
 In the event of an involuntary termination due to a Corporate Transaction prior to the Award Payment Date or the Eligibility Date, a Participant may be considered for an Award subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan and with any arrangements with a third party involved in the Corporate Transaction. 
 13 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

iv. Death 
 In the event of a Participant s death, prior to the Award Payment Date or the Eligibility Date, the Participant may be considered for an Award, subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 
 v. Fixed Term Employment 
 Refer to Country Appendix 
 
 vi. Good Leaver Events 
 If the reason for the Participant s cessation of employment is a Good Leaver Event, then despite the Participant not being employed on the Award Payment Date or serving out a Notice Period on the Award Payment Date, the Participant may be considered for an Award, subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan. In relation to the Eligibility Date requirement (i) Participants whose employment terminates due to the redundancy Good Leaver Event must be employed on the Eligibility Date of the Plan Year to be considered for an Award for that Plan Year (ii) Participants whose employment terminates due to other Good Leaver Events may be considered for an Award despite not being employed on the Eligibility Date of the Plan Year. 
 
 A Participant may be asked to furnish evidence to support a finding that there is a Good Leaver Event in respect of the Participant. 
 
 In addition to the Award qualifiers identified in Section IV , a Participant will also be required (as a condition of Good Leaver Event treatment) to sign a release of all claims on terms acceptable to their Employer following termination of employment in order to be eligible for any Award under the Plan following the effective date of termination. 

VIII. Plan administration 
 A. Plan Manager 
 The Plan Manager has full discretionary authority to administer and interpret the Plan and may, at any time, delegate to personnel of Wells Fargo such responsibilities as it considers appropriate to facilitate the day-to-day administration of the Plan. Such delegation(s) will be documented in writing. Except with respect to Executive Officers, the Plan Manager s authority includes approving, denying or adjusting a Participant s Award amount or Award recommendation and approving special discretionary payments for Participants who do not meet eligibility criteria in Section IV and Section VII . The Plan Manager will consult with such control function partners as appropriate prior to taking any action impacting a Plan Participant. 
 The HRC has the authority to make any and all decisions with respect to Awards under the Plan (including special discretionary payments) to Executive Officers. 
 
 Plan commitments or interpretations (oral or written) by anyone other than the Plan Manager, the HRC, or a delegate appointed by either the Plan Manager or HRC, are invalid and will have no force or effect upon the policies, procedures and expectations set forth in this Plan . 

14 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

In the event of any conflict between the Plan and oral or written communications, summaries, or overviews of, the Plan, the specific terms of this Plan or any official amendments to this Plan will control. 
 B. Payments subject to Applicable Laws, Policies, and Expectations 
 
 The determination and payment of any Award under the Plan is subject to the conditions and restrictions imposed under Applicable Laws, Policies, and Expectations. A Participant s rights to or receipt of compensation under the Plan may be limited, modified, delayed, cancelled or recovered to ensure compliance with all such Applicable Laws, Policies, and Expectations and any supplemental guidance that may be issued from time to time. 
 C. Inquiries and Disputes 
 
 If a Participant would like to submit an inquiry or dispute regarding their Award under the Plan, the Participant should attempt to resolve it with the manager of their business unit as soon as possible. If this is not successful, the Participant may send a request to Compensation Delivery at compensationdelivery wellsfargo.com within 60 days following the Award Payment Date, or as soon as possible. The request for review should include any facts supporting the Participant s requests as well as any issues or comments the Participant deems pertinent. The Compensation Delivery team will respond to the inquiry. 
 D. Overpayments 
 
 In the event a Participant is overpaid an Award, the amount not Earned may be recouped by Wells Fargo, subject to Applicable Laws, Policies, and Expectations. In the case of termination of employment, the Participant is expected to promptly repay Wells Fargo the portion of the Award amount that was paid but not Earned. 
 E. Performance Conditions and Clawbacks 
 
 Awards granted under this Plan may be subject to performance conditions, and other requirements, as reflected in any applicable reduction, recoupment, cancellation, malus or clawback policies, practices or provisions, or such other agreements, plans, policies or provisions, of the Company, as in effect from time to time, and any applicable reduction, recoupment, cancellation, malus or clawback requirements imposed under Applicable Laws, Policies, and Expectations, including but not limited to the Clawback and Forfeiture Policy . 
 F. No Employment Right 
 
 Neither the action of Wells Fargo in establishing or maintaining the Plan, nor any provision of the Plan itself, shall be construed so as to grant any person contractual rights with respect to their employment or continued employment (or if applicable, additional contractual rights). 
 
 15 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

a. US Participants 
 The Plan is not an employment contract and participation in the Plan does not alter a Participant s at-will employment relationship with their Employer. Both the Participant and their Employer are free to terminate the Participant s employment relationship at any time for any reason. No rights in the Plan may be claimed by any person whether or not they are selected to participate in the Plan. 

b. Non-US Participants 
 Despite participation in the Plan, a Participant s employment relationship with their Employer may be terminated at any time in accordance with the Participant s employment contract or Applicable Laws, Policies, and Expectations. The Plan does not form part of a Participant s contract of employment, unless otherwise required by Applicable Laws, Policies, and Expectations. 
 
 No person shall acquire any right to an accounting audit or to examine the books or the affairs of Wells Fargo. 
 G. Amendment or Termination of the Plan 
 The terms and conditions of the Plan are subject to periodic review and the Board of Directors of Wells Fargo & Company or the HRC may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan or any Award or Award recommendation at any time, for any reason. The Plan Manager may amend the Plan to the extent consistent with its authority to administer the Plan under Section VIII, A , including to revise any information in the Country Appendix to comply with the laws governing the jurisdiction under which a Participant subject to such Appendix is located. The Plan Manager will consult with such control function partners as appropriate in connection with any such amendment, suspension, or termination under this provision. 
 H. Assignment 
 No Participant has any right or power to pledge or assign any rights, privileges, or Awards provided for under the Plan unless the Plan provides that Awards may be allocated to certain eligible recipients. 
 I. Unsecured Obligations 
 Awards under the Plan are unsecured obligations of the Company. 
 J. Validity 
 
 16 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

In case any provision of this Plan is held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity of that provision will not affect the remaining parts of the Plan. Instead, this Plan will be construed and enforced as if such illegal or invalid provision had never been inserted herein. 
 K. Withholding Taxes and Deductions 
 Wells Fargo shall deduct from all payments under the Plan an amount necessary to satisfy the relevant statutory deductions for income tax, social insurance and or other applicable statutory pension and or special labor insurance contribution deductions required to be taken under the law of the jurisdiction governing the Participant provided however, the Participant is responsible for appropriate reporting and remittance of taxes and other statutory contributions in relation to Award payments under this Plan where required in their locations. 
 L. Governing Language 
 Subject to applicable law, to the extent that this Plan or any other document related to this Plan is made available in local language and English versions for any jurisdiction, should there be any difference in interpretation, the English version will prevail and the relevant local language version shall be deemed to be automatically amended to conform with, and to make the relevant local language version consistent with, the English version. 
 M. Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
 The Plan shall be construed, administered and governed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction governing the Participant. If any provision of this Plan shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of the Plan shall continue in full force and effect. 
 N. IRS Section 409A for Participants on US-Based Payroll 
 For Awards subject to US tax laws, to the extent incentive compensation under the Plan is paid in cash no later than two and one-half months following the end of the Plan Year, the Company intends such Award to qualify as a short-term deferral exempt from the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. If, however, it is administratively impracticable to pay an Award within two and one-half months following the end of the Plan Year (generally March 15 th or a payment is delayed due to an unforeseeable event or investigation , payment will be made as soon as administratively possible but in no event later than the end of such calendar year following the end of the Plan Year. In the event an Award payable under the Plan does not qualify for treatment as an exempt short-term deferral, such amount will be paid in a manner that will satisfy the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A and applicable guidance thereunder. 

17 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

IX. Appendix A Country Appendix 
 A. Canada 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Canada. 
 
 Section VII, B, c, v. 
 
 Subject to applicable employment standards legislation, Fixed-Term Employees are not eligible to participate in the Plan. 

Section VII, B, c, vi . 
 
 The following shall be added to sub-item (vi) 
 Subject to applicable employment standards legislation, a Participant whose employment is terminated without Cause in circumstances in which the termination does not qualify as a Good Leaver Event will not be entitled to an Award or payment in lieu thereof. 
 
 Other than expressly required by applicable employment standards legislation, there shall be no Award or payment in lieu thereof paid to a Participant in respect of or attributable to any period of common law reasonable notice, or any period of contractual termination or payment in lieu thereof, to which a Participant might be entitled, whether in a Good Leaver Event termination or otherwise in subsection (c). 
 
 Section VIII, L . 
 
 The paragraph shall be deleted and replaced with the following 
 
 To the extent that this Plan or any other document related to this Plan is made available in French and English versions for Participants in the Province of Quebec, should there be any difference in interpretation, the French version will prevail. 

B. People s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong) 

18 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are located in the People s Republic of China. 

Section VII, B, c. 
 
 The definition of Cause (as identified in Section II above) is replaced in its entirety as follows 
 
 Cause means the termination of the Participant s employment in circumstances involving one or more of the following 
 
 a. The continued failure or refusal of the Participant to perform satisfactorily any duties reasonably required of the Participant, after written notification by the Company or an affiliated company, and the failure of the employee within thirty (30) calendar days of such notification to correct such breach, failure or refusal (other than failure by reason of incapacity due to physical or mental illness) or 
 b. The commission of any fraud, misappropriation, embezzlement or other dishonest act that makes the Participant ineligible for coverage under the Company s fidelity bond or otherwise makes the Participant ineligible for continued employment or 
 c. Any act of gross insubordination or willful misconduct or 
 d. Reporting to work under the influence of alcohol, narcotics or unlawful controlled substances, any violation of the Applicable Laws, Policies and Expectations including, but not limited to, any employment policies and procedures, key compliance policies or procedures, the Code of Conduct, Applicable Laws and Policies, and Expectations or local work rules in force from time to time or 
 
 e. Conviction of a criminal offense, including but not limited to an offense involving a dishonest or fraudulent act, or conduct in violation of law or conduct that would constitute a basis for criminal conviction that makes the Participant ineligible for coverage under the Company s fidelity bond or otherwise makes the employee ineligible for continued employment or 
 f. Violation of any securities or commodities laws, any rules or regulations pursuant to such laws, or the rules and regulations of any securities or commodities exchange or association of which the Company is a member, or violation of any similar law, regulation, ordinance or licensing requirement applicable to employees of financial institutions or conduct that may reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on the on the financial interest or business reputation of the Company or an affiliated company or 
 g. Serious violation of Company rules or corporate policies or 
 h. Any other statutory reasons for a summary dismissal under applicable laws and regulations. 
 19 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

The foregoing does not represent a complete list of all acts or omissions that may constitute grounds for a termination for Cause. The Plan Manager will have the sole discretion to determine whether a particular individual s employment has been terminated for Cause, and its determination will be final and binding upon the Company and that individual. 

Section II 

Definition of Good Leaver Event sub-item (1) is replaced in its entirety as follows 
 
 1. Injury, ill-health or disability causing the Participant to be unable to return to work after the Participant s medical treatment period has already expired. 

Section VII, B, c, ii . 

Required to retire clause is applicable in People s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong) 
 C. France 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in France. 
 
 Section VII, B, c, v. 
 
 The following paragraph shall be added to this section of the Plan 
 v. Fixed Term Employment The definition of Good Leaver Event (as defined in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsection 
 
 4. Where the Participant was employed under a fixed-term contract, the expiry of the fixed-term, save if, in the view of Wells Fargo, they have been offered reasonable alternative employment or if their employment is terminated without Cause in circumstances other than the expiry of the fixed-term. 

Section VII, B, c. 

20 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as referred to in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 
 
 h. any act of gross misconduct, gross negligence, a material failure of risk management by the Participant or the business unit in which the Participant manages or performs services, or is in material breach of one of the terms of the Participant s employment, including, but not limited to, engaging in prohibited conduct which is listed as grounds for summary dismissal 
 
 i. infringement of any rules or regulations imposed by any regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties 
 
 j. any failure to possess any qualification or meet any condition or requirement laid down by any applicable regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties by legislation including, but not limited to, a financial regulator or fidelity bond requirements or a failure to pass such regulatory exams as prescribed by the Company from time to time 
 
 k. the Participant acted in a way which in the reasonable view of the Company s management, may bring the Company into disrepute, whether or not such act is directly related to the affairs of the Company 
 
 l. the Participant becomes bankrupt or makes any composition or enters into any deed of arrangement with the Participant s creditors 
 
 m. the Participant engaged in any way whatsoever in Regulated Activities (being services of a financial or investment nature including but not limited to performing controlled functions) when the Participant is not registered as an approved person by any relevant regulator to do so, or the Participant failed to complete, if necessary, the fit and proper questionnaire for any relevant regulator 
 
 n. the Participant otherwise adversely affected the Company s continued authorization to engage in Regulated Activities and or the Participant s, if applicable, continued registration as an approved person or 
 
 o. any act or omission which would, whether under the Participant s contract of employment or applicable local law, entitle the Participant s employing entity to terminate the employment of the Participant summarily. 

Section VIII, L 

The following shall be added 

Participants who are located in France acknowledge the following in writing 
 
 21 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

You further acknowledge that it is your express wish that the Plan, as well as all documents, notices or summaries relating to the Plan be drawn up in English. 

Vous reconnaissez galement que le R gime, ainsi que tous les documents, avis ou r sum s s'y rapportant ont t r dig s en langue anglaise votre demande expresse. 
 
 D. Germany 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Germany. 

Section VII, B, c, v. 

The following paragraph shall be added to this section of the Plan 
 v. Fixed Term Employment The definition of Good Leaver Event (as defined in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsection 
 4. Where the Participant was employed under a fixed-term contract, the expiry of the fixed-term, save if, in the view of Wells Fargo, they have been offered reasonable alternative employment or if their employment is terminated without Cause in circumstances other than the expiry of the fixed-term. 
 
 Section VII, B, c. 
 
 In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as referred to in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

h. any act of gross misconduct, gross negligence, a material failure of risk management by the Participant or the business unit in which the Participant manages or performs services, or is in material 
 breach of one of the terms of the Participant s employment, including, but not limited to, engaging in prohibited conduct which is listed as grounds for summary dismissal 

i. infringement of any rules or regulations imposed by any regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties 
 22 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

j. any failure to possess any qualification or meet any condition or requirement laid down by any applicable regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties by legislation including, but not limited to, a financial regulator or fidelity bond requirements or failure to pass such regulatory exams as prescribed by the Company from time to time 
 k. the Participant acted in a way which in the reasonable view of the Company s management, may bring the Company into disrepute, whether or not such act is directly related to the affairs of the Company 
 l. the Participant becomes bankrupt or makes any composition or enters into any deed of arrangement with the Participant s creditors 
 m. the Participant engaged in any way whatsoever in Regulated Activities (being services of a financial or investment nature including but not limited to performing controlled functions) when the Participant is not registered as an approved person by any relevant regulator to do so, or the Participant failed to complete, if necessary, the fit and proper questionnaire for any relevant regulator or the Participant otherwise adversely affected the Company s continued authorization to engage in Regulated Activities and or the Participant s, if applicable, continued registration as an approved person 
 n. any act or omission which would, whether under the Participant s contract of employment or applicable local law, entitle the Participant s employing entity to terminate the employment of the Participant summarily. 
 E. Hong Kong 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Hong Kong 

Section VII, B, c, ii. 

Required to retire clause is applicable in Hong Kong. 
 
 F. India 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following statement shall apply in interpreting the provisions of the Plan for any Participant employed by an Employer in India 

23 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Any reference to bonus or incentive or Award in the Plan shall be read and construed as meaning an incentive payment that a Participant may be eligible to receive subject to the terms of the Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, a reference to bonus or incentive or Award in the Plan is not indicative of any entitlement or potential entitlement to a profit-based bonus under the Payment of Bonus Act 1965, as may be amended from time to time, or any other applicable laws or regulations. 

Section VII, B, c, ii. 

Required to retire clause is applicable in India. 
 G. India Wells Fargo International Solutions Private Limited 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by Wells Fargo International Solutions Private Limited. 

Section V, C 

This section is amended as follows 

The Wells Fargo India Board, Wells Fargo India Managing Director, and the head of Finance Shared Services Group must approve the aggregate value of Awards for Wells Fargo International Solutions Private Limited. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Awards to Executive Officers are subject to the approval of the HRC. 

Section VII, B, c, ii. 

Required to retire clause is applicable in India. 

H. Ireland 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Ireland. 

Section VII, B, c, v. 

24 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

The following paragraph shall be added to this section of the Plan 
 v. Fixed Term Employment The definition of Good Leaver Event (as defined in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsection 
 4. Where the Participant was employed under a fixed-term contract, the expiry of the fixed-term, save if, in the view of Wells Fargo, they have been offered reasonable alternative employment or if their employment is terminated without Cause in circumstances other than the expiry of the fixed-term. 

Section VII, B, c. 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as referred to in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

h. any act of gross misconduct, gross negligence, a material failure of risk management by the Participant or the business unit in which the Participant manages or performs services, or is in material breach of one of the terms of the Participant s employment, including, but not limited to, engaging in prohibited conduct which is listed as grounds for summary dismissal 
 
 i. infringement of any rules or regulations imposed by any regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties 
 j. any failure to possess any qualification or meet any condition or requirement laid down by any applicable regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties by legislation including, but not limited to, a financial regulator or fidelity bond requirements or a failure to pass such regulatory exams as prescribed by the Company from time to time 
 k. the Participant acted in a way which in the reasonable view of the Company s management, may bring the Company into disrepute, whether or not such act is directly related to the affairs of the Company 
 l. the Participant becomes bankrupt or makes any composition or enters into any deed of arrangement with the Participant s creditors 
 m. the Participant engaged in any way whatsoever in Regulated Activities (being services of a financial or investment nature including but not limited to performing controlled functions) when the Participant is not registered as an approved person by any relevant regulator to do so, or the Participant failed to complete, if necessary, the fit and proper questionnaire for any relevant regulator 
 25 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

n. or the Participant otherwise adversely affected the Company s continued authorization to engage in Regulated Activities and or the Participant s, if applicable, continued registration as an approved person 
 
 o. any act or omission which would, whether under the Participant s contract of employment or applicable local law, entitle the Participant s employing entity to terminate the employment of the Participant summarily. 
 I. Japan 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Japan. 

Section V, B, c. 

In this Section, the applicable definition of Cause (as defined in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

h. The Participant neglects or fails (otherwise than by reason of accident or ill health), or refuses to carry out the lawful instructions of the Company, within the scope of the duties required of the Participant or 
 i. The Participant commits any acts of discrimination or harassment or 
 j. The Participant is absent from work without justifiable excuse for a continuous period of fifteen calendar days or more or 
 k. The Participant is found to have falsified, omitted or provided inaccurate information to the Company or its vendors during the background check process or 
 l. The Participant is declared bankrupt, becomes insolvent or enters into an arrangement with creditors or 
 m. There are any other grounds considered reasonable under the Labor Standards Act. 

Capitalized terms (other than Participant are defined in the Participant s employment agreement. 

Section VII, B, c, ii. 

26 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Required to retire clause is applicable in Japan. 
 
 J. Korea 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Korea. 

Section VII, B, c. 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as defined in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

h. There is a decision on dismissal by the Disciplinary Action Committee for intentional or serious mistakes made on a critical position 
 i. The Participant obtains employment by misrepresenting any important fact in the documents submitted or information given to the Company such as name, age, education and employment history, etc. or while Participant misrepresents their position within the Company 
 j. the Participant misuses their title or position to pursue their own interest 
 k. the Participant is absent without permission and or proper communication with the Company for a continuous period of three (3) days or for a total of six (6) days in any one calendar year period 
 l. the Participant misuses the funds, machinery, instruments, facilities or any other property of the Company in order to pursue his or her own interest 
 m. the Participant engages in other business without approval from the Company 
 n. the Participant possesses, transfers, purchases, sells or uses any controlled substances without obtaining a valid written medical or pharmaceutical prescription 
 o. the Participant possesses or uses firearms or other potentially lethal weapons 
 p. the Participant engages in any illegal labor dispute activity or other illegal collective action 
 q. the Participant alters or falsifies Company documents 
 r. the Participant, intentionally or by gross negligence, causes substantial damage to the Company 
 s. the Participant deliberately obstructs Wells Fargo s normal business 
 27 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

t. the Participant holds a meeting, posts or distributes written materials, or conducts any other similar activities within Wells Fargo premises in breach of the Company s applicable policies and or without the Company s advance permission 
 u. the Participant carries out political activities in the workplace or other facilities of Wells Fargo 
 v. for any other ground permitted under the Labor Standards Act. 
 
 Section VII, B, c, ii. 

Required to retire clause is applicable in Korea. 

K. Netherlands 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in the Netherlands. 

Section VII, B, c, v. 

The following paragraph shall be added to this section of the Plan 
 v. Fixed Term Employment The definition of Good Leaver Event (as defined in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsection 
 4. Where the Participant was employed under a fixed-term contract, the expiry of the fixed-term, save if, in the view of Wells Fargo, they have been offered reasonable alternative employment or if their employment is terminated without Cause in circumstances other than the expiry of the fixed-term. 
 
 Section VII, B, c. 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as referred to in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

h. any act of gross misconduct, gross negligence, a material failure of risk management by the Participant or the business unit in which the Participant manages or performs services, or is in material 
 28 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

breach of one of the terms of the Participant s employment, including, but not limited to, engaging in prohibited conduct which is listed as grounds for summary dismissal 
 
 i. infringement of any rules or regulations imposed by any regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties 
 j. any failure to possess any qualification or meet any condition or requirement laid down by any applicable regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties by legislation including, but not limited to, a financial regulator or fidelity bond requirements or a failure to pass such regulatory exams as prescribed by the Company from time to time 
 k. the Participant acted in a way which in the reasonable view of the Company s management, may bring the Company into disrepute, whether or not such act is directly related to the affairs of the Company 
 l. the Participant becomes bankrupt or makes any composition or enters into any deed of arrangement with the Participant s creditors 
 m. the Participant engaged in any way whatsoever in Regulated Activities (being services of a financial or investment nature including but not limited to performing controlled functions) when the Participant is not registered as an approved person by any relevant regulator to do so, or the Participant failed to complete, if necessary, the fit and proper questionnaire for any relevant regulator 
 n. the Participant otherwise adversely affected the Company s continued authorization to engage in Regulated Activities and or the Participant s, if applicable, continued registration as an approved person or 
 
 o. any act or omission which would, whether under the Participant s contract of employment or applicable local law, entitle the Participant s employing entity to terminate the employment of the Participant summarily. 
 L. The Philippines Wells Fargo International Solutions LLC - Philippines 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by Wells Fargo International Solutions, LLC-Philippines. 
 
 Section V, C. 

This section is amended as follows 

29 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

The Wells Fargo Philippines Board, Managing Director, and the Head of Finance Shared Services Group must approve the aggregate value of Awards for Wells Fargo Philippines. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Awards to Executive Officers are subject to the approval of the HRC. 

Section VII, B, c. 
 
 a. Authorized Causes as defined under the Labor Code of the Philippines, such as, 
 i. Installation of labor saving devices 
 ii. Closure of establishment 
 iii. Reduction of personnel due to 
 1. Redundancy or 
 2. Retrenchment to prevent losses and 
 iv. Termination due to disease. 

Section VII, B, c, ii. 

Required to retire clause is applicable in the Philippines. 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as referred to in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

Cause refers to Just Cause and shall include, but not be limited to, the termination of the Participant s employment due to 

a. The Participant commits any act of discrimination or harassment or 
 b. The Participant engages in any civil wrong or conduct of a criminal nature (including but not limited to assault, theft and fraud) or any other conduct which in the reasonable opinion of the Company may seriously impact on the Participant's ability to perform the duties of the position or is likely to significantly damage the reputation or business of the Company or 
 c. Any other ground considered just cause under the Labor Code or other applicable law. 
 M. Singapore 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Singapore 

30 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Section VII, B, c, ii. 

Required to retire clause is applicable in Singapore. 
 
 N. Sweden 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Sweden. 

Section VII, B, c, v. 

The following paragraph shall be added to this section of the Plan 
 v. Fixed Term Employment The definition of Good Leaver Event (as defined in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsection 
 4. Where the Participant was employed under a fixed-term contract, the expiry of the fixed-term, save if, in the view of Wells Fargo, they have been offered reasonable alternative employment or if their employment is terminated without Cause in circumstances other than the expiry of the fixed-term. 

Section VII, B, c. 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as referred to in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

h. any act of gross misconduct, gross negligence, a material failure of risk management by the Participant or the business unit in which the Participant manages or performs services, or is in material breach of one of the terms of the Participant s employment, including, but not limited to, engaging in prohibited conduct which is listed as grounds for summary dismissal 
 
 i. infringement of any rules or regulations imposed by any regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties 
 
 31 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

j. any failure to possess any qualification or meet any condition or requirement laid down by any applicable regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties by legislation including, but not limited to, a financial regulator or fidelity bond requirements or a failure to pass such regulatory exams as prescribed by the Company from time to time 
 k. the Participant acted in a way which in the reasonable view of the Company s management, may bring the Company into disrepute, whether or not such act is directly related to the affairs of the Company 
 l. the Participant becomes bankrupt or makes any composition or enters into any deed of arrangement with the Participant s creditors 
 m. the Participant engaged in any way whatsoever in Regulated Activities (being services of a financial or investment nature including but not limited to performing controlled functions) when the Participant is not registered as an approved person by any relevant regulator to do so, or the Participant failed to complete, if necessary, the fit and proper questionnaire for any relevant regulator 
 n. the Participant otherwise adversely affected the Company s continued authorization to engage in Regulated Activities and or the Participant s, if applicable, continued registration as an approved person or 
 
 o. any act or omission which would, whether under the Participant s contract of employment or applicable local law, entitle the Participant s employing entity to terminate the employment of the Participant summarily. 
 O. Taiwan 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Taiwan. 

Section VII, B, c. 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as referred to in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

h. misrepresents any fact at the time of signing a labor contract in a manner which might mislead the Company and thus caused the Company to sustain damage therefrom 
 i. commits a violent act against or grossly insults the Company or agent of the Company, or a fellow worker 
 
 32 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

j. has been sentenced to temporary imprisonment in a final and conclusive judgment, and is not granted a suspended sentence or permitted to commute the sentence to payment of a fine. 
 k. is, without good cause, absent from work for three consecutive days, or for a total six days in any month 
 l. commits an act or omission for which, in the Company s opinion, the Participant s employment can be terminated without notice or payment in lieu in accordance with the Labor Standards Act of Taiwan. 
 
 Section VII, B, c, vi. 

The definition of Good Leaver Event referenced in Section II replaces subitem 3 in its entirety with the following 

3. Layoff (i.e., where the Participant's employment was terminated due to one of the following situations 
 
 A. The Company's businesses are suspended, or have been transferred 
 B. The Company's businesses suffer an operating loss, or business contractions 
 C. Where force majeure necessitates the suspension of business for more than one month and or 
 D. Where the change of the nature of business necessitates the reduction of workforce and the Participant cannot be reassigned to other suitable positions.) 
 
 Section VII, B, c, ii. 

Required to retire clause is applicable in Taiwan. 
 
 P. United Arab Emirates (Dubai) 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in the United Arab Emirates. 
 
 Section VII, B, c. 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as referred to in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 
 33 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

h. is guilty of gross misconduct, gross negligence, a material failure of risk management by the Participant or the business unit in which the Participant manages or performs services, or is in material breach of one of the terms of the Participant s employment, including, but not limited to, engaging in prohibited conduct which is listed as grounds for summary dismissal 
 i. infringes any rules or regulations imposed by any regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties 
 j. fails, due to fault and or neglect on the Participant s part, to possess any qualification or meet any condition or requirement laid down by any applicable regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties by legislation including, but not limited to, a financial regulator or fidelity bond requirements or fails due to fault and or neglect on the Participant s part to pass such regulatory exams as prescribed by the Company from time to time 
 k. acts in a way which in the reasonable view of the Company s management, may bring the Company into disrepute, whether or not such act is directly related to the affairs of the Company 
 l. becomes bankrupt or makes any composition or enters into any deed of arrangement with the Participant s creditors 
 m. engages in any way whatsoever in Regulated Activities (being services of a financial or investment nature including but not limited to performing controlled functions) when the Participant is not registered as an approved person by the relevant regulator to do so, or the Participant fails to complete, if necessary, the fit and proper questionnaire for the relevant regulator 
 n. the Participant otherwise adversely affects the Company s continued authorization to engage in Regulated Activities and or the Participant s, if applicable, continued registration as an approved person or 
 
 o. is guilty of any act or omission which would, whether under the Participant s contract of employment or applicable local law, entitle the Participant s employing entity to terminate the employment of the Participant summarily. 
 Q. United Kingdom 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in the United Kingdom. 

Section VII, B, c, v. 

34 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

The following paragraph shall be added to this section of the Plan 
 v. Fixed Term Employment The definition of Good Leaver Event (as defined in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsection 
 4. Where the Participant was employed under a fixed-term contract, the expiry of the fixed-term, save if, in the view of Wells Fargo, they have been offered reasonable alternative employment or if their employment is terminated without Cause in circumstances other than the expiry of the fixed-term. 
 
 Section VII, B, c. 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as referred to in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

h. any act of gross misconduct, gross negligence, a material failure of risk management by the Participant or the business unit in which the Participant manages or performs services, or is in material breach of one of the terms of the Participant s employment, including, but not limited to, engaging in prohibited conduct which is listed as grounds for summary dismissal 
 i. infringement of any rules or regulations imposed by any regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties 
 j. any failure to possess any qualification or meet any condition or requirement laid down by any applicable regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties by legislation including, but not limited to, a financial regulator or fidelity bond requirements or a failure to pass such regulatory exams as prescribed by the Company from time to time 
 k. the Participant acted in a way which in the reasonable view of the Company s management, may bring the Company into disrepute, whether or not such act is directly related to the affairs of the Company 
 l. the Participant becomes bankrupt or makes any composition or enters into any deed of arrangement with the Participant s creditors 
 m. the Participant engaged in any way whatsoever in Regulated Activities (being services of a financial or investment nature including but not limited to performing controlled functions) when the Participant is not registered as an approved person by any relevant regulator to do so, or the Participant failed to complete, if necessary, the fit and proper questionnaire for any relevant regulator 
 35 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

n. the Participant otherwise adversely affected the Company s continued authorization to engage in Regulated Activities and or the Participant s, if applicable, continued registration as an approved person or 
 o. any act or omission which would, whether under the Participant s contract of employment or applicable local law, entitle the Participant s employing entity to terminate the employment of the Participant summarily. 
 R. Vietnam 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Vietnam. 

Section VII, B, c. 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as defined in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

h. the continued failure or refusal of the Participant to perform satisfactorily any duties reasonably required of the Participant, after at least two written notifications by the Company or an affiliated company or 
 
 i. any violation of the Company s employment policies or procedures including but not limited to the Code of Conduct, , Applicable Laws, Policies, and Expectations, or local work rules in force from time to time, Internal Labor Regulations that are subject to dismissal under the Vietnamese labor law and or the Company's Internal Labor Regulations 

Section VII, B, c, ii. 

Required to retire clause is applicable in Vietnam. 
 
 S. Identified Staff 
 
 CRD Identified Staff and IFD IFR IFPR Identified Staff 

36 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

This Sub-section of Appendix A applies to all applicable Participants regardless of the country in which they are employed by an Employer. 
 
 If a Participant is CRD Identified Staff or IFD IFR IFPR Identified Staff, the Participant s eligibility for an Award will be governed by, and subject to, the terms and conditions of the Plan, and any other conditions and restrictions imposed under any applicable law, rules and regulations. The form of any Award under the Plan and payout terms and conditions will be governed by the Identified Staff Incentive Payout Structure, a document that supplements the Plan and only applies to Awards granted to CRD Identified Staff and IFD IFR IFPR Identified Staff Participants. 
 
 Definitions 
 
 For purposes of this Sub-section of Appendix A, the following definitions shall apply 
 a. CRD means Directive 2013 36 EU of the European Parliament and the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms as amended by Directive (EU) 2019 878 of the European Parliament and the Council of 20 May 2019, and all associated directives, regulations and implementing legislation, rules or guidance (including without limitation the UK Financial Conduct Authority dual-regulated firms remuneration code and UK Prudential Regulation Authority remuneration rules), in each case as amended or replaced from time to time. 
 
 b. IFR means Regulation 2019 2033 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 November 2019 on the prudential requirements of investment firms and IFD means Directive 2019 2034 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 November 2019 on the prudential supervision of investment firms and all associated directives, regulations and implementing legislation, rules or guidance, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time, including without limitation the Investment Firms Prudential Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK and the UK Financial Conduct Authority MIFIDPRU remuneration code (IFPR). 
 
 c. CRD Identified Staff means all Participants who have been classified as Identified Staff for the purposes of CRD. 
 
 d. IFD IFR IFPR Identified Staff means all Participants who have been classified as Identified Staff for the purposes of IFD IFR IFPR. 

37 2024 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

The Plan is effective January 1, 2023 and replaces all previous versions of the Wells Fargo Bonus Plan. 

2023 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. All rights reserved. 

Contents 
 I. Purpose of the Plan 
 4 
 II. Definitions 
 4 
 III. Funding 
 8 
 IV. Plan eligibility and qualification 
 8 
 A. Eligibility 
 9 
 B. Award Qualifiers 
 9 
 V. Awards 
 10 
 A. Award Recommendation 
 10 
 B. Deferral of Awards 
 10 
 C. Approvals 
 10 
 VI. Award payment 
 11 
 A. Timing 
 11 
 B. Delivery 
 11 
 VII. Employment changes 
 12 
 A. Leaves of absence 
 12 
 B. Changes in employment status 
 12 
 VIII. Plan administration 
 14 
 A. Plan M anager 
 14 
 B. Payments subject to Applicable Laws and Policies 
 15 
 C. Inquiries 
 15 
 D. Overpayments 
 15 
 E. Performance Conditions and Clawbacks 
 15 
 F. No Employment Right 
 15 
 G. Amendment or Termination of the Plan 
 16 
 H. Assignment 
 16 
 I. Unsecured Obligations 
 16 
 J. Validity 
 16 
 K. Withholding Taxes and Deductions 
 17 
 L. Governing Language 
 17 
 M. Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
 17 
 N. IRS Section 409A for Participants on US-Based Payroll 
 17 
 I X. Appendix A Identified Staff 
 18 
 
 2 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

A. D efinitions 
 18 
 X. Appendix B Country Appendix 
 20 
 A. Canada 
 20 
 B. People s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong) 
 21 
 C. France 
 22 
 D. Germany 
 24 
 E. Hong Kong 
 25 
 F. India 
 26 
 G. India Wells Fargo International Solutions Private Limited 
 26 
 H. Ireland 
 27 
 I. Japan 
 28 
 J. Korea 
 29 
 K. Netherlands 
 30 
 L. The Philippines Wells Fargo International Solutions LLC - Philippines 
 32 
 M. Singapore 
 33 
 N. Sweden 
 33 
 O. Taiwan 
 35 
 P. United Arab Emirates (Dubai) 
 36 
 Q. United Kingdom 
 37 
 R. Vietnam 
 38 

3 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

I. Purpose of the Plan 
 
 The Wells Fargo Bonus Plan (the Plan is a discretionary annual incentive plan focused on employee performance, appropriate risk management, and business outcomes and is aligned with Wells Fargo s Expectations and compensation principles Pay for performance Promote effective risk management Attract and retain talent . 
 
 Awards paid out under the Plan are not included when calculating any benefits and or payments based on salary. Awards are also not a component of salary or other compensation due to the Participant at the end of the Participant s employment with Wells Fargo. An Award under this Plan is not guaranteed, and payment of an Award for one Plan Year does not guarantee the payment of an Award in any subsequent Plan Year. In addition, Awards may be eliminated or reduced at the discretion of Wells Fargo, regardless of Participant eligibility. 
 
 The Country Appendix included in this document addresses regulatory or country-specific requirements. To the extent a Participant works for a Wells Fargo entity in a jurisdiction covered by the Country Appendix, or otherwise is subject to additional remuneration requirements in accordance with applicable local laws and regulations, the provisions described in the Country Appendix, or any supplemental document referred to therein shall govern the application of the applicable Plan provisions to the Participant. For the avoidance of doubt, references to Country Appendix in this Plan include supplemental documents referred to in the Country Appendix. 

II. Definitions 
 
 Term Acronym Definition Applicable Laws and Policies All rules, laws, guidance, regulations and all enterprise and business-specific policies and procedures (including Related Information and documents referenced in the policies), applicable to the Participant as a Wells Fargo employee and or the performance of the Participant s job duties in the Participant s Wells Fargo position. Award Any incentive compensation provided under the Plan. Award Payment Date Calendar date on which Payroll initiates delivery of the Award to a Participant. Cause 
 (Definition applicable only to International Participants.) 
 For purposes of Section VII, B, c, Terminations International Participants, Cause includes, but is not limited to, the termination of the Participant s employment where such termination involved one or more of the following grounds (unless the term Cause is otherwise replaced by a country-specific definition in the Country Appendix) 
 4 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Term Acronym Definition a. the continued failure or refusal of the Participant to perform satisfactorily any duties reasonably required of the Participant, after written notification by the Company, and the failure of the Participant within thirty (30) calendar days of such notification to correct such breach, failure or refusal (other than failure by reason of incapacity due to physical or mental illness) or 
 b. the commission of any fraud, misappropriation, embezzlement or other dishonest act that makes the Participant ineligible for coverage under the Company s fidelity bond or otherwise makes the Participant ineligible for continued employment or 
 c. any act of gross insubordination or willful misconduct or 
 d. reporting to work under the influence of alcohol, narcotics or unlawful controlled substances or 
 e. any violation of the Applicable Laws and Policies, including but not limited to any employment policies and procedures, compliance policies or procedures, the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (or the Code applicable to the Participant s line of business), Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy, Information Security Policy, Risk Management Accountability policies, or local Work Rules, in force from time to time or 
 f. conviction of a felony, or of a misdemeanor or other criminal offence involving a dishonest or fraudulent act, or conduct in violation of law or conduct that would constitute a basis for criminal conviction of a felony, misdemeanor, or other criminal offense that makes the Participant ineligible for coverage under the Company s fidelity bond or otherwise makes the Participant ineligible for continued employment or 
 g. violation of any securities or commodities laws, any rules or regulations pursuant to such laws, or the rules and regulations of any securities or commodities exchange or association of which the Company is a member, or violation of any similar law, regulation, ordinance or licensing requirement applicable to employees of financial institutions or conduct that may reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on the financial interest or business reputation of the Company. 
 The foregoing does not represent a complete list of all acts or omissions that may constitute grounds for a termination for Cause. Cause also includes such other acts or omissions recognized as constituting cause (or its closest equivalent, such as grounds for summary dismissal) in a particular work location under applicable law, or the Participant s employment agreement, or the policies in the work location. The Plan Manager has the sole discretion to determine whether a particular individual s employment has been terminated for Cause for the purposes of Plan administration, and its determination is final and binding upon the Company and that individual. 
 Company or Wells Fargo Wells Fargo & Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates. Corporate Transaction Includes, but is not limited to, a transaction where another company contractually agrees to either acquire all or any portion of the assets, stock, or operations of Wells Fargo and or enters into some other business arrangement with the Company. Country Appendix Identifies where individual country or regional regulations laws require deviation from the terms in this Plan and addresses those differences. 
 5 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Term Acronym Definition Displacement 
 (Applicable only to US Participants) 
 A position elimination, substantial position change or other qualifying event described in the Wells Fargo & Company Severance Plan (the Severance Plan resulting in the termination of the Participant s employment. Earn or Earned An Award will be deemed Earned under the Plan when all of the terms and conditions under the Plan have been satisfied with respect to an Award, including 
 1. the Participant s manager has determined the Participant has met the criteria set forth in Section IV 
 2. the Participant s manager has completed an Award recommendation for the Participant 
 3. aggregate recommendations for the business have been approved by the Operating Committee member and 
 4. the HRC has approved Plan funding and authorized the payment of Awards. 
 In-Year payments to deceased employees do not require the HRC approval of Plan funding prior to payment of the Award. 
 Employer The Wells Fargo entity that employs the Participant. Executive Officer Executive Officers shall be those persons designated officers by the Wells Fargo & Company s Board of Directors for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder Section 16 ). Additionally, any Operating Committee Member who is not designated an officer under Section 16 shall be considered an Executive Officer for purposes of this Plan. Fixed Term Employee A person who is an employee of Wells Fargo & Company or any of its subsidiaries on a temporary contract with a defined contract end date (unless they are in the flexible or intern classification). Employees are generally considered one of the following 1. Full-time with standard hours of 30 or more hours per week (unless in the flexible or intern classification). 2. Part-time with standard hours of at least 17.5 and less than 30 hours per week are classified as part-time (unless in the flexible or intern classification). Standard hours and the number of hours actually worked may vary somewhat for part-time employees in a nonexempt position, depending on business needs. International employee hours per week may be different based on the location. Discuss hours per week with your manager as needed. Good Leaver Event 
 (International Only) 
 
 For the purpose of Section VII, B, c, vi, the following reasons are Good Leaver Events 
 1. An employee who is absent from work due to injury, ill-health, or disability for a period of 182 days (whether or not consecutive) in any period of twelve (12) months. 
 2. A Participant s office or employment, by the virtue of which the participant is eligible for an Award, being transferred to a person or entity that is not an affiliated company of Wells Fargo. 
 3. Redundancy, where Wells Fargo has determined that the Participant s position or role is no longer necessary and shall be discontinued and is expressly dismissed by reason of redundancy . For the avoidance of doubt, the Participant is not redundant if, in the view of Wells Fargo, they have been offered reasonable alternative employment or if their employment is terminated without Cause in circumstances other than the discontinuance of the Participant s position or role. 
 
 6 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Term Acronym Definition HRC The Human Resources Committee of Wells Fargo & Company s Board of Directors. LTCAP The applicable Long-Term Cash Award Plan LTCAP governing the terms of long-term cash awards, as follows 
 1. For US Participants, it is the Wells Fargo & Company Long-Term Cash Award Plan and 
 2. For International Participants, it is the Wells Fargo & Company Long-Term Cash Award Plan for International Employees. 
 LTIP The Wells Fargo & Company Long-Term Incentive Plan which governs equity Awards such as Restricted Share Rights (RSRs). Misconduct Inappropriate, unethical, or unlawful behavior on the part of an employee or individual acting on behalf of the Company. Misconduct Accountability Program (MAP) An employee whose conduct harms customers, other employees, or the Wells Fargo brand may be issued a corrective action that places them in the Misconduct Accountability Program. MAP aligns and strengthens the connection between Wells Fargo s behavioral expectations and compensation principles. 
 The program s objective is to implement a consistent approach for how conduct impacts an employee s performance review and incentive compensation, and helps managers reinforce employee accountability related to conduct. 
 Notice Period For US Participants in certain senior management positions (Senior Executive Vice President, Executive Vice President and an Operating Committee (OC) direct report) (collectively Senior Management and certain positions in Corporate & Investment Banking, Commercial Banking, or other business as identified from time to time, who are subject to notice requirements with the Company, the Notice Period is the time period beginning on the date the Participant communicates their resignation to Wells Fargo management and ending on the last day of the Notice Period applicable to their position. Unless terminated sooner by the Participant or Wells Fargo, the Participant s last day of employment with their Employer is the last day of the Notice Period. 
 For US Participants who receive written notice of a pending Displacement, the Notice Period is the time period beginning on the date the Participant receives written notice of a qualifying event under the Severance Plan and generally ends 60 days later unless the Notice Period is required to be longer by applicable law or extended by the Administrator of the Severance Plan. Unless terminated sooner by the Participant or Wells Fargo, the Participant s last day of employment with their Employer is the last day of the Notice Period. 
 
 For International Participants, the Notice Period is any period between the date either the Participant or Employer serves written notice of resignation or termination on the other and the Participant s last day of employment with their Employer. 
 Operating Committee Member The Chief Executive Officer CEO of the Company and identified senior managers who are direct or indirect reports to the Chief Executive Officer. 
 7 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Term Acronym Definition Participant A Regular Full-Time, Regular Part- Time, or Fixed Term Employee who meets the eligibility and qualifying criteria for participation in this Plan set forth in Section IV. A US Participant refers to an employee on a US-based payroll an International Participant refers to an employee on an International-based payroll. Performance Expectations Provided to employees under the Performance Management Framework, which may include goals, risk management requirements and other components. Performance Period The period of time, within the Plan Year, under which a Participant s performance is evaluated for purposes of an Award recommendation. Plan Manager The head of Human Resources and the head of Total Rewards of the Company, each of whom may act individually or jointly as the Plan Manager. Plan Year The 12-month period beginning each January 1 and ending on the following December 31. Regular Employee A person who is an employee of Wells Fargo & Company or any of its subsidiaries without special terms or conditions of employment. Employees are generally considered one of the following time types 
 1. Full-time with standard hours of 30 or more hours per week (unless in the flexible or intern classification). 
 2. Part-time with standard hours of at least 17.5 and less than 30 hours per week are classified as part-time (unless in the flexible or intern classification). Standard hours and the number of hours actually worked may vary somewhat for part-time employees in a nonexempt position, depending on business needs. 
 International employee hours per week may be different based on the location. Discuss hours per week with your manager as needed. 
 Retirement A Participant is considered retired if the termination is entered in the HR system of record as a retirement. 
 
 III. Funding 
 The HRC determines whether a bonus pool will be funded and Awards will be paid under the Plan. Establishment of the pool is not a guarantee that Awards will be paid to Participants, nor does it guarantee the amount of any Award payable to an individual Participant. 
 
 IV. Plan eligibility and qualification 
 
 Participants who meet all eligibility and qualifying criteria may be considered for an Award under the Plan. Satisfaction of all eligibility and qualifying criteria is not a guarantee of any Award of any amount under the Plan. 

8 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

A. Eligibility 
 
 a. A variety of roles across Wells Fargo are eligible to participate in the Plan. Eligibility is defined by the job. Additionally 
 i. The Participant must be actively working in a Wells Fargo Bonus Plan-eligible job during the Plan Year. 
 ii. The Participant must be classified as Regular Employee or Fixed Term Employee in Wells Fargo s Human Capital Management System. 
 iii. Unless otherwise described in Section VII, the Participant must be employed in an incentive-eligible role as of September 30 of the Plan Year (the eligibility date). 
 
 b. Participants must be employed by their Employer as of the Award Payment Date, in order to be eligible for an Award under the Plan, unless otherwise described in Section VII below. Additionally 
 i. International Participants must not be serving out a Notice Period on the Award Payment Date, unless serving out a Notice Period prior to employment terminating by reason of Retirement (subject to Section VII below) or as otherwise described in Section VII. 
 ii. US Participants in certain Senior Management and other positions subject to notice requirements must not be serving out a Notice Period for voluntary termination except for Retirement to be eligible for consideration of an Award under the Plan 
 
 c. Exceptions to paragraphs a. and b. above may be made for certain Employment Status changes as described in Section VII. 
 B. Award Qualifiers 
 
 If eligible under Section IV. A, the Participant is expected to meet the following Award qualifiers to be considered for an Award under this Plan. If the line of business management identifies that the Participant fails to meet one or more qualifiers, the Participant may receive a reduced Award or no Award. 
 
 a. Risk Management 
 Participants are expected to effectively manage all risk associated with their position as set forth in Wells Fargo s Risk Management Accountability policies in the applicable Employee Handbook or HR Guide. 
 
 b. Policy, Law and Regulatory Compliance 
 Participants are expected to operate in compliance with all Applicable Laws and Policies. 
 
 c. Conduct 
 Participants are expected to adhere to ethical and honest business practices in accordance with Wells Fargo s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. 

Conduct-related disciplinary or corrective action (such as a final notice or formal warning), including but not limited to conduct addressed through the Misconduct Accountability Program (MAP), will be considered in the determination of a Participant s Award and, if warranted, will result in the Award being 
 9 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

reduced or no Award being granted. Other disciplinary or corrective action may also result in a reduced Award, or no Award being granted. Additional performance adjustment and or forfeitures may be made to any deferred Awards from prior year(s). A Participant who violates the spirit of the Plan by engaging in inappropriate behavior to receive an Award under this Plan or increase their opportunity for an Award under this Plan, as determined by the HRC for Executive Officers and by the Plan Manager for all other Participants, becomes immediately ineligible to participate in the Plan 

V. Awards 
 Awards under the Plan are made in the sole and absolute discretion of Wells Fargo, with recommendations from business unit managers and approvals from the Plan Manager or the HRC, as set forth herein. There is no guarantee that an Award of any amount will be awarded to any Participant, regardless of eligibility. 
 
 A. Award Recommendation 
 The Participant s manager is responsible for determining whether the Participant has met the Award qualifiers and other terms of the Plan, prior to providing an Award recommendation. The Award recommendation should be primarily based on the performance of the Participant (including but not limited to risk performance) and in consideration of the performance of the line of business and the Company. 
 B. Deferral of Awards 
 The HRC or Plan Manager shall determine whether an Award is paid in cash or equity or a combination thereof and at what level such Awards shall be subject to deferral whether in cash or equity. Generally, deferred Awards shall be paid in the form of Restricted Share Rights, unless prohibited by Applicable Laws and Policies, or as determined by the Plan Manager, in which case the deferred Awards will be paid in the form of long-term cash. Deferred Awards shall be paid in the form of long-term incentives, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable long-term incentive plan and respective Award agreement. 
 C. Approvals 
 Award recommendations are subject to review and approval through the management hierarchy. Management may modify or deny the initial recommendation. Operating Committee Members must approve the aggregate value of Awards for that business upon the conclusion of the annual review cycle performed by the Participant s line of business. Awards for Executive Officers are reviewed and approved by the HRC. 
 
 Individual Participant Award corrections and any changes resulting from the dispute review process that occur at a later date may be approved solely by the head of Compensation Design & Delivery Incentive Compensation Center of Excellence with the exception of those Participants that are under the governance of the HRC. Awards to Executive Officers are subject to the approval of the HRC. 
 10 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

VI. Award Payment 
 A. Timing 
 a. US Participants 
 Awards for US Participants will be generally paid or provided no later than two and one-half months into the calendar year following the end of the Plan Year. (See Section VI., B. Delivery) 
 
 b. International Participants 
 Awards for International Participants will be paid or provided no later than the monthly or semi-monthly regularly scheduled payroll date for the month of February of the calendar year following the end of the Plan Year, unless otherwise specified in the Country Appendix covering the Participant. (See Section VI., B. Delivery) 
 
 The determination of a Participant s eligibility for, and payment of, an Award may be delayed if there is a formal investigation or review of the Participant s conduct in progress on the Award Payment Date, the outcome of which may be dispositive of whether the Participant has met the Award qualifiers, until such time that a decision that the Participant has met the Award qualifiers and a final review of the Participant s performance is made. 
 B. Delivery 
 Awards may be paid in the form of short-term cash or long-term Awards (cash or equity), or a combination thereof, at the HRC s discretion, at the discretion of the Plan Manager, or as required by Applicable Laws and Policies. Generally, long-term Awards shall be paid as Restricted Share Rights, unless prohibited by Applicable Laws and Policies or if determined by the Plan Manager in their absolute discretion. To the extent all or a portion of an Award is paid in the form of an equity-based Award under the LTIP, the equity-based Award is subject to the approval of and to terms and conditions as approved by the HRC in accordance with the provisions of the LTIP and as reflected in the applicable Award agreement. To the extent all or a portion of an Award is paid in the form of long-term cash, it will be provided under the LTCAP, subject to such terms and conditions of the LTCAP and as reflected in the applicable Award agreement. 
 
 For the International Participants, any cash Awards are determined and paid in local currency unless determined otherwise by the Company in its discretion. The exchange rate conversion to local currency is determined at the complete discretion of Wells Fargo. 

11 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

VII. Employment changes 
 A. Leaves of absence 
 If a Participant is on an approved leave of absence Leave during the Plan Year and does not terminate their employment prior to the Award Payment Date, they may be considered for an Award (subject to meeting the Plan s eligibility and qualifying criteria, and other terms of the Plan). 
 
 When determining an Award for a Participant who is or was on Leave during the Plan Year, the manager should take into consideration the Participant s achievements and contributions toward Performance Expectations over the Performance Period. 
 
 B. Changes in employment status 
 a. Transfers 
 The following applies for Participants who work in more than one Plan-eligible job during the Plan Year or for part of the Plan Year because they have either transferred to the eligible job or they have transferred to another job that is not eligible (collectively referred to as Transfers ). 
 i. Transfers between Plan-eligible jobs 
 1. The Participant must meet the eligibility criteria set forth in Section IV 
 ii. Transfers between a Plan-eligible job and a non-Plan-eligible job (both non-bonus-eligible jobs and jobs that are eligible for other incentive plans) 
 1. The Participant must meet the eligibility criteria set forth in Section IV 
 b. Terminations US Participants 
 Participants must be employed on the Award Payment Date to be eligible for an Award unless otherwise noted below, subject to the Plan s other terms and conditions, including criteria set forth in Section IV. 
 i. Retirement 
 Participants who retire prior to the Award Payment Date are not eligible for an Award. A Senior Management Participant or other Participant subject to notice requirements who is retiring and serving out a Notice Period on the Award Payment Date may be eligible for an Award, subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 
 ii. Displacements 
 A Participant who received notice of Displacement and is serving out a Notice Period on the September 30 eligibility date set forth in Section IV , or the Award Payment Date may be considered for an Award, subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 
 iii. Corporate Transactions 
 12 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

In the event of an involuntary termination due to a Corporate Transaction prior to the Award Payment Date or the September 30 eligibility date set forth in Section IV, a Participant may be considered for an Award subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan and with any arrangements with a buyer involved in the Corporate Transaction. 
 
 iv. Death 
 In the event of a Participant s death, prior to the Award Payment Date or the September 30 eligibility date set forth in Section IV, the Participant may be considered for an Award, subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan 
 v. Fixed Term Employment 
 A Participant employed under a Fixed Term Employment assignment (for example a Participant of the Workforce Share program) may be considered for an Award subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan and in accordance with Applicable Laws and Policies, procedures, and year-end guidance. 

c. Terminations International Participants 
 Participants must be employed on the Award Payment Date to be eligible for an Award unless otherwise noted below, or in the Country Appendix, subject to the Plan s other terms and conditions, including criteria set forth in Section IV. If a Participant is serving out a Notice Period (whether given by Wells Fargo or the Participant) for any reason whatsoever, on the Award Payment Date or September 30 of the Plan Year, the Participant shall not be eligible to be considered for an Award unless specified below or in a Country Appendix. A Participant whose employment ends due to Cause, or where one of the reasons for the end of employment falls within the definition of Cause, shall not qualify for an Award. 
 
 i. Retirement 
 A Participant whose employment terminates due to retirement prior to the Award Payment Date is not eligible for an Award. A Participant who is serving out a Notice Period on the Award Payment Date prior to their employment terminating by reason of Retirement may still be considered eligible for an Award, subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan. Such Participants must be employed on both September 30 of the Plan Year and the Award Payment Date to be considered for an Award that Plan Year. 
 
 ii. Required to retire 
 In the event a Participant has been required to retire, as identified in the Country Appendix, prior to the Award Payment Date, subject to the relevant provisions as set forth in the applicable Employee Handbook, they may be considered for an Award. In the event a Participant ceases to be employed by their Employer on this ground prior to September 30 of the Plan Year, they may still be considered for an Award. 
 
 iii. Corporate Transaction 
 
 In the event of an involuntary termination due to a Corporate Transaction prior to the Award Payment Date or the September 30 eligibility date set forth in Section IV, a Participant may be considered for an Award subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan and with any arrangements with a buyer involved in the Corporate Transaction. 
 
 iv. Death 
 13 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

In the event of a Participant s death, prior to the Award Payment Date or the September 30 eligibility date set forth in Section IV, the Participant may be considered for an Award, subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 
 v. Fixed Term Employment 
 Refer to Country Appendix 
 
 vi. Good Leaver 
 If the reason for the Participant s cessation of employment is a Good Leaver Event (as defined in Section II, with the exception of Redundancy), then despite the Participant not being employed on September 30th or the Award Payment Date, the Participant may be considered for an Award, subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan. In order to be considered for an Award, other eligibility requirements as set forth in Section IV must be met. 
 
 A Participant may be asked to furnish evidence to support a finding that there is a Good Leaver Event in respect of the Participant. 
 
 In addition to the Award qualifiers identified in Section IV , a Participant will also be required (as a condition of Good Leaver Event treatment) to sign a release of all claims on terms acceptable to their Employer following termination of employment in order to be eligible for any Award under the Plan following the effective date of termination. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, this provision on Good Leaver Events does not give rise to any contractual right to receive an Award. 

VIII. Plan administration 
 A. Plan Manager 
 The Plan Manager has full discretionary authority to administer and interpret the Plan and may, at any time, delegate to personnel of Wells Fargo such responsibilities as it considers appropriate to facilitate the day-to-day administration of the Plan. Such delegation(s) will be documented in writing. Except with respect to Executive Officers, the Plan Manager s authority includes approving, denying or adjusting a Participant s Award amount or Award recommendation and approving special discretionary payments for Participants who do not meet eligibility criteria in Section IV and Section VII. The Plan Manager will consult with such control function partners as appropriate prior to taking any action impacting a Plan Participant. 
 
 The HRC has the authority to make any and all decisions with respect to Awards under the Plan (including special discretionary payments) to Executive. 
 
 Plan commitments or interpretations (oral or written) by anyone other than the Plan Manager, the HRC, or a delegate appointed by either the Plan Manager or HRC, are invalid and will have no force or effect upon the policies and procedures set forth in this Plan . 
 
 In the event of any conflict between the Plan and oral or written communications, summaries, or overviews of, the Plan, the specific terms of this Plan or any official amendments to this Plan will control. 
 14 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

B. Payments subject to Applicable Laws and Policies 
 
 The determination and payment of any Award under the Plan is subject to the conditions and restrictions imposed under Applicable Laws and Policies. A Participant s rights to or receipt of compensation under the Plan may be limited, modified, delayed, cancelled or recovered to ensure compliance with all such Applicable Laws and Policies and any supplemental guidance that may be issued from time to time. 
 C. Inquiries 
 
 If a Participant would like to submit an inquiry regarding their Award under the Plan, the Participant should attempt to resolve with the manager of their business unit. If this is not successful, send a request to Compensation Delivery at compensationdelivery wellsfargo.com. The request for review should include any facts supporting the Participant s requests as well as any issues or comments the Participant deems pertinent. The Compensation Delivery team will respond to the inquiry. 
 D. Overpayments 
 
 In the event a Participant is overpaid an Award, the amount not Earned may be recouped by Wells Fargo, subject to Applicable Laws and Policies. In the case of termination of employment, the Participant is expected to promptly repay Wells Fargo the portion of the Award amount that was paid but not Earned. 
 E. Performance Conditions and Clawbacks 
 
 Awards granted under this Plan may be subject to performance conditions, and other requirements, as reflected in any applicable reduction, recoupment, cancellation, malus or clawback policies, practices or provisions, or such other agreements, plans, policies or provisions, of the Company, as in effect from time to time, and any applicable reduction, recoupment, cancellation, malus or clawback requirements imposed under Applicable Laws and Policies, including but not limited to the Clawback and Forfeiture Policy. 
 F. No Employment Right 
 Neither the action of Wells Fargo in establishing or maintaining the Plan, nor any provision of the Plan itself, shall be construed so as to grant any person contractual rights with respect to their employment or continued employment (or if applicable, additional contractual rights). 

a. US Participants 
 The Plan is not an employment contract and participation in the Plan does not alter a Participant s at-will employment relationship with their Employer. Both the Participant and their Employer are free to 
 15 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

terminate the Participant s employment relationship at any time for any reason. No rights in the Plan may be claimed by any person whether or not they are selected to participate in the Plan. 

b. International Participants 
 Despite participation in the Plan, a Participant s employment relationship with their Employer may be terminated at any time in accordance with the Participant s employment contract or Applicable Laws and Policies. The Plan does not form part of a Participant s contract of employment, unless otherwise required by Applicable Laws and Policies. 
 
 No person shall acquire any right to an accounting audit or to examine the books or the affairs of Wells Fargo. 
 G. Amendment or Termination of the Plan 
 The Board of Directors of Wells Fargo & Company or the HRC may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan or any Award or Award recommendation at any time, for any reason. The Plan Manager may amend the Plan to the extent consistent with its authority to administer the Plan under Section VIII, A, including to revise any information in the Country Appendix to comply with the laws governing the jurisdiction under which a Participant subject to such Appendix is located. The Plan Manager will consult with such control function partners as appropriate in connection with any such amendment. 
 H. Assignment 
 No Participant has any right or power to pledge or assign any rights, privileges, or Awards provided for under the Plan unless the Plan provides that Awards may be allocated to certain eligible recipients. 
 I. Unsecured Obligations 
 Awards under the Plan are unsecured obligations of the Company. 
 J. Validity 
 In case any provision of this Plan is held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity of that provision will not affect the remaining parts of the Plan. Instead, this Plan will be construed and enforced as if such illegal or invalid provision had never been inserted herein. 
 K. Withholding Taxes and Deductions 
 Wells Fargo shall deduct from all payments under the Plan an amount necessary to satisfy the relevant statutory deductions for income tax, pension and social insurance and or other applicable statutory pension and or special labor insurance contribution deductions required to be taken under the law of the 
 16 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

jurisdiction governing the Participant provided however, the Participant is responsible for appropriate reporting and remittance of taxes and other statutory contributions in relation to Award payments under this Plan where required in their locations. 
 L. Governing Language 
 To the extent that this Plan or any other document related to this Plan is made available in local language and English versions for any jurisdiction, should there be any difference in interpretation, the English version will prevail and the relevant local language version shall be deemed to be automatically amended to conform with, and to make the relevant local language version consistent with, the English version. 
 M. Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
 The Plan shall be construed, administered and governed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction governing the Participant. If any provision of this Plan shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of the Plan shall continue in full force and effect. 
 N. IRS Section 409A for Participants on US-Based Payroll 
 To the extent that an Award is paid in cash under the Plan no later than two and one-half months following the end of the Plan Year, Wells Fargo intends such Award to qualify as a short-term deferral exempt from the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. If, however, it is administratively impracticable to pay an Award within two and one-half months following the end of the Plan Year (generally March 15th) or a payment is delayed due to an unforeseeable event or investigation, payment will be made as soon as administratively possible but in no event later than the end of such calendar year. In the event an Award payable under the Plan does not qualify for treatment as an exempt short-term deferral, such amount will be paid in a manner that will satisfy the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A and applicable guidance thereunder. 

17 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

IX. Appendix A Identified Staff 
 
 CRD Identified Staff and IFD IFR IFPR Identified Staff 
 
 This Appendix A (which is also a Country Appendix for the purposes of the Plan) applies to all applicable Participants regardless of the country in which they are employed by an Employer. 
 
 If a Participant is CRD Identified Staff or IFD IFR IFPR Identified Staff, the Participant s eligibility for an Award will be governed by, and subject to, the terms and conditions of the Plan, and any other conditions and restrictions imposed under any applicable law, rules and regulations. The form of any Award under the Plan and payout terms and conditions will be governed by the Identified Staff Incentive Payout Structure, a document that supplements the Plan and only applies to Awards granted to CRD Identified Staff and IFD IFR IFPR Identified Staff Participants. 
 
 A. Definitions 
 
 For purposes of this Appendix A, the following definitions shall apply 
 a. CRD means Directive 2013 36 EU of the European Parliament and the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms as amended by Directive (EU) 2019 878 of the European Parliament and the Council of 20 May 2019, and all associated directives, regulations and implementing legislation, rules or guidance, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time. 
 
 b. IFR means Regulation 2019 2033 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 November 2019 on the prudential requirements of investment firms and IFD means Directive 2019 2034 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 November 2019 on the prudential supervision of investment firms and all associated directives, regulations and implementing legislation, rules or guidance, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time, including the Investment Firms Prudential Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK (IFPR). 
 
 c. CRD Identified Staff means all Code Staff and any other Participants who have been classified as Identified Staff for the purposes of CRD. 
 
 d. IFD IFR IFPR Identified Staff means all Participants who have been classified as Identified Staff for the purposes of IFD IFR IFPR. 
 
 18 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

e. Code Staff means a Participant who has been classified as Code Staff for the purposes of the Financial Conduct Authority dual-regulated firms remuneration code, the Financial Conduct Authority IFPRU remuneration code and or the Prudential Regulation Authority remuneration rules as applicable, each as amended from time to time or any other code or rules issued by a UK regulator. 
 
 19 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

XI. Appendix B Country Appendix 
 A. Canada 
 Not withstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Canada. 
 
 Section VII, B, c, vi 
 
 The following shall be added to sub-item (vi) 
 
 Subject to appliable employment or labour standards legislation, a Participant whose employment is terminated without Cause in circumstances in which the termination does not qualify as a Good Leaver Event will not be entitled to an Award or payment in lieu thereof. 
 
 Other than expressly required by applicable employment or labour standards legislation, there shall be no Award or payment in lieu thereof paid to a Participant in respect of or attributable to any period of common law or civil law reasonable notice, or any period of contractual termination or payment in lieu thereof, to which a Participant might be entitled, whether in a Good Leaver Event termination or otherwise in subsection (c). 
 
 Section VIII, L . 
 
 The paragraph shall be deleted and replaced with the following 
 
 To the extent that this Plan or any other document related to this Plan is made available in French and English versions for the Province of Quebec, should there be any difference in interpretation, the French version will prevail. 
 
 For Participants in the Province of Quebec, Canada Pour les Participants de la Province de Qu bec, Canada 
 
 The Participant acknowledges that they have an option of requesting this document in French but has freely chosen to receive it in its English version. Le(la) Participant(e) reconnait qu il(elle) a eu le choix de demander ce document, et tout document y aff rent, en fran ais, mais qu il(elle) a librement choisi de les recevoir en leur version Anglaise. 
 20 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

B. People s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong) 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are located in the People s Republic of China. 
 
 Section VII, B, c. 
 
 The definition of Cause (as identified in Section II above) is replaced in its entirety as follows 
 
 Cause means the termination of the Participant s employment in circumstances involving one or more of the following 
 
 a. The continued failure or refusal of the Participant to perform satisfactorily any duties reasonably required of the Participant, after written notification by the Company or an affiliated company, and the failure of the employee within thirty (30) calendar days of such notification to correct such breach, failure or refusal (other than failure by reason of incapacity due to physical or mental illness) or 
 b. The commission of any fraud, misappropriation, embezzlement or other dishonest act that makes the Participant ineligible for coverage under the Company s fidelity bond or otherwise makes the Participant ineligible for continued employment or 
 c. Any act of gross insubordination or willful misconduct or 
 d. Reporting to work under the influence of alcohol, narcotics or unlawful controlled substances, any violation of the Company s employment policies or procedures including but not limited to the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, Information Security Policy or Compliance Program Policy and Risk Management Accountability Policy or 
 e. Conviction of a criminal offense, including but not limited to an offense involving a dishonest or fraudulent act, or conduct in violation of law or conduct that would constitute a basis for criminal conviction that makes the Participant ineligible for coverage under the Company s fidelity bond or otherwise makes the employee ineligible for continued employment or 
 f. Violation of any securities or commodities laws, any rules or regulations pursuant to such laws, or the rules and regulations of any securities or commodities exchange or association of which the Company is a member, or violation of any similar law, regulation, ordinance or licensing requirement applicable to employees of financial institutions or conduct that may reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on the on the financial interest or business reputation of the Company or an affiliated company or 
 g. Serious violation of Company rules or corporate policies or 
 21 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

h. Any other statutory reasons for a summary dismissal under applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 The foregoing does not represent a complete list of all acts or omissions that may constitute grounds for a termination for Cause. The Plan Manager will have the sole discretion to determine whether a particular individual s employment has been terminated for Cause, and its determination will be final and binding upon the Company and that individual. 

Section II 

Definition of Good Leaver Event sub-item (1) is replaced in its entirety as follows 
 
 1. Injury, ill-health or disability causing the Participant to be unable to return to work after the Participant s medical treatment period has already expired. 

Section VII, B, c, iI 

Required to retire clause is applicable in People s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong) 
 C. France 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in France. 
 
 Section VII, B, c, v. 
 
 The following paragraph shall be added to this section of the Plan 
 v. Fixed Term Employment The definition of Good Leaver Event (as defined in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsection 
 
 4. Where the Participant was employed under a fixed-term contract, the expiry of the fixed-term, save if, in the view of Wells Fargo, they have been offered reasonable alternative employment or if their employment is terminated without Cause in circumstances other than the expiry of the fixed-term. 

22 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Section VII, B, c. 
 
 In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as referred to in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 
 
 h. any act of gross misconduct, gross negligence, a material failure of risk management by the Participant or the business unit in which the Participant manages or performs services, or is in material breach of one of the terms of the Participant s employment, including, but not limited to, engaging in prohibited conduct which is listed as grounds for summary dismissal 
 
 i. any material breach of the Company s policies, including the Personal Account Dealing Policy from time to time in force 
 
 j. infringement of any rules or regulations imposed by any regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties 
 
 k. any failure to possess any qualification or meet any condition or requirement laid down by any applicable regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties by legislation including, but not limited to, a financial regulator or fidelity bond requirements or a failure to pass such regulatory exams as prescribed by the Company from time to time 
 
 l. the Participant acted in a way which in the reasonable view of the Company s management, may bring the Company into disrepute, whether or not such act is directly related to the affairs of the Company 
 
 m. the Participant becomes bankrupt or makes any composition or enters into any deed of arrangement with the Participant s creditors 
 
 n. the Participant engaged in any way whatsoever in Regulated Activities (being services of a financial or investment nature including but not limited to performing controlled functions) when the Participant is not registered as an approved person by any relevant regulator to do so, or the Participant failed to complete, if necessary, the fit and proper questionnaire for any relevant regulator 
 
 o. the Participant otherwise adversely affected the Company s continued authorization to engage in Regulated Activities and or the Participant s, if applicable, continued registration as an approved person or 
 
 p. any act or omission which would, whether under the Participant s contract of employment or applicable local law, entitle the Participant s employing entity to terminate the employment of the Participant summarily. 

Section VIII, L 

23 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

The following shall be added 

Participants who are located in France acknowledge the following in writing 

You further acknowledge that it is your express wish that the Plan, as well as all documents, notices or summaries relating to the Plan be drawn up in English. 

Vous reconnaissez galement que le R gime, ainsi que tous les documents, avis ou r sum s s'y rapportant ont t r dig s en langue anglaise votre demande expresse. 
 
 D. Germany 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Germany. 

Section VII, B, c, v. 

The following paragraph shall be added to this section of the Plan 
 v. Fixed Term Employment The definition of Good Leaver Event (as defined in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsection 
 4. Where the Participant was employed under a fixed-term contract, the expiry of the fixed-term, save if, in the view of Wells Fargo, they have been offered reasonable alternative employment or if their employment is terminated without Cause in circumstances other than the expiry of the fixed-term. 
 
 Section VII, B, c. 
 
 In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as referred to in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

h. any act of gross misconduct, gross negligence, a material failure of risk management by the Participant or the business unit in which the Participant manages or performs services, or is in material 

24 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

breach of one of the terms of the Participant s employment, including, but not limited to, engaging in prohibited conduct which is listed as grounds for summary dismissal 

i. any material breach of the Company s policies, including the Personal Account Dealing Policy, from time to time in force 
 j. infringement of any rules or regulations imposed by any regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties 
 k. any failure to possess any qualification or meet any condition or requirement laid down by any applicable regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties by legislation including, but not limited to, a financial regulator or fidelity bond requirements or failure to pass such regulatory exams as prescribed by the Company from time to time 
 l. the Participant acted in a way which in the reasonable view of the Company s management, may bring the Company into disrepute, whether or not such act is directly related to the affairs of the Company 
 m. the Participant becomes bankrupt or makes any composition or enters into any deed of arrangement with the Participant s creditors 
 n. the Participant engaged in any way whatsoever in Regulated Activities (being services of a financial or investment nature including but not limited to performing controlled functions) when the Participant is not registered as an approved person by any relevant regulator to do so, or the Participant failed to complete, if necessary, the fit and proper questionnaire for any relevant regulator or the Participant otherwise adversely affected the Company s continued authorization to engage in Regulated Activities and or the Participant s, if applicable, continued registration as an approved person 
 o. any act or omission which would, whether under the Participant s contract of employment or applicable local law, entitle the Participant s employing entity to terminate the employment of the Participant summarily. 
 E. Hong Kong 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employed in Hong Kong 

Section VII, B, c, ii. 

25 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Required to retire clause is applicable in Hong Kong. 
 
 F. India 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following statement shall apply in interpreting the provisions of the Plan for any Participant employed by an Employer in India 

Any reference to bonus or incentive or Award in the Plan shall be read and construed as meaning an incentive payment that a Participant may be eligible to receive subject to the terms of the Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, a reference to bonus or incentive or Award in the Plan is not indicative of any entitlement or potential entitlement to a profit-based bonus under the Payment of Bonus Act 1965, as may be amended from time to time, or any other applicable laws or regulations. 

Section VII, B, c, ii. 

Required to retire clause is applicable in India. 
 G. India Wells Fargo International Solutions Private Limited 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by Wells Fargo International Solutions Private Limited. 

Section V, C 

This section is amended as follows 

The Wells Fargo India Board, Wells Fargo India Managing Director, and the head of Finance Shared Services Group must approve the aggregate value of Awards for Wells Fargo International Solutions Private Limited. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Awards to Executive Officers are subject to the approval of the HRC. 

Section VII, B, c, ii. 

Required to retire clause is applicable in India. 
 26 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

H. Ireland 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Ireland. 

Section VII, B, c, v. 

The following paragraph shall be added to this section of the Plan 
 v. Fixed Term Employment The definition of Good Leaver Event (as defined in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsection 
 4. Where the Participant was employed under a fixed-term contract, the expiry of the fixed-term, save if, in the view of Wells Fargo, they have been offered reasonable alternative employment or if their employment is terminated without Cause in circumstances other than the expiry of the fixed-term. 

Section VII, B, c. 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as referred to in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

h. any act of gross misconduct, gross negligence, a material failure of risk management by the Participant or the business unit in which the Participant manages or performs services, or is in material breach of one of the terms of the Participant s employment, including, but not limited to, engaging in prohibited conduct which is listed as grounds for summary dismissal 
 
 i. any material breach of the Company s policies, including the Personal Account Dealing Policy from time to time in force 
 j. infringement of any rules or regulations imposed by any regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties 
 k. any failure to possess any qualification or meet any condition or requirement laid down by any applicable regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties by legislation including, but not limited to, a financial regulator or fidelity bond requirements or a failure to pass such regulatory exams as prescribed by the Company from time to time 
 27 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

l. the Participant acted in a way which in the reasonable view of the Company s management, may bring the Company into disrepute, whether or not such act is directly related to the affairs of the Company 
 m. the Participant becomes bankrupt or makes any composition or enters into any deed of arrangement with the Participant s creditors 
 n. the Participant engaged in any way whatsoever in Regulated Activities (being services of a financial or investment nature including but not limited to performing controlled functions) when the Participant is not registered as an approved person by any relevant regulator to do so, or the Participant failed to complete, if necessary, the fit and proper questionnaire for any relevant regulator 
 o. or the Participant otherwise adversely affected the Company s continued authorization to engage in Regulated Activities and or the Participant s, if applicable, continued registration as an approved person 
 
 p. any act or omission which would, whether under the Participant s contract of employment or applicable local law, entitle the Participant s employing entity to terminate the employment of the Participant summarily. 
 I. Japan 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Japan. 

Section V, B, c. 

In this Section, the applicable definition of Cause (as defined in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

h. The Participant neglects or fails (otherwise than by reason of accident or ill health), or refuses to carry out the lawful instructions of the Company, within the scope of the duties required of the Participant or 
 i. The Participant commits any acts of discrimination or harassment or 
 j. The Participant is absent from work without justifiable excuse for a continuous period of fifteen calendar days or more or 
 k. The Participant is found to have falsified, omitted or provided inaccurate information to the Company or its vendors during the background check process or 
 28 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

l. The Participant is declared bankrupt, becomes insolvent or enters into an arrangement with creditors or 
 m. There are any other grounds considered reasonable under the Labor Standards Act. 

Capitalized terms (other than Participant are defined in the Participant s employment agreement. 

Section VII, B, c, ii. 

Required to retire clause is applicable in Japan. 
 
 J. Korea 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Korea. 

Section VII, B, c. 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as defined in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

h. There is a decision on dismissal by the Disciplinary Action Committee for intentional or serious mistakes made on a critical job 
 i. The Participant obtains employment by misrepresenting any important fact in the documents submitted or information given to the Company such as name, age, education and employment history, etc. or while Participant misrepresents their position within the Company 
 j. the Participant misuses their title or job to pursue their own interest 
 k. the Participant is absent without permission and or proper communication with the Company for a continuous period of three (3) days or for a total of six (6) days in any one calendar year period 
 l. the Participant misuses the funds, machinery, instruments, facilities or any other property of the Company in order to pursue his or her own interest 
 m. the Participant engages in other business without approval from the Company 
 29 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

n. the Participant possesses, transfers, purchases, sells or uses any controlled substances without obtaining a valid written medical or pharmaceutical prescription 
 o. the Participant possesses or uses firearms or other potentially lethal weapons 
 p. the Participant engages in any illegal labor dispute activity or other illegal collective action 
 q. the Participant alters or falsifies Company documents 
 r. the Participant, intentionally or by gross negligence, causes substantial damage to the Company 
 s. the Participant deliberately obstructs Wells Fargo s normal business 
 t. the Participant holds a meeting, posts or distributes written materials, or conducts any other similar activities within Wells Fargo premises in breach of the Company s applicable policies and or without the Company s advance permission 
 u. the Participant carries out political activities in the workplace or other facilities of Wells Fargo 
 v. for any other ground permitted under the Labor Standards Act. 
 
 Section VII, B, c, ii. 

Required to retire clause is applicable in Korea. 

K. Netherlands 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in the Netherlands. 

Section VII, B, c, v. 

The following paragraph shall be added to this section of the Plan 
 v. Fixed Term Employment The definition of Good Leaver Event (as defined in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsection 
 
 30 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

4. Where the Participant was employed under a fixed-term contract, the expiry of the fixed-term, save if, in the view of Wells Fargo, they have been offered reasonable alternative employment or if their employment is terminated without Cause in circumstances other than the expiry of the fixed-term. 
 
 Section VII, B, c. 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as referred to in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

h. any act of gross misconduct, gross negligence, a material failure of risk management by the Participant or the business unit in which the Participant manages or performs services, or is in material breach of one of the terms of the Participant s employment, including, but not limited to, engaging in prohibited conduct which is listed as grounds for summary dismissal 
 
 i. any material breach of the Company s policies, including the Personal Account Dealing Policy from time to time in force 
 j. infringement of any rules or regulations imposed by any regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties 
 k. any failure to possess any qualification or meet any condition or requirement laid down by any applicable regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties by legislation including, but not limited to, a financial regulator or fidelity bond requirements or a failure to pass such regulatory exams as prescribed by the Company from time to time 
 l. the Participant acted in a way which in the reasonable view of the Company s management, may bring the Company into disrepute, whether or not such act is directly related to the affairs of the Company 
 m. the Participant becomes bankrupt or makes any composition or enters into any deed of arrangement with the Participant s creditors 
 n. the Participant engaged in any way whatsoever in Regulated Activities (being services of a financial or investment nature including but not limited to performing controlled functions) when the Participant is not registered as an approved person by any relevant regulator to do so, or the Participant failed to complete, if necessary, the fit and proper questionnaire for any relevant regulator 
 o. the Participant otherwise adversely affected the Company s continued authorization to engage in Regulated Activities and or the Participant s, if applicable, continued registration as an approved person or 
 
 31 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

p. any act or omission which would, whether under the Participant s contract of employment or applicable local law, entitle the Participant s employing entity to terminate the employment of the Participant summarily. 
 L. The Philippines Wells Fargo International Solutions LLC - Philippines 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by Wells Fargo International Solutions, LLC-Philippines. 
 
 Section V, C. 

This section is amended as follows 

The Wells Fargo Philippines Board, Managing Director, and the Head of Finance Shared Services Group must approve the aggregate value of Awards for Wells Fargo Philippines. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Awards to Executive Officers are subject to the approval of the HRC. 

Section VII, B, c. 
 
 a. Authorized Causes as defined under the Labor Code of the Philippines, such as, 
 i. Installation of labor saving devices 
 ii. Closure of establishment 
 iii. Reduction of personnel due to 
 1. Redundancy or 
 2. Retrenchment to prevent losses and 
 iv. Termination due to disease. 

Section VII, B, c, ii. 

Required to retire clause is applicable in the Philippines. 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as referred to in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

Cause refers to Just Cause and shall include, but not be limited to, the termination of the Participant s employment due to 

32 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

a. The Participant commits any act of discrimination or harassment or 
 b. The Participant engages in any civil wrong or conduct of a criminal nature (including but not limited to assault, theft and fraud) or any other conduct which in the reasonable opinion of the Company may seriously impact on the Participant's ability to perform the duties of the position or is likely to significantly damage the reputation or business of the Company or 
 c. Any other ground considered just cause under the Labor Code or other applicable law. 
 M. Singapore 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Singapore 

Section VII, B, c, ii. 

Required to retire clause is applicable in Singapore. 
 
 N. Sweden 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Sweden. 

Section VII, B, c, v. 

The following paragraph shall be added to this section of the Plan 
 v. Fixed Term Employment The definition of Good Leaver Event (as defined in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsection 
 4. Where the Participant was employed under a fixed-term contract, the expiry of the fixed-term, save if, in the view of Wells Fargo, they have been offered reasonable alternative employment or if their employment is terminated without Cause in circumstances other than the expiry of the fixed-term. 

33 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Section VII, B, c. 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as referred to in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

h. any act of gross misconduct, gross negligence, a material failure of risk management by the Participant or the business unit in which the Participant manages or performs services, or is in material breach of one of the terms of the Participant s employment, including, but not limited to, engaging in prohibited conduct which is listed as grounds for summary dismissal 
 
 i. any material breach of the Company s policies, including the Personal Account Dealing Policy, from time to time in force 
 j. infringement of any rules or regulations imposed by any regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties 
 k. any failure to possess any qualification or meet any condition or requirement laid down by any applicable regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties by legislation including, but not limited to, a financial regulator or fidelity bond requirements or a failure to pass such regulatory exams as prescribed by the Company from time to time 
 l. the Participant acted in a way which in the reasonable view of the Company s management, may bring the Company into disrepute, whether or not such act is directly related to the affairs of the Company 
 m. the Participant becomes bankrupt or makes any composition or enters into any deed of arrangement with the Participant s creditors 
 n. the Participant engaged in any way whatsoever in Regulated Activities (being services of a financial or investment nature including but not limited to performing controlled functions) when the Participant is not registered as an approved person by any relevant regulator to do so, or the Participant failed to complete, if necessary, the fit and proper questionnaire for any relevant regulator 
 o. the Participant otherwise adversely affected the Company s continued authorization to engage in Regulated Activities and or the Participant s, if applicable, continued registration as an approved person or 
 
 p. any act or omission which would, whether under the Participant s contract of employment or applicable local law, entitle the Participant s employing entity to terminate the employment of the Participant summarily. 
 34 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

O. Taiwan 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Taiwan. 

Section VII, B, c. 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as referred to in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

h. misrepresents any fact at the time of signing a labor contract in a manner which might mislead the Company and thus caused the Company to sustain damage therefrom 
 i. commits a violent act against or grossly insults the Company or agent of the Company, or a fellow worker 
 j. has been sentenced to temporary imprisonment in a final and conclusive judgment, and is not granted a suspended sentence or permitted to commute the sentence to payment of a fine. 
 k. is, without good cause, absent from work for three consecutive days, or for a total six days in any month 
 l. commits an act or omission for which, in the Company s opinion, the Participant s employment can be terminated without notice or payment in lieu in accordance with the Labor Standards Act of Taiwan. 
 
 Section VII, B, c, vi. 

The definition of Good Leaver Event referenced in Section II replaces subitem 3 in its entirety with the following 

3. Layoff (i.e., where the Participant's employment was terminated due to one of the following situations 
 
 A. The Company's businesses are suspended, or have been transferred 
 B. The Company's businesses suffer an operating loss, or business contractions 
 C. Where force majeure necessitates the suspension of business for more than one month and or 
 35 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

D. Where the change of the nature of business necessitates the reduction of workforce and the Participant cannot be reassigned to other suitable positions.) 
 
 Section VII, B, c, ii. 

Required to retire clause is applicable in Taiwan. 
 
 P. United Arab Emirates (Dubai) 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in the United Arab Emirates. 

Section VII, B, c. 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as referred to in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

h. is guilty of gross misconduct, gross negligence, a material failure of risk management by the Participant or the business unit in which the Participant manages or performs services, or is in material breach of one of the terms of the Participant s employment, including, but not limited to, engaging in prohibited conduct which is listed as grounds for summary dismissal 
 i. is guilty of any material breach of the Company s Personal Account Dealing Policy, its Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, its Risk Management Accountability Policy, its Anti-Corruption Policy or its Information Security Policy from time to time in force 
 j. infringes any rules or regulations imposed by any regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties 
 k. fails, due to fault and or neglect on the Participant s part, to possess any qualification or meet any condition or requirement laid down by any applicable regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties by legislation including, but not limited to, a financial regulator or fidelity bond requirements or fails due to fault and or neglect on the Participant s part to pass such regulatory exams as prescribed by the Company from time to time 
 l. acts in a way which in the reasonable view of the Company s management, may bring the Company into disrepute, whether or not such act is directly related to the affairs of the Company 
 36 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

m. becomes bankrupt or makes any composition or enters into any deed of arrangement with the Participant s creditors 
 n. engages in any way whatsoever in Regulated Activities (being services of a financial or investment nature including but not limited to performing controlled functions) when the Participant is not registered as an approved person by the relevant regulator to do so, or the Participant fails to complete, if necessary, the fit and proper questionnaire for the relevant regulator or the Participant otherwise adversely affects the Company s continued authorization to engage in Regulated Activities and or the Participant s, if applicable, continued registration as an approved person or 
 o. is guilty of any act or omission which would, whether under the Participant s contract of employment or applicable local law, entitle the Participant s employing entity to terminate the employment of the Participant summarily. 
 Q. United Kingdom 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in the United Kingdom. 

Section VII, B, c, v. 

The following paragraph shall be added to this section of the Plan 
 v. Fixed Term Employment The definition of Good Leaver Event (as defined in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsection 
 4. Where the Participant was employed under a fixed-term contract, the expiry of the fixed-term, save if, in the view of Wells Fargo, they have been offered reasonable alternative employment or if their employment is terminated without Cause in circumstances other than the expiry of the fixed-term. 
 
 Section VII, B, c. 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as referred to in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

37 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

h. any act of gross misconduct, gross negligence, a material failure of risk management by the Participant or the business unit in which the Participant manages or performs services, or is in material breach of one of the terms of the Participant s employment, including, but not limited to, engaging in prohibited conduct which is listed as grounds for summary dismissal 
 i. any material breach of the Company s policies, including the Personal Account Dealing Policy from time to time in force 
 j. infringement of any rules or regulations imposed by any regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties 
 k. any failure to possess any qualification or meet any condition or requirement laid down by any applicable regulatory or other external authority or professional body applicable to the Participant s employment or which regulate the performance of the Participant s duties by legislation including, but not limited to, a financial regulator or fidelity bond requirements or a failure to pass such regulatory exams as prescribed by the Company from time to time 
 l. the Participant acted in a way which in the reasonable view of the Company s management, may bring the Company into disrepute, whether or not such act is directly related to the affairs of the Company 
 m. the Participant becomes bankrupt or makes any composition or enters into any deed of arrangement with the Participant s creditors 
 n. the Participant engaged in any way whatsoever in Regulated Activities (being services of a financial or investment nature including but not limited to performing controlled functions) when the Participant is not registered as an approved person by any relevant regulator to do so, or the Participant failed to complete, if necessary, the fit and proper questionnaire for any relevant regulator 
 o. the Participant otherwise adversely affected the Company s continued authorization to engage in Regulated Activities and or the Participant s, if applicable, continued registration as an approved person or 
 p. any act or omission which would, whether under the Participant s contract of employment or applicable local law, entitle the Participant s employing entity to terminate the employment of the Participant summarily. 
 R. Vietnam 
 
 Notwithstanding other language in the Plan to the contrary, the following additional terms and provisions shall apply to those Participants who are employed by an Employer in Vietnam. 

38 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

Section VII, B, c. 

In this section, the applicable definition of Cause (as defined in Section II above) is supplemented with the following subsections 

h. the continued failure or refusal of the Participant to perform satisfactorily any duties reasonably required of the Participant, after at least two written notifications by the Company or an affiliated company or 
 
 i. any violation of the Company s employment policies or procedures including but not limited to the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, Information Security Policy or Compliance and Risk Management Accountability Policy, Internal Labor Regulations that are subject to dismissal under the Vietnamese labor law and or the Company's Internal Labor Regulations 

Section VII, B, c, ii. 

Required to retire clause is applicable in Vietnam. 
 
 39 Wells Fargo Bonus Plan 

</EX-10.B>

<EX-13>
 5
 wfc-20231231_d2.htm
 EXHIBIT-13

wfc-20231231_d2 

Exhibit 13 

Financial Review 4 
 Overview 110 
 4 Equity Securities 9 
 Earnings Performance 112 
 5 Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses 27 
 Balance Sheet Analysis 127 
 6 Mortgage Banking Activities 29 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 129 
 7 Intangible Assets and Other Assets 30 
 Risk Management 130 
 8 Leasing Activity 52 
 Capital Management 132 
 9 Deposits 58 
 Regulatory Matters 133 
 10 Long-Term Debt 61 
 Critical Accounting Policies 135 
 11 Preferred Stock 65 
 Current Accounting Developments 136 
 12 Common Stock and Stock Plans 66 
 Forward-Looking Statements 138 
 13 Legal Actions 68 
 Risk Factors 140 
 14 Derivatives Controls and Procedures 146 
 15 Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities 82 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 157 
 16 Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities 82 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 162 
 17 Guarantees and Other Commitments 82 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 165 
 18 Securities and Other Collateralized Financing Activities 83 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 
 167 
 19 Pledged Assets and Collateral 168 
 20 Operating Segments Financial Statements 170 
 21 Revenue and Expenses 84 
 Consolidated Statement of Income 173 
 22 Employee Benefits 85 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 178 
 23 Income Taxes 86 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet 181 
 24 Earnings and Dividends Per Common Share 87 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 182 
 25 Other Comprehensive Income 89 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 184 
 26 Regulatory Capital Requirements and Other Restrictions 186 
 27 Parent-Only Financial Statements Notes to Financial Statements 90 
 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 188 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 103 
 2 Trading Activities 192 
 Quarterly Financial Data 104 
 3 Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities 193 
 Glossary of Acronyms 
 Wells Fargo Company 3 

This Annual Report, including the Financial Review and the Financial Statements and related Notes, contains forward-looking statements, which may include forecasts of our financial results and condition, expectations for our operations and business, and our assumptions for those forecasts and expectations. Do not unduly rely on forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements due to several factors. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements are described in this Report, including in the Forward-Looking Statements section, and in the Risk Factors and Regulation and Supervision sections of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (2023 Form 10-K). 
 
 When we refer to Wells Fargo, the Company, we, our, or us in this Report, we mean Wells Fargo Company and Subsidiaries (consolidated). When we refer to the Parent, we mean Wells Fargo Company. See the Glossary of Acronyms for definitions of terms used throughout this Report. 
 
 Financial Review 
 Overview 
 Wells Fargo Company is a leading financial services company that has approximately 1.9 trillion in assets. We provide a diversified set of banking, investment and mortgage products and services, as well as consumer and commercial finance, through our four reportable operating segments: Consumer Banking and Lending, Commercial Banking, Corporate and Investment Banking, and Wealth and Investment Management. Wells Fargo ranked No. 47 on Fortune s 2023 rankings of America s largest corporations. We ranked fourth in assets and third in the market value of our common stock among all U.S. banks at December 31, 2023. 
 Wells Fargo s top priority remains building a risk and control infrastructure appropriate for its size and complexity. The Company is subject to a number of consent orders and other regulatory actions, some of which are described below. These regulatory actions may require the Company, among other things, to undertake certain changes to its business, operations, products and services, and risk management practices. Addressing these regulatory actions is expected to take multiple years, and we are likely to continue to experience issues or delays along the way in satisfying their requirements. We are also likely to continue to identify more issues as we implement our risk and control infrastructure, which may result in additional regulatory actions. Regulators have indicated the potential for escalating consequences for banks that do not timely resolve open issues or have repeat issues. Furthermore, issues or delays with one regulatory action could affect our progress on others. Failure to satisfy the requirements of a regulatory action on a timely basis could result in additional fines, penalties, business restrictions, limitations on subsidiary capital distributions, increased capital or liquidity requirements, enforcement actions, and other adverse consequences, which could be significant. While we still have significant work to do and have not yet satisfied certain aspects of these regulatory actions, the Company is committed to devoting the resources necessary to operate with strong business practices and controls, maintain the highest level of integrity, and have an appropriate culture in place. 
 
 Federal Reserve Board Consent Order Regarding Governance Oversight and Compliance and Operational Risk Management 
 On February 2, 2018, the Company entered into a consent order with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB). As required by the consent order, the Company s Board of Directors (Board) submitted to the FRB a plan to further enhance the Board s governance and oversight of the Company, and the Company submitted to the FRB a plan to further improve the Company s compliance and operational risk management program. The Company continues to engage with the FRB as the 

Company works to address the consent order provisions. The consent order also requires the Company, following the FRB s acceptance and approval of the plans and the Company s adoption and implementation of the plans, to complete an initial third-party review of the enhancements and improvements provided for in the plans. Until this third-party review is complete and the plans are adopted and implemented to the satisfaction of the FRB, the Company s total consolidated assets as defined under the consent order will be limited to the level as of December 31, 2017. Compliance with this asset cap is measured on a two-quarter daily average basis to allow for management of temporary fluctuations. After removal of the asset cap, a second third-party review must also be conducted to assess the efficacy and sustainability of the enhancements and improvements. 
 
 Consent Orders with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency Regarding Compliance Risk Management Program, Automobile Collateral Protection Insurance Policies, and Mortgage Interest Rate Lock Extensions 
 On April 20, 2018, the Company entered into consent orders with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) to pay an aggregate of 1 billion in civil money penalties to resolve matters regarding the Company s compliance risk management program and past practices involving certain automobile collateral protection insurance policies and certain mortgage interest rate lock extensions. As required by the consent orders, the Company submitted to the CFPB and OCC an enterprise-wide compliance risk management plan and a plan to enhance the Company s internal audit program with respect to federal consumer financial law and the terms of the consent orders. In addition, as required by the consent orders, the Company submitted for non-objection plans to remediate customers affected by the automobile collateral protection insurance and mortgage interest rate lock matters, as well as a plan for the management of remediation activities conducted by the Company. The Company continues to work to address the provisions of the consent orders. On September 9, 2021, the OCC assessed a 250 million civil money penalty against the Company related to insufficient progress in addressing requirements under the OCC s April 2018 consent order and loss mitigation activities in the Company s Home Lending business. On December 20, 2022, the CFPB modified its consent order to clarify how it would terminate. 

4 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Consent Order with the OCC Regarding Loss Mitigation Activities 
 On September 9, 2021, the Company entered into a consent order with the OCC requiring the Company to improve the execution, risk management, and oversight of loss mitigation activities in its Home Lending business. In addition, the consent order restricts the Company from acquiring certain third-party residential mortgage servicing and limits transfers of certain mortgage loans requiring customer remediation out of the Company s mortgage servicing portfolio until remediation is provided. 
 
 Consent Order with the CFPB Regarding Automobile Lending, Consumer Deposit Accounts, and Mortgage Lending 
 On December 20, 2022, the Company entered into a consent order with the CFPB requiring the Company to provide customer remediation for multiple matters related to automobile lending, consumer deposit accounts, and mortgage lending; maintain practices designed to ensure auto lending customers receive refunds for the unused portion of certain guaranteed automobile protection agreements; comply with certain business practice requirements related to consumer deposit accounts; and pay a 1.7 billion civil penalty to the CFPB. The required actions related to many of these matters were already substantially complete at the time we entered into the consent order, and the consent order lays out a path to termination after the Company completes the remainder of the required actions. 
 
 Retail Sales Practices Matters 
 In September 2016, we announced settlements with the CFPB, the OCC, and the Office of the Los Angeles City Attorney, and entered into related consent orders with the CFPB and the OCC, in connection with allegations that some of our retail customers received products and services they did not request. As a result, it remains a priority to rebuild trust through a comprehensive action plan that includes making things right for our customers, employees, and other stakeholders, and building a better Company for the future. On September 8, 2021, the CFPB consent order regarding retail sales practices expired. On February 15, 2024, the OCC announced the termination of its consent order regarding retail sales practices. 
 
 Customer Remediation Activities 
 Our priority of rebuilding trust has included an effort to identify areas or instances where customers may have experienced financial harm, provide remediation as appropriate, and implement additional operational and control procedures. We are working with our regulatory agencies in this effort. 
 We have accrued for the probable and estimable costs related to our customer remediation activities, which amounts may change based on additional facts and information, as well as ongoing reviews and communications with our regulators. We had 819 million and 2.3 billion of accrued liabilities for customer remediation activities as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As our ongoing reviews continue and as we continue to strengthen our risk and control infrastructure, we have identified and may in the future identify additional items or areas of potential concern. To the extent issues are identified, we will continue to assess any customer harm and provide remediation as appropriate. 

Recent Developments 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Special Assessment 
 In November 2023, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) finalized a rule to recover losses to the FDIC deposit insurance fund as a result of bank failures in the first half of 2023. Under the rule, the FDIC will collect a special assessment based on a calculation using an insured depository institution s (IDI) estimated amount of uninsured deposits. Upon the FDIC s finalization of the rule, we expensed the entire estimated amount of our special assessment of 1.9 billion (pre-tax), which will be paid over eight quarters beginning in June 2024. The amount of our special assessment may change as the FDIC determines the actual losses to the deposit insurance fund and evaluates any amendments by IDIs to uninsured deposit amounts reported for December 31, 2022. 
 
 Overdraft Fees Proposal 
 On January 17, 2024, the CFPB issued a proposed rule that would limit overdraft fees charged by certain banks. We expect a significant reduction to our overdraft fees, which are included in deposit-related fees, if the rule is adopted as currently proposed. 
 
 Debit Card Interchange Fees Proposal 
 On October 25, 2023, the FRB issued a proposed rule that would reduce the amount of debit card interchange fees received by debit card issuers. In addition, the proposed rule would allow for an update to the debit card interchange fee cap every other year based on an analysis of certain costs incurred by debit card issuers. We expect a significant reduction to our debit card interchange fees, which are included in card fees, if the rule is adopted as currently proposed. 
 
 Capital Matters 
 On July 27, 2023, federal banking regulators issued a proposed rule to implement the final components of Basel III, which would impact risk-based capital requirements for certain banks. The proposed rule would eliminate the current Advanced Approach and replace it with a new expanded risk-based approach for the measurement of risk-weighted assets, including more granular risk weights for credit risk, a new market risk framework, and a new standardized approach for measuring operational risk. The new requirements would be phased in over a three-year period beginning July 1, 2025. The Company expects a significant increase in its risk-weighted assets and a net increase in its capital requirements based on an assessment of the proposed rule. The Company is considering a range of potential actions to address the impact of the proposed rule, including balance sheet and capital optimization strategies. 
 For additional information about capital planning, see the Capital Management Capital Planning and Stress Testing section in this Report. 

Wells Fargo Company 5 

Overview (continued) 

Financial Performance 
 Adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2018-12 
 In first quarter 2023, we adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2018-12 Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . 
 We adopted this ASU with retrospective application, which required revision of prior period financial statements. Prior period risk-based capital and certain other regulatory related metrics were not revised. For additional information, including the financial statement line items impacted by the adoption of ASU 2018-12, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 In 2023, we generated 19.1 billion of net income and diluted earnings per common share (EPS) of 4.83, compared with 13.7 billion of net income and diluted EPS of 3.27 in 2022. Financial performance for 2023, compared with 2022, included the following: 
 total revenue increased due to higher net interest income and higher noninterest income; 
 provision for credit losses reflected increases for commercial real estate loans, primarily office loans, as well as for increases in credit card loan balances; 
 noninterest expense decreased due to lower operating losses, partially offset by higher personnel expense and higher other expense driven by an FDIC special assessment; 
 average loans increased driven by loan growth in both our commercial and consumer loan portfolios; and 
 average deposits decreased driven by reductions in Consumer Banking and Lending, Commercial Banking, and Wealth and Investment Management, partially offset by growth in Corporate and Investment Banking and Corporate. 
 
 Capital and Liquidity 
 We maintained a strong capital position in 2023, with total equity of 187.4 billion at December 31, 2023, compared with 182.2 billion at December 31, 2022. In addition, capital and liquidity at December 31, 2023, included the following: 
 our Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio was 11.43 under the Standardized Approach (our binding ratio), which continued to exceed the regulatory minimum and buffers of 8.90 ; 
 our total loss absorbing capacity (TLAC) as a percentage of total risk-weighted assets was 25.05 , compared with the regulatory minimum of 21.50 ; and 
 our liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) was 125 , which continued to exceed the regulatory minimum of 100 . 
 See the Capital Management and the Risk Management Asset/Liability Management Liquidity Risk and Funding sections in this Report for additional information regarding our capital and liquidity, including the calculation of our regulatory capital and liquidity amounts. 

Credit Quality 
 Credit quality reflected the following: 
 The allowance for credit losses (ACL) for loans of 15.1 billion at December 31, 2023, increased 1.5 billion from December 31, 2022. 
 Our provision for credit losses for loans was 5.4 billion in 2023, compared with 1.5 billion in 2022. The ACL for loans and the provision for credit losses for loans reflected increases for commercial real estate loans, primarily office loans, as well as for increases in credit card loan balances. 
 The allowance coverage for total loans was 1.61 at December 31, 2023, compared with 1.42 at December 31, 2022. 
 Commercial portfolio net loan charge-offs were 923 million, or 17 basis points of average commercial loans, in 2023, compared with net loan charge-offs of 79 million in 2022, due to higher losses in all commercial portfolios, primarily in our commercial real estate portfolio driven by the office property type. 
 Consumer portfolio net loan charge-offs were 2.5 billion, or 65 basis points of average consumer loans, in 2023, compared with net loan charge-offs of 1.5 billion, or 39 basis points, in 2022, due to higher losses in all consumer portfolios, primarily in our credit card portfolio. 
 Nonperforming assets (NPAs) of 8.4 billion at December 31, 2023, increased 2.7 billion, or 47 , from December 31, 2022, driven by higher commercial real estate nonaccrual loans, predominantly within the office property type, partially offset by lower residential mortgage nonaccrual loans. NPAs represented 0.90 of total loans at December 31, 2023. 
 Criticized loans in the commercial portfolio were 33.0 billion at December 31, 2023, compared with 25.1 billion at December 31, 2022, primarily driven by an increase in criticized commercial real estate loans in the office and apartments property types. 

6 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Table 1 presents a three-year summary of selected financial data and Table 2 presents selected ratios and per common share data. 

Table 1: Summary of Selected Financial Data 
 Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 2023 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Income statement Net interest income 52,375 44,950 7,425 17 35,779 9,171 26 Noninterest income (1) 
 30,222 29,418 804 3 43,387 (13,969) (32) Total revenue 82,597 74,368 8,229 11 79,166 (4,798) (6) Net charge-offs 3,450 1,609 1,841 114 1,582 27 2 Change in the allowance for credit losses 1,949 (75) 2,024 NM (5,737) 5,662 (99) Provision for credit losses (2) 
 5,399 1,534 3,865 252 (4,155) 5,689 NM Noninterest expense (1) 
 55,562 57,205 (1,643) (3) 53,758 3,447 6 Net income before noncontrolling interests 19,029 13,378 5,651 42 23,799 (10,421) (44) Less: Net income from noncontrolling interests 
 (113) (299) 186 62 1,690 (1,989) NM Wells Fargo net income (1) 
 19,142 13,677 5,465 40 22,109 (8,432) (38) Earnings per common share 4.88 3.30 1.58 48 5.13 (1.83) (36) Diluted earnings per common share 4.83 3.27 1.56 48 5.08 (1.81) (36) Dividends declared per common share 
 1.30 1.10 0.20 18 0.60 0.50 83 Balance sheet (period-end) 
 Debt securities 490,458 496,808 (6,350) (1) 537,531 (40,723) (8) Loans 936,682 955,871 (19,189) (2) 895,394 60,477 7 Allowance for credit losses for loans 
 15,088 13,609 1,479 11 13,788 (179) (1) Equity securities 57,336 64,414 (7,078) (11) 72,886 (8,472) (12) Assets (1) 
 1,932,468 1,881,020 51,448 3 1,948,073 (67,053) (3) Deposits 1,358,173 1,383,985 (25,812) (2) 1,482,479 (98,494) (7) Long-term debt 207,588 174,870 32,718 19 160,689 14,181 9 Common stockholders equity (1) 
 166,444 160,952 5,492 3 168,111 (7,159) (4) Wells Fargo stockholders equity (1) 
 185,735 180,227 5,508 3 187,386 (7,159) (4) Total equity (1) 
 187,443 182,213 5,230 3 189,889 (7,676) (4) 
 NM Not meaningful 
 (1) In first quarter 2023, we adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2018-12 Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . We adopted ASU 2018-12 with retrospective application, which required revision of prior period financial statements. For additional information, including the financial statement line items impacted by the adoption of ASU 2018-12, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 (2) Includes provision for credit losses for loans, debt securities, and other financial assets. 
 Wells Fargo Company 7 

Overview (continued) 

 Table 2: Ratios and Per Common Share Data (1) 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Performance ratios Return on average assets (ROA) (2) 
 1.02 0.72 1.14 Return on average equity (ROE) (3) 
 11.0 7.8 12.3 Return on average tangible common equity (ROTCE) (4) 
 13.1 9.3 14.8 Efficiency ratio (5) 
 67 77 68 Capital and other metrics (6) 
 Wells Fargo common stockholders equity to assets 
 8.61 8.56 8.63 Total equity to assets 
 9.70 9.69 9.75 Risk-based capital ratios and components: 
 Standardized Approach: Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 11.43 10.60 11.35 Tier 1 capital 12.98 12.11 12.89 Total capital 15.67 14.82 15.84 Risk-weighted assets (RWAs) (in billions) 1,231.7 1,259.9 1,239.0 Advanced Approach: Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 12.63 12.00 12.60 Tier 1 capital 14.34 13.72 14.31 Total capital 16.40 15.94 16.72 Risk-weighted assets (RWAs) (in billions) 1,114.3 1,112.3 1,116.1 Tier 1 leverage ratio 
 8.50 8.26 8.34 Supplementary Leverage Ratio (SLR) 
 7.09 6.86 6.89 Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC) Ratio (7) 
 25.05 23.27 23.03 Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) (8) 
 125 122 118 Average balances: 
 Average Wells Fargo common stockholders equity to average assets 
 8.67 8.53 8.69 Average total equity to average assets 
 9.80 9.67 9.81 Per common share data Dividend payout ratio (9) 
 26.9 33.6 11.8 Book value (10) 
 46.25 41.98 43.26 
 (1) In first quarter 2023, we adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2018-12 Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . We adopted ASU 2018-12 with retrospective application, which required revision of prior period financial statements. Prior period risk-based capital and certain other regulatory related metrics were not revised. For additional information, including the financial statement line items impacted by the adoption of ASU 2018-12, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 (2) Represents Wells Fargo net income divided by average assets. 
 (3) Represents Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock divided by average common stockholders equity. 
 (4) Tangible common equity is a non-GAAP financial measure and represents total equity less preferred equity, noncontrolling interests, goodwill, certain identifiable intangible assets (other than mortgage servicing rights) and goodwill and other intangibles on investments in consolidated portfolio companies, net of applicable deferred taxes. The methodology of determining tangible common equity may differ among companies. Management believes that return on average tangible common equity, which utilizes tangible common equity, is a useful financial measure because it enables management, investors, and others to assess the Company s use of equity. For additional information, including a corresponding reconciliation to generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) financial measures, see the Capital Management Tangible Common Equity section in this Report. 
 (5) The efficiency ratio is noninterest expense divided by total revenue (net interest income and noninterest income). 
 (6) See the Capital Management section and Note 26 (Regulatory Capital Requirements and Other Restrictions) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information. 
 (7) Represents TLAC divided by risk-weighted assets (RWAs), which is our binding TLAC ratio, determined by using the greater of RWAs under the Standardized and Advanced Approaches. 
 (8) Represents average high-quality liquid assets divided by average projected net cash outflows, as each is defined under the LCR rule. 
 (9) Dividend payout ratio is dividends declared per common share as a percentage of diluted earnings per common share. 
 (10) Book value per common share is common stockholders equity divided by common shares outstanding. 
 
 8 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Earnings Performance 
 Wells Fargo net income for 2023 was 19.1 billion 4.83 diluted EPS), compared with 13.7 billion 3.27 diluted EPS) in 2022. Net income increased in 2023, compared with 2022, predominantly due to a 7.4 billion increase in net interest income and a 1.6 billion decrease in noninterest expense, partially offset by a 3.9 billion increase in provision for credit losses. 
 For a discussion of our 2022 financial results, compared with 2021, see the Earnings Performance section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income is the interest earned on debt securities, loans (including yield-related loan fees) and other interest-earning assets minus the interest paid on deposits, short-term borrowings and long-term debt. The net interest margin is the average yield on earning assets minus the average interest rate paid for deposits and our other sources of funding. 
 Net interest income and the net interest margin in any one period can be significantly affected by a variety of factors including the mix and overall size of our earning assets portfolio and the cost of funding those assets. In addition, variable sources of interest income, such as loan fees, periodic dividends, and collection of interest on nonaccrual loans, can fluctuate from period to period. 

Net interest income and net interest margin increased in 2023, compared with 2022, driven by the impact of higher interest rates, which resulted in both higher interest income on interest-earning assets and higher interest expense for interest-bearing deposits and long-term debt . 
 Table 3 presents the individual components of net interest income and net interest margin. Net interest income and net interest margin are presented on a taxable-equivalent basis in Table 3 to consistently reflect income from taxable and tax-exempt loans and debt and equity securities based on a 21 federal statutory tax rate for the periods ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 

Wells Fargo Company 9 

Earnings Performance (continued) 

 Table 3: Average Balances, Yields and Rates Paid (Taxable-Equivalent Basis) (1) 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 in millions) 
 Average balance Interest income/ expense Average interest rates 
 Average balance Interest income/ expense Average interest rates 
 Average balance Interest income/ expense Interest rates Assets Interest-earning deposits with banks 149,401 6,973 4.67 145,802 2,245 1.54 236,281 314 0.13 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 69,878 3,374 4.83 62,137 859 1.38 69,720 14 0.02 Debt securities: Trading debt securities 104,588 3,805 3.64 91,515 2,490 2.72 88,282 2,107 2.39 Available-for-sale debt securities 142,743 5,365 3.76 141,404 3,167 2.24 189,237 2,924 1.55 Held-to-maturity debt securities 275,441 7,246 2.63 296,540 6,480 2.19 245,304 4,589 1.87 Total debt securities 522,772 16,416 3.14 529,459 12,137 2.29 522,823 9,620 1.84 Loans held for sale (2) 5,762 363 6.29 13,900 513 3.69 27,554 865 3.14 Loans: Commercial and industrial U.S. 307,953 20,941 6.80 291,996 11,293 3.87 252,025 6,526 2.59 Commercial and industrial Non-U.S. 74,410 5,043 6.78 80,033 2,681 3.35 71,114 1,448 2.04 Commercial real estate mortgage 129,437 8,312 6.42 131,304 4,974 3.79 121,638 3,276 2.69 Commercial real estate construction 24,324 1,898 7.80 21,510 991 4.61 21,589 667 3.09 Lease financing 15,386 749 4.87 14,555 607 4.17 15,519 692 4.46 Total commercial loans 551,510 36,943 6.70 539,398 20,546 3.81 481,885 12,609 2.62 Residential mortgage first lien 252,857 8,477 3.35 249,985 7,912 3.17 249,862 7,903 3.16 Residential mortgage junior lien 12,074 836 6.92 14,703 729 4.95 19,710 818 4.15 Credit card 48,202 6,246 12.96 41,275 4,752 11.51 35,471 4,086 11.52 Auto 51,116 2,415 4.72 55,429 2,366 4.27 51,576 2,317 4.49 Other consumer 28,157 2,349 8.34 29,030 1,489 5.13 25,784 962 3.73 Total consumer loans 392,406 20,323 5.18 390,422 17,248 4.42 382,403 16,086 4.21 Total loans (2) 943,916 57,266 6.07 929,820 37,794 4.06 864,288 28,695 3.32 Equity securities 25,920 683 2.63 30,575 708 2.31 31,946 608 1.91 Other 9,638 463 4.80 13,275 204 1.54 10,052 6 0.06 Total interest-earning assets 1,727,287 85,538 4.95 1,724,968 54,460 3.16 1,762,664 40,122 2.28 Cash and due from banks 27,463 25,817 24,562 Goodwill 25,173 25,177 26,087 Other 105,552 118,341 128,750 Total noninterest-earning assets 158,188 169,335 179,399 Total assets 1,885,475 85,538 1,894,303 54,460 1,942,063 40,122 Liabilities Deposits: Demand deposits 418,542 6,947 1.66 432,745 1,356 0.31 450,131 127 0.03 Savings deposits 376,233 2,723 0.72 433,415 406 0.09 423,221 124 0.03 Time deposits 132,492 6,215 4.69 33,148 449 1.36 36,519 122 0.33 Deposits in non-U.S. offices 19,278 618 3.21 19,191 138 0.72 28,297 15 0.05 Total interest-bearing deposits 946,545 16,503 1.74 918,499 2,349 0.26 938,168 388 0.04 Short-term borrowings: Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 65,696 3,313 5.04 24,553 407 1.66 35,245 8 0.02 Other short-term borrowings 15,337 535 3.49 15,257 175 1.15 12,020 (48) (0.41) Total short-term borrowings 81,033 3,848 4.75 39,810 582 1.46 47,265 (40) (0.09) Long-term debt 180,464 11,572 6.41 157,742 5,505 3.49 178,742 3,173 1.78 Other liabilities 32,950 820 2.49 34,126 638 1.87 28,809 395 1.37 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,240,992 32,743 2.64 1,150,177 9,074 0.79 1,192,984 3,916 0.33 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 399,737 505,770 499,644 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 59,886 55,189 58,933 Total noninterest-bearing liabilities 459,623 560,959 558,577 Total liabilities 1,700,615 32,743 1,711,136 9,074 1,751,561 3,916 Total equity 184,860 183,167 190,502 Total liabilities and equity 1,885,475 32,743 1,894,303 9,074 1,942,063 3,916 Interest rate spread on a taxable-equivalent basis (3) 2.31 2.37 1.95 Net interest margin and net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis (3) 
 52,795 3.06 45,386 2.63 36,206 2.05 
 (1) The average balance amounts represent amortized costs, except for certain held-to-maturity (HTM) debt securities, which exclude unamortized basis adjustments related to the transfer of those securities from available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities. The average interest rates are based on interest income or expense amounts for the period and are annualized. Interest rates and amounts include the effects of hedge and risk management activities associated with the respective asset and liability categories. 
 (2) Nonaccrual loans and any related income are included in their respective loan categories. 
 (3) Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments of 420 million, 436 million, and 427 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, predominantly related to tax-exempt income on certain loans and securities. 
 10 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Table 4 allocates the changes in net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis to changes in either average balances or average rates for both interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Because of the numerous simultaneous volume and rate changes during any period, it is not possible to precisely 

allocate such changes between volume and rate. For this table, changes that are not solely due to either volume or rate are allocated to these categories on a pro-rata basis based on the absolute value of the change due to average volume and average rate. 

Table 4: Analysis of Changes in Net Interest Income 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 (in millions) Volume Rate Total Volume Rate Total Increase (decrease) in interest income: Interest-earning deposits with banks 56 4,672 4,728 (162) 2,093 1,931 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 120 2,395 2,515 (2) 847 845 Debt securities: Trading debt securities 391 924 1,315 80 303 383 Available-for-sale debt securities 30 2,168 2,198 (858) 1,101 243 Held-to-maturity debt securities (482) 1,248 766 1,039 852 1,891 Total debt securities (61) 4,340 4,279 261 2,256 2,517 Loans held for sale (396) 246 (150) (484) 132 (352) Loans: Commercial and industrial U.S. 650 8,998 9,648 1,158 3,609 4,767 Commercial and industrial Non-U.S. (200) 2,562 2,362 201 1,032 1,233 Commercial real estate mortgage (72) 3,410 3,338 276 1,422 1,698 Commercial real estate construction 144 763 907 (2) 326 324 Lease financing 36 106 142 (42) (43) (85) Total commercial loans 558 15,839 16,397 1,591 6,346 7,937 Residential mortgage first lien 95 470 565 1 8 9 Residential mortgage junior lien (146) 253 107 (230) 141 (89) Credit card 854 640 1,494 670 (4) 666 Auto (191) 240 49 166 (117) 49 Other consumer (46) 906 860 132 395 527 Total consumer loans 566 2,509 3,075 739 423 1,162 Total loans 1,124 18,348 19,472 2,330 6,769 9,099 Equity securities (116) 91 (25) (26) 126 100 Other (70) 329 259 3 195 198 Total increase in interest income 
 657 30,421 31,078 1,920 12,418 14,338 Increase (decrease) in interest expense: Deposits: Demand deposits (46) 5,637 5,591 (5) 1,234 1,229 Savings deposits (58) 2,375 2,317 3 279 282 Time deposits 3,173 2,593 5,766 (12) 339 327 Deposits in non-U.S. offices 1 479 480 (7) 130 123 Total interest-bearing deposits 3,070 11,084 14,154 (21) 1,982 1,961 Short-term borrowings: Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 1,312 1,594 2,906 (3) 402 399 Other short-term borrowings 1 359 360 (10) 233 223 Total short-term borrowings 1,313 1,953 3,266 (13) 635 622 Long-term debt 891 5,176 6,067 (412) 2,744 2,332 Other liabilities (23) 205 182 82 161 243 Total increase (decrease) in interest expense 5,251 18,418 23,669 (364) 5,522 5,158 Increase (decrease) in net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis (4,594) 12,003 7,409 2,284 6,896 9,180 
 
 Wells Fargo Company 11 

Earnings Performance (continued) 

 Noninterest Income 
 
 Table 5: Noninterest Income 
 Year ended December 31, in millions) 
 2023 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Deposit-related fees 4,694 5,316 (622) (12) 5,475 (159) (3) Lending-related fees 1,446 1,397 49 4 1,445 (48) (3) Investment advisory and other asset-based fees 8,670 9,004 (334) (4) 11,011 (2,007) (18) Commissions and brokerage services fees 2,375 2,242 133 6 2,299 (57) (2) Investment banking fees 1,649 1,439 210 15 2,354 (915) (39) Card fees 4,256 4,355 (99) (2) 4,175 180 4 Net servicing income 436 533 (97) (18) 194 339 175 Net gains on mortgage loan originations/sales 393 850 (457) (54) 4,762 (3,912) (82) Mortgage banking 829 1,383 (554) (40) 4,956 (3,573) (72) Net gains from trading activities 4,799 2,116 2,683 127 284 1,832 645 Net gains from debt securities 10 151 (141) (93) 553 (402) (73) Net gains (losses) from equity securities 
 (441) (806) 365 45 6,427 (7,233) NM Lease income 1,237 1,269 (32) (3) 996 273 27 Other 698 1,552 (854) (55) 3,412 (1,860) (55) Total 30,222 29,418 804 3 43,387 (13,969) (32) NM Not meaningful 
 Full year 2023 vs. full year 2022 
 
 Deposit-related fees decreased reflecting: 
 our efforts to help customers avoid overdraft fees; and 
 lower fees on commercial accounts driven by higher earnings credits due to an increase in interest rates. 
 
 Investment advisory and other asset-based fees decreased reflecting net outflows of advisory assets and lower market valuations. 
 
 Fees from the majority of Wealth and Investment Management (WIM) advisory assets are based on a percentage of the market value of the assets at the beginning of the quarter. For additional information on certain client investment assets, see the Earnings Performance Operating Segment Results Wealth and Investment Management WIM Advisory Assets section in this Report. 
 
 Commissions and brokerage services fees increased due to higher service fee rates and higher transactional revenue. 
 
 Investment banking fees increased due to increased activity across all products, as well as a write-down on unfunded leveraged finance commitments in 2022 . 
 
 Net servicing income decreased driven by: 
 lower servicing fees due to a lower balance of mortgage loans serviced for others, including the impact of MSR sales; 
 partially offset by: 
 higher income from net hedge results related to MSR valuations. 

Net gains on mortgage loan originations/sales decreased 
 due to lower residential mortgage origination volumes related to higher interest rates and our more focused strategy for Home Lending, including our exit from the correspondent business. 
 
 For additional information on net servicing income and net gains on mortgage loan originations/sales, s ee Note 6 (Mortgage Banking Activities) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 
 Net gains from trading activities increased driven by improved trading results across all asset classes. 
 
 Net gains from debt securities decreased due to lower gains on sales of asset-based securities and municipal bonds in our investment portfolio as a result of decreased sales volumes . 
 
 Net losses from equity securities decreased reflecting: 
 lower impairment of equity securities; and 
 higher unrealized gains on marketable equity securities; 
 partially offset by: 
 lower unrealized and realized gains on nonmarketable equity securities driven by our venture capital and private equity investments. 
 
 O ther income decreased driven by the change in fair value of liabilities associated with our reinsurance business, which was recognized as a result of our adoption of ASU 2018-12 in first quarter 2023. For additional information on our adoption of ASU 2018-12, s ee Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

12 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Noninterest Expense 
 
 Table 6: Noninterest Expense 
 Year ended December 31, in millions) 2023 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Personnel 35,829 34,340 1,489 4 35,541 (1,201) (3) Technology, telecommunications and equipment 3,920 3,375 545 16 3,227 148 5 Occupancy 2,884 2,881 3 2,968 (87) (3) Operating losses (1) 
 1,183 6,984 (5,801) (83) 1,568 5,416 345 Professional and outside services 5,085 5,188 (103) (2) 5,723 (535) (9) Leases (2) 
 697 750 (53) (7) 867 (117) (13) Advertising and promotion 812 505 307 61 600 (95) (16) Other 5,152 3,182 1,970 62 3,264 (82) (3) Total 55,562 57,205 (1,643) (3) 53,758 3,447 6 
 (1) Includes expenses for legal actions of 179 million, 3.3 billion, and 341 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and expenses for customer remediation activities of 207 million, 2.7 billion, and 536 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Represents expenses for assets we lease to customers. 
 Full year 2023 vs. full year 2022 
 
 Personnel expense increased due to: 
 higher severance expense for planned actions; and 
 higher incentive compensation expense; 
 partially offset by: 
 lower revenue-related compensation expense driven by lower origination volumes in Home Lending. 
 
 For additional information on personnel expense, see 
 Note 21 (Revenue and Expenses) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 Technology, telecommunications and equipment expense increased due to higher expense for software maintenance and licenses and for the amortization of internally developed software. 
 
 Operating losses decreased driven by: 
 lower expense for legal actions, compared with higher expense in 2022 that included amounts related to the December 2022 CFPB consent order. For additional information on legal actions, see Note 13 (Legal Actions) to Financial Statements in this Report; and 

lower expense for customer remediation activities, compared with higher expense in 2022 that included amounts related to the further refinement of the scope of remediation for historical mortgage lending, automobile lending, and consumer deposit accounts matters. Expenses for customer remediation activities in 2023 were lower related to matters that had lower estimated costs and complexity than historical matters. For additional information on customer remediation activities, see the Overview section above. 
 
 As previously disclosed, we have outstanding legal actions and customer remediation activities that could impact operating losses in the coming quarters. 
 For additional information on operating losses, see Note 21 (Revenue and Expenses) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 Advertising and promotion expense increased due to higher marketing volume. 
 
 Other expense increased reflecting a 1.9 billion FDIC special assessment. For additional information on the FDIC s special assessment, see Note 21 (Revenue and Expenses) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

Income Tax Expense 
 
 Table 7: Income Tax Expense 
 Year ended December 31, in millions) 
 2023 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Income before income tax expense 21,636 15,629 6,007 38 29,563 (13,934) (47 Income tax expense 2,607 2,251 356 16 5,764 (3,513) (61) Effective income tax rate (1) 12.0 14.1 20.7 
 (1) Represents (i) Income tax expense (benefit) divided by (ii) Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) less Net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests. 
 Income tax expense for 2023, compared with 2022, increased due to higher pre-tax income, partially offset by the impact of discrete tax benefits related to the resolution of prior period tax matters. The effective income tax rate for 2023, compared with 2022, decreased primarily due to the impact of discrete tax benefits related to the resolution of prior period tax matters. 

For additional information on income taxes, see Note 23 (Income Taxes) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

Wells Fargo Company 13 

Earnings Performance (continued) 

 Operating Segment Results 
 Our management reporting is organized into four reportable operating segments: Consumer Banking and Lending; Commercial Banking; Corporate and Investment Banking; and Wealth and Investment Management. All other business activities that are not included in the reportable operating segments have been included in Corporate. For additional information, see Table 8. We define our reportable operating segments by type of product and customer segment, and their results are based on our management reporting process. The management reporting process measures the performance of the reportable operating segments based on the Company s management structure, and the results are regularly reviewed with our Chief Executive Officer and relevant senior management. The management reporting process is based on U.S. GAAP and includes specific adjustments, such as funds transfer pricing for asset/liability management, shared revenue and expenses, and taxable-equivalent adjustments to consistently reflect income from taxable and tax-exempt sources, which allows management to assess performance consistently across the operating segments. 
 
 Funds Transfer Pricing Corporate treasury manages a funds transfer pricing methodology that considers interest rate risk, liquidity risk, and other product characteristics. Operating segments pay a funding charge for their assets and receive a funding credit for their deposits, both of which are included in net interest income. The net impact of the funding charges or credits is recognized in corporate treasury. 
 
 Revenue and Expense Sharing When lines of business jointly serve customers, the line of business that is responsible for providing the product or service recognizes revenue or expense with a referral fee paid or an allocation of cost to the other line of business based on established internal revenue-sharing agreements. 

When a line of business uses a service provided by another line of business or enterprise function (included in Corporate), expense is generally allocated based on the cost and use of the service provided. We periodically assess and update our revenue and expense allocation methodologies. 
 
 Taxable-Equivalent Adjustments Taxable-equivalent adjustments related to tax-exempt income on certain loans and debt securities are included in net interest income, while taxable-equivalent adjustments related to income tax credits for low-income housing and renewable energy investments are included in noninterest income, in each case with corresponding impacts to income tax expense (benefit). Adjustments are included in Corporate, Commercial Banking, and Corporate and Investment Banking and are eliminated to reconcile to the Company s consolidated financial results. 
 
 Allocated Capital Reportable operating segments are allocated capital under a risk-sensitive framework that is primarily based on aspects of our regulatory capital requirements, and the assumptions and methodologies used to allocate capital are periodically assessed and updated. Effective January 1, 2023, management modified its capital allocation methodology to improve alignment of allocated capital with the binding regulatory constraints of the Company. Management believes that return on allocated capital is a useful financial measure because it enables management, investors, and others to assess a reportable operating segment s use of capital. 
 
 Selected Metrics We present certain financial and nonfinancial metrics that management uses when evaluating reportable operating segment results. Management believes that these metrics are useful to investors and others to assess the performance, customer growth, and trends of reportable operating segments or lines of business. 

Table 8: Management Reporting Structure 
 Wells Fargo Company Consumer Banking and Lending 
 Commercial Banking 
 Corporate and Investment Banking Wealth and Investment Management 
 Corporate 
 
 Consumer, Small and Business Banking 
 
 Home Lending 
 
 Credit Card 
 
 Auto 
 
 Personal Lending 
 Middle Market Banking Asset-Based Lending and Leasing Banking Commercial Real Estate Markets Wells Fargo Advisors The Private Bank 
 Corporate Treasury 
 
 Enterprise Functions 
 
 Investment Portfolio 
 
 Venture capital and private equity investments 
 
 Non-strategic businesses 

14 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Table 9 and the following discussion present our results by reportable operating segment. For additional information, see Note 20 (Operating Segments) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

Table 9: Operating Segment Results Highlights 
 (in millions) Consumer Banking and Lending Commercial Banking Corporate and Investment Banking Wealth and Investment Management Corporate (1) Reconciling Items (2) Consolidated Company Year ended December 31, 2023 Net interest income 30,185 10,034 9,498 3,966 (888) (420) 52,375 Noninterest income 7,734 3,415 9,693 10,725 431 (1,776) 30,222 Total revenue 37,919 13,449 19,191 14,691 (457) (2,196) 82,597 Provision for credit losses 3,299 75 2,007 6 12 5,399 Noninterest expense 24,024 6,555 8,618 12,064 4,301 55,562 Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) 10,596 6,819 8,566 2,621 (4,770) (2,196) 21,636 Income tax expense (benefit) 2,657 1,704 2,140 657 (2,355) (2,196) 2,607 Net income (loss) before noncontrolling interests 7,939 5,115 6,426 1,964 (2,415) 19,029 Less: Net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests 11 (124) (113) Net income (loss) 7,939 5,104 6,426 1,964 (2,291) 19,142 Year ended December 31, 2022 Net interest income 27,044 7,289 8,733 3,927 (1,607) (436) 44,950 Noninterest income 8,766 3,631 6,509 10,895 1,192 (1,575) 29,418 Total revenue 35,810 10,920 15,242 14,822 (415) (2,011) 74,368 Provision for credit losses 2,276 (534) (185) (25) 2 1,534 Noninterest expense 26,277 6,058 7,560 11,613 5,697 57,205 Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) 7,257 5,396 7,867 3,234 (6,114) (2,011) 15,629 Income tax expense (benefit) 1,816 1,366 1,989 812 (1,721) (2,011) 2,251 Net income (loss) before noncontrolling interests 5,441 4,030 5,878 2,422 (4,393) 13,378 Less: Net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests 12 (311) (299) Net income (loss) 5,441 4,018 5,878 2,422 (4,082) 13,677 Year ended December 31, 2021 Net interest income 22,807 4,960 7,410 2,570 (1,541) (427) 35,779 Noninterest income 12,070 3,589 6,429 11,776 10,710 (1,187) 43,387 Total revenue 34,877 8,549 13,839 14,346 9,169 (1,614) 79,166 Provision for credit losses (1,178) (1,500) (1,439) (95) 57 (4,155) Noninterest expense 24,648 5,862 7,200 11,734 4,314 53,758 Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) 11,407 4,187 8,078 2,707 4,798 (1,614) 29,563 Income tax expense (benefit) 2,852 1,045 2,019 680 782 (1,614) 5,764 Net income before noncontrolling interests 
 8,555 3,142 6,059 2,027 4,016 23,799 Less: Net income (loss) from noncontrolling 
 interests 
 8 (3) 1,685 1,690 Net income 
 8,555 3,134 6,062 2,027 2,331 22,109 
 (1) All other business activities that are not included in the reportable operating segments have been included in Corporate. For additional information, see the Corporate section below. 
 (2) Taxable-equivalent adjustments related to tax-exempt income on certain loans and debt securities are included in net interest income, while taxable-equivalent adjustments related to income tax credits for low-income housing and renewable energy investments are included in noninterest income, in each case with corresponding impacts to income tax expense (benefit). Adjustments are included in Corporate, Commercial Banking, and Corporate and Investment Banking and are eliminated to reconcile to the Company s consolidated financial results. 
 Wells Fargo Company 15 

Earnings Performance (continued) 

 Consumer Banking and Lending offers diversified financial products and services for consumers and small businesses with annual sales generally up to 10 million. These financial products and services include checking and savings accounts, credit and 

debit cards, as well as home, auto, personal, and small business lending. Table 9a and Table 9b provide additional information for Consumer Banking and Lending. 

Table 9a: Consumer Banking and Lending Income Statement and Selected Metrics Year ended December 31, in millions, unless otherwise noted) 2023 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Income Statement Net interest income 30,185 27,044 3,141 12 22,807 4,237 19 Noninterest income: Deposit-related fees 2,702 3,093 (391) (13) 3,045 48 2 Card fees 3,967 4,067 (100) (2) 3,930 137 3 Mortgage banking 512 1,100 (588) (53) 4,490 (3,390) (76) Other 553 506 47 9 605 (99) (16) Total noninterest income 7,734 8,766 (1,032) (12) 12,070 (3,304) (27) Total revenue 37,919 35,810 2,109 6 34,877 933 3 Net charge-offs 2,784 1,693 1,091 64 1,439 254 18 Change in the allowance for credit losses 515 583 (68) (12) (2,617) 3,200 122 Provision for credit losses 3,299 2,276 1,023 45 (1,178) 3,454 293 Noninterest expense 24,024 26,277 (2,253) (9) 24,648 1,629 7 Income before income tax expense 10,596 7,257 3,339 46 11,407 (4,150) (36) Income tax expense 2,657 1,816 841 46 2,852 (1,036) (36) Net income 7,939 5,441 2,498 46 8,555 (3,114) (36) Revenue by Line of Business Consumer, Small and Business Banking 
 26,384 23,421 2,963 13 18,958 4,463 24 Consumer Lending: Home Lending 3,389 4,221 (832) (20) 8,154 (3,933) (48) Credit Card 5,347 5,271 76 1 4,928 343 7 Auto 1,464 1,716 (252) (15) 1,733 (17) (1) Personal Lending 1,335 1,181 154 13 1,104 77 7 Total revenue 37,919 35,810 2,109 6 34,877 933 3 Selected Metrics Consumer Banking and Lending: Return on allocated capital (1) 17.5 10.8 17.2 Efficiency ratio (2) 63 73 71 Retail bank branches (#, period-end) 
 4,311 4,598 (6) 4,777 (4) Digital active customers (# in millions, period-end) (3) 
 34.8 33.5 4 33.0 2 Mobile active customers (# in millions, period-end) (3) 
 29.9 28.3 6 27.3 4 Consumer, Small and Business Banking: 
 Deposit spread (4) 2.6 2.0 1.5 Debit card purchase volume in billions) (5) 492.8 486.6 6.2 1 471.5 15.1 3 Debit card purchase transactions (# in millions) (5) 10,000 9,852 2 9,808 
 (continued on following page) 
 
 16 
 Wells Fargo Company 

(continued from previous page) 
 Year ended December 31, in millions, unless otherwise noted) 2023 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Home Lending: Mortgage banking: Net servicing income 300 368 (68) (18) 35 333 951 Net gains on mortgage loan originations/sales 212 732 (520) (71) 4,455 (3,723) (84) Total mortgage banking 512 1,100 (588) (53) 4,490 (3,390) (76) Originations in billions): Retail 24.2 64.3 (40.1) (62) 138.5 (74.2) (54) Correspondent 1.1 43.8 (42.7) (97) 66.5 (22.7) (34) Total originations 25.3 108.1 (82.8) (77) 205.0 (96.9) (47) of originations held for sale (HFS) 44.6 52.5 64.6 Third-party mortgage loans serviced in billions, period-end) (6) 
 559.7 679.2 (119.5) (18) 716.8 (37.6) (5) Mortgage servicing rights (MSR) carrying value (period-end) 7,468 9,310 (1,842) (20) 6,920 2,390 35 Ratio of MSR carrying value (period-end) to third-party mortgage loans serviced (period-end) (6) 1.33 1.37 0.97 Home lending loans 30+ days delinquency rate (period-end) (7)(8)(9) 
 0.32 0.31 0.39 Credit Card: Point of sale (POS) volume in billions) 136.4 119.1 17.3 15 95.3 23.8 25 New accounts (# in thousands) 2,547 2,153 18 1,640 31 Credit card loans 30+ days delinquency rate (period-end) (8) 
 2.89 2.08 1.52 Credit card loans 90+ days delinquency rate (period-end) (8) 
 1.48 1.01 0.72 Auto: Auto originations in billions) 17.2 23.1 (5.9) (26) 33.9 (10.8) (32) Auto loans 30+ days delinquency rate (period-end) (8)(9) 
 2.80 2.64 1.84 Personal Lending: New volume in billions) 11.9 12.6 (0.7) (6) 9.8 2.8 29 
 (1) Return on allocated capital is segment net income (loss) applicable to common stock divided by segment average allocated capital. Segment net income (loss) applicable to common stock is segment net income (loss) less allocated preferred stock dividends. 
 (2) Efficiency ratio is segment noninterest expense divided by segment total revenue (net interest income and noninterest income). 
 (3) Digital and mobile active customers is based on the number of consumer and small business customers who have logged on via a digital or mobile device, respectively, in the prior 90 days. Digital active customers includes both online and mobile customers. 
 (4) Deposit spread is (i) the internal funds transfer pricing credit on segment deposits minus interest paid to customers for segment deposits, divided by (ii) average segment deposits. 
 (5) Debit card purchase volume and transactions reflect combined activity for both consumer and business debit card purchases. 
 (6) Excludes residential mortgage loans subserviced for others. 
 (7) Excludes residential mortgage loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). 
 (8) Excludes loans held for sale. 
 (9) Excludes nonaccrual loans. 
 Full year 2023 vs. full year 2022 
 Revenue increased driven by: 
 higher net interest income driven by higher interest rates and deposit spreads, partially offset by lower deposit balances; 
 partially offset by: 
 lower mortgage banking noninterest income due to lower residential mortgage origination volumes related to higher interest rates and our more focused strategy for Home Lending, including our exit from the correspondent business, as well as lower servicing income , including the impact of MSR sales; and 
 lower deposit-related fees reflecting our efforts to help customers avoid overdraft fees . 

Provision for credit losses increased driven by credit card loan growth. 
 
 Noninterest expense decreased due to: 
 lower operating losses driven by lower expense for legal actions and customer remediation activities; and 
 lower personnel expense driven by the impact of efficiency initiatives, as well as lower revenue-related compensation expense due to lower origination volumes in Home Lending; 
 partially offset by: 
 higher advertising costs due to higher marketing volume . 

Wells Fargo Company 17 

Earnings Performance (continued) 

 Table 9b: Consumer Banking and Lending Balance Sheet 
 Year ended December 31, in millions) 
 2023 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Selected Balance Sheet Data (average) Loans by Line of Business: Consumer, Small and Business Banking 
 9,104 10,132 (1,028) (10) 16,625 (6,493) (39) Consumer Lending: Home Lending 219,601 219,157 444 224,446 (5,289) (2) Credit Card 40,530 34,151 6,379 19 29,052 5,099 18 Auto 51,689 55,994 (4,305) (8) 52,293 3,701 7 Personal Lending 14,996 12,999 1,997 15 11,469 1,530 13 Total loans 335,920 332,433 3,487 1 333,885 (1,452) Total deposits 811,091 883,130 (72,039) (8) 834,739 48,391 6 Allocated capital 44,000 48,000 (4,000) (8) 48,000 Selected Balance Sheet Data (period-end) Loans by Line of Business: Consumer, Small and Business Banking 
 9,042 9,704 (662) (7) 11,270 (1,566) (14) Consumer Lending: Home Lending 215,823 223,525 (7,702) (3) 214,407 9,118 4 Credit Card 44,428 38,475 5,953 15 31,671 6,804 21 Auto 48,283 54,281 (5,998) (11) 57,260 (2,979) (5) Personal Lending 15,291 14,544 747 5 11,966 2,578 22 Total loans 332,867 340,529 (7,662) (2) 326,574 13,955 4 Total deposits 782,309 859,695 (77,386) (9) 883,674 (23,979) (3) 
 Full year 2023 vs. full year 2022 
 Total loans (average) increased due to: 
 higher loan balances in our Credit Card business driven by higher point of sale volume and the impact of new product launches; and 
 higher loan balances in our Personal Lending business; 
 partially offset by: 
 a decline in loan balances in our Auto business due to lower origination volumes reflecting credit tightening actions; and 
 a decline in Paycheck Protection Program loans in Consumer, Small and Business Banking. 

Total loans (period-end) decreased driven by: 
 a decline in loan balances in our Home Lending business driven by a decrease in residential mortgage origination volumes related to higher interest rates and our more focused strategy for Home Lending, including our exit from the correspondent business ; and 
 a decline in loan balances in our Auto business due to lower origination volumes reflecting credit tightening actions; 
 partially offset by: 
 higher loan balances in our Credit Card business driven by higher point of sale volume and the impact of new product launches. 
 
 Total deposits (average and period-end) decreased due to consumer deposit outflows on consumer spending, as well as customer migration to higher yielding alternatives. 

18 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Commercial Banking provides financial solutions to private, family owned and certain public companies. Products and services include banking and credit products across multiple 

industry sectors and municipalities, secured lending and lease products, and treasury management. Table 9c and Table 9d provide additional information for Commercial Banking. 

Table 9c: Commercial Banking Income Statement and Selected Metrics 
 Year ended December 31, in millions) 2023 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Income Statement Net interest income 10,034 7,289 2,745 38 4,960 2,329 47 Noninterest income: Deposit-related fees 998 1,131 (133) (12) 1,285 (154) (12) Lending-related fees 531 491 40 8 532 (41) (8) Lease income 644 710 (66) (9) 682 28 4 Other 1,242 1,299 (57) (4) 1,090 209 19 Total noninterest income 3,415 3,631 (216) (6) 3,589 42 1 Total revenue 13,449 10,920 2,529 23 8,549 2,371 28 Net charge-offs 96 4 92 NM 101 (97) (96) Change in the allowance for credit losses (21) (538) 517 96 (1,601) 1,063 66 Provision for credit losses 75 (534) 609 114 (1,500) 966 64 Noninterest expense 6,555 6,058 497 8 5,862 196 3 Income before income tax expense 6,819 5,396 1,423 26 4,187 1,209 29 Income tax expense 1,704 1,366 338 25 1,045 321 31 Less: Net income from noncontrolling interests 11 12 (1) (8) 8 4 50 Net income 5,104 4,018 1,086 27 3,134 884 28 Revenue by Line of Business Middle Market Banking 8,762 6,574 2,188 33 4,642 1,932 42 Asset-Based Lending and Leasing 4,687 4,346 341 8 3,907 439 11 Total revenue 13,449 10,920 2,529 23 8,549 2,371 28 Revenue by Product Lending and leasing 5,314 5,253 61 1 4,835 418 9 Treasury management and payments 6,214 4,483 1,731 39 2,825 1,658 59 Other 1,921 1,184 737 62 889 295 33 Total revenue 13,449 10,920 2,529 23 8,549 2,371 28 Selected Metrics Return on allocated capital 19.1 19.7 15.1 Efficiency ratio 49 55 69 
 NM Not meaningful 
 Full year 2023 vs. full year 2022 
 Revenue increased driven by: 
 higher net interest income reflecting higher interest rates and higher loan balances, partially offset by lower deposit balances; 
 partially offset by: 
 lower deposit-related fees driven by the impact of higher earnings credits, which resulted in lower fees for commercial customers; and 
 lower other noninterest income due to lower net gains from equity securities, partially offset by higher revenue from renewable energy investments. 

Provision for credit losses reflected loan growth. 
 
 Noninterest expense increased due to higher operating costs and personnel expense, including severance expense, partially offset by the impact of efficiency initiatives. 

Wells Fargo Company 19 

Earnings Performance (continued) 

 Table 9d: Commercial Banking Balance Sheet 
 Year ended December 31, in millions) 
 2023 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Selected Balance Sheet Data (average) Loans: Commercial and industrial 164,062 147,379 16,683 11 120,396 26,983 22 Commercial real estate 45,705 45,130 575 1 47,018 (1,888) (4) Lease financing and other 14,335 13,523 812 6 13,823 (300) (2) Total loans 224,102 206,032 18,070 9 181,237 24,795 14 Loans by Line of Business: Middle Market Banking 120,819 114,634 6,185 5 102,882 11,752 11 Asset-Based Lending and Leasing 103,283 91,398 11,885 13 78,355 13,043 17 Total loans 224,102 206,032 18,070 9 181,237 24,795 14 Total deposits 165,235 186,079 (20,844) (11) 197,269 (11,190) (6) Allocated capital 25,500 19,500 6,000 31 19,500 Selected Balance Sheet Data (period-end) Loans: Commercial and industrial 163,797 163,797 131,078 32,719 25 Commercial real estate 45,534 45,816 (282) (1) 45,467 349 1 Lease financing and other 15,443 13,916 1,527 11 13,803 113 1 Total loans 224,774 223,529 1,245 1 190,348 33,181 17 Loans by Line of Business: Middle Market Banking 118,482 121,192 (2,710) (2) 106,834 14,358 13 Asset-Based Lending and Leasing 106,292 102,337 3,955 4 83,514 18,823 23 Total loans 224,774 223,529 1,245 1 190,348 33,181 17 Total deposits 162,526 173,942 (11,416) (7) 205,428 (31,486) (15) 
 Full year 2023 vs. full year 2022 
 Total loans (average) increased driven by loan growth and higher average line utilization in Asset-Based Lending and Leasing. 
 Total loans (period-end) increased driven by loan growth in Asset-Based Lending and Leasing due to an increase in client working capital needs, partially offset by lower line utilization for commercial and industrial loans in Middle Market Banking. 
 Total deposits (average and period-end) decreased due to customer migration to higher yielding alternatives, partially offset by additions of deposits from new and existing customers. 

20 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Corporate and Investment Banking delivers a suite of capital markets, banking, and financial products and services to corporate, commercial real estate, government and institutional clients globally. Products and services include corporate banking, investment banking, treasury management, commercial real 

estate lending and servicing, equity and fixed income solutions as well as sales, trading, and research capabilities. Table 9e and Table 9f provide additional information for Corporate and Investment Banking. 

Table 9e: Corporate and Investment Banking Income Statement and Selected Metrics 
 Year ended December 31, in millions) 2023 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Income Statement Net interest income 9,498 8,733 765 9 7,410 1,323 18 Noninterest income: Deposit-related fees 976 1,068 (92) (9) 1,112 (44) (4) Lending-related fees 790 769 21 3 761 8 1 Investment banking fees 1,738 1,492 246 16 2,405 (913) (38) Net gains from trading activities 4,553 1,886 2,667 141 272 1,614 593 Other 1,636 1,294 342 26 1,879 (585) (31) Total noninterest income 9,693 6,509 3,184 49 6,429 80 1 Total revenue 19,191 15,242 3,949 26 13,839 1,403 10 Net charge-offs 581 (48) 629 NM (22) (26) NM Change in the allowance for credit losses 1,426 (137) 1,563 NM (1,417) 1,280 90 Provision for credit losses 2,007 (185) 2,192 NM (1,439) 1,254 87 Noninterest expense 8,618 7,560 1,058 14 7,200 360 5 Income before income tax expense 8,566 7,867 699 9 8,078 (211) (3) Income tax expense 2,140 1,989 151 8 2,019 (30) (1) Less: Net loss from noncontrolling interests (3) 3 100 Net income 6,426 5,878 548 9 6,062 (184) (3) Revenue by Line of Business Banking: Lending 2,872 2,222 650 29 1,948 274 14 Treasury Management and Payments 3,036 2,369 667 28 1,468 901 61 Investment Banking 1,404 1,206 198 16 1,654 (448) (27) Total Banking 7,312 5,797 1,515 26 5,070 727 14 Commercial Real Estate 5,311 4,534 777 17 3,963 571 14 Markets: Fixed Income, Currencies, and Commodities (FICC) 4,688 3,660 1,028 28 3,710 (50) (1) Equities 1,809 1,115 694 62 897 218 24 Credit Adjustment (CVA/DVA) and Other 65 20 45 225 91 (71) (78) Total Markets 6,562 4,795 1,767 37 4,698 97 2 Other 6 116 (110) (95) 108 8 7 Total revenue 19,191 15,242 3,949 26 13,839 1,403 10 Selected Metrics Return on allocated capital 13.8 15.3 16.9 Efficiency ratio 45 50 52 
 NM Not meaningful 
 Full year 2023 vs. full year 2022 
 Revenue increased driven by: 
 higher net gains from trading activities driven by improved trading results across all asset classes; 
 higher net interest income reflecting higher interest rates; and 
 higher investment banking fees due to increased activity across all products, as well as a write-down on unfunded leveraged finance commitments in 2022. 

Provision for credit losses increased reflecting a 1.6 billion increase in the allowance for credit losses driven by commercial real estate office loans. 
 
 Noninterest expense increased driven by higher operating costs and personnel expense, including severance expense, partially offset by the impact of efficiency initiatives. 

Wells Fargo Company 21 

Earnings Performance (continued) 

 Table 9f: Corporate and Investment Banking Balance Sheet 
 Year ended December 31, in millions) 
 2023 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Selected Balance Sheet Data (average) Loans: Commercial and industrial 191,602 198,424 (6,822) (3) 170,713 27,711 16 Commercial real estate 100,373 98,560 1,813 2 86,323 12,237 14 Total loans 291,975 296,984 (5,009) (2) 257,036 39,948 16 Loans by Line of Business: Banking 95,783 106,440 (10,657) (10) 93,766 12,674 14 Commercial Real Estate 135,702 133,719 1,983 1 110,978 22,741 20 Markets 60,490 56,825 3,665 6 52,292 4,533 9 Total loans 291,975 296,984 (5,009) (2) 257,036 39,948 16 Trading-related assets: Trading account securities 118,130 112,213 5,917 5 110,386 1,827 2 Reverse repurchase agreements/securities borrowed 61,510 50,491 11,019 22 59,044 (8,553) (14) Derivative assets 18,636 27,421 (8,785) (32) 25,315 2,106 8 Total trading-related assets 198,276 190,125 8,151 4 194,745 (4,620) (2) Total assets 553,722 557,396 (3,674) (1) 523,344 34,052 7 Total deposits 162,062 161,720 342 189,176 (27,456) (15) Allocated capital 44,000 36,000 8,000 22 34,000 2,000 6 Selected Balance Sheet Data (period-end) Loans: Commercial and industrial 189,379 196,529 (7,150) (4) 191,391 5,138 3 Commercial real estate 98,053 101,848 (3,795) (4) 92,983 8,865 10 Total loans 287,432 298,377 (10,945) (4) 284,374 14,003 5 Loans by Line of Business: Banking 93,987 101,183 (7,196) (7) 101,926 (743) (1) Commercial Real Estate 131,968 137,495 (5,527) (4) 125,926 11,569 9 Markets 61,477 59,699 1,778 3 56,522 3,177 6 Total loans 287,432 298,377 (10,945) (4) 284,374 14,003 5 Trading-related assets: Trading account securities 115,562 111,801 3,761 3 108,697 3,104 3 Reverse repurchase agreements/securities borrowed 
 63,614 55,407 8,207 15 55,973 (566) (1) Derivative assets 18,023 22,218 (4,195) (19) 21,398 820 4 Total trading-related assets 197,199 189,426 7,773 4 186,068 3,358 2 Total assets 547,203 550,177 (2,974) (1) 546,549 3,628 1 Total deposits 185,142 157,217 27,925 18 168,609 (11,392) (7) 
 Full year 2023 vs. full year 2022 
 Total loans (average and period-end) decreased driven by lower originations. 
 
 Total trading-related assets (average and period-end) increased reflecting: 
 increased volume of reverse repurchase agreements; and 
 higher trading account securities driven by higher mortgage-backed securities; 
 partially offset by: 
 lower trading-related derivative assets due to declines in derivative balances for commodities and equities. 
 
 Total deposits (average and period-end) increased driven by additions of deposits from new and existing customers. 

22 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Wealth and Investment Management provides personalized wealth management, brokerage, financial planning, lending, private banking, trust and fiduciary products and services to affluent, high-net worth and ultra-high-net worth clients. We operate through financial advisors in our brokerage and wealth 

offices, consumer bank branches, independent offices, and digitally through WellsTrade and Intuitive Investor . Table 9g and Table 9h provide additional information for Wealth and Investment Management (WIM). 

Table 9g: Wealth and Investment Management 
 Year ended December 31, in millions, unless otherwise noted) 2023 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Income Statement Net interest income 3,966 3,927 39 1 2,570 1,357 53 Noninterest income: Investment advisory and other asset-based fees 8,446 8,847 (401) (5) 9,574 (727) (8) Commissions and brokerage services fees 2,058 1,931 127 7 2,010 (79) (4) Other 221 117 104 89 192 (75) (39) Total noninterest income 10,725 10,895 (170) (2) 11,776 (881) (7) Total revenue 14,691 14,822 (131) (1) 14,346 476 3 Net charge-offs (1) (7) 6 86 10 (17) NM Change in the allowance for credit losses 7 (18) 25 139 (105) 87 83 Provision for credit losses 6 (25) 31 124 (95) 70 74 Noninterest expense 12,064 11,613 451 4 11,734 (121) (1) Income before income tax expense 2,621 3,234 (613) (19) 2,707 527 19 Income tax expense 657 812 (155) (19) 680 132 19 Net income 1,964 2,422 (458) (19) 2,027 395 19 Selected Metrics Return on allocated capital 30.7 27.1 22.6 Efficiency ratio 82 78 82 Client assets in billions, period-end): Advisory assets 891 797 94 12 964 (167) (17) Other brokerage assets and deposits 1,193 1,064 129 12 1,219 (155) (13) Total client assets 2,084 1,861 223 12 2,183 (322) (15) Selected Balance Sheet Data (average) Total loans 82,755 85,228 (2,473) (3) 82,364 2,864 3 Total deposits 112,069 164,883 (52,814) (32) 176,562 (11,679) (7) Allocated capital 6,250 8,750 (2,500) (29) 8,750 Selected Balance Sheet Data (period-end) Total loans 82,555 84,273 (1,718) (2) 84,101 172 Total deposits 103,902 138,760 (34,858) (25) 192,548 (53,788) (28) NM- Not meaningful 
 Full year 2023 vs. full year 2022 
 Revenue decreased driven by: 
 lower investment advisory and other asset-based fees due to net outflows of advisory assets and lower market valuations; 
 partially offset by: 
 higher commissions and brokerage services fees due to higher service fee rates and higher transactional revenue. 

Noninterest expense increased driven by: 
 higher personnel expense driven by higher revenue-related compensation and severance expense; and 
 higher operating costs; 
 partially offset by: 
 the impact of efficiency initiatives. 
 
 Total deposits (average and period-end) decreased due to customer migration to higher yielding alternatives. 

Wells Fargo Company 23 

Earnings Performance (continued) 

 WIM Advisory Assets In addition to transactional accounts, WIM offers advisory account relationships to brokerage customers. Fees from advisory accounts are based on a percentage of the market value of the assets as of the beginning of the quarter, which vary across the account types based on the distinct services provided, and are affected by investment performance as well as asset inflows and outflows. Advisory accounts include assets that are financial advisor-directed and separately managed by third-party managers as well as certain client-directed brokerage assets where we earn a fee for advisory and other services, but do not have investment discretion. 

WIM also manages personal trust and other assets for high net worth clients, with fee income earned based on a percentage of the market value of these assets. Table 9h presents advisory assets activity by WIM line of business. Management believes that advisory assets is a useful metric because it allows management, investors, and others to assess how changes in asset amounts may impact the generation of certain asset-based fees. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the average fee rate by account type ranged from 50 to 120 basis points. 

Table 9h: WIM Advisory Assets 
 Year ended (in billions) Balance, beginning of period Inflows (1) Outflows (2) Market impact (3) Balance, end 
 of period 
 December 31, 2023 Client-directed (4) 165.2 33.0 (34.7) 21.8 185.3 Financial advisor-directed (5) 222.9 40.3 (38.3) 39.7 264.6 Separate accounts (6) 176.5 24.1 (26.5) 24.3 198.4 Mutual fund advisory (7) 78.6 7.4 (12.8) 10.1 83.3 Total Wells Fargo Advisors 643.2 104.8 (112.3) 95.9 731.6 The Private Bank (8) 153.6 25.0 (34.5) 15.4 159.5 Total WIM advisory assets 796.8 129.8 (146.8) 111.3 891.1 December 31, 2022 Client-directed (4) 205.6 31.8 (39.0) (33.2) 165.2 Financial advisor-directed (5) 255.5 41.6 (44.2) (30.0) 222.9 Separate accounts (6) 203.3 24.6 (26.5) (24.9) 176.5 Mutual fund advisory (7) 102.1 8.7 (15.0) (17.2) 78.6 Total Wells Fargo Advisors 766.5 106.7 (124.7) (105.3) 643.2 The Private Bank (8) 198.0 27.4 (47.1) (24.7) 153.6 Total WIM advisory assets 964.5 134.1 (171.8) (130.0) 796.8 December 31, 2021 Client directed (4) 186.3 41.5 (45.0) 22.8 205.6 Financial advisor directed (5) 211.0 48.7 (41.1) 36.9 255.5 Separate accounts (6) 174.6 31.8 (30.7) 27.6 203.3 Mutual fund advisory (7) 91.4 15.6 (15.0) 10.1 102.1 Total Wells Fargo Advisors 663.3 137.6 (131.8) 97.4 766.5 The Private Bank (8) 189.4 40.0 (51.1) 19.7 198.0 Total WIM advisory assets 852.7 177.6 (182.9) 117.1 964.5 
 (1) Inflows include new advisory account assets, contributions, dividends, and interest. 
 (2) Outflows include closed advisory account assets, withdrawals, and client management fees. 
 (3) Market impact reflects gains and losses on portfolio investments. 
 (4) Investment advice and other services are provided to the client, but decisions are made by the client and the fees earned are based on a percentage of the advisory account assets, not the number and size of transactions executed by the client. 
 (5) Professionally managed portfolios with fees earned based on respective strategies and as a percentage of certain client assets. 
 (6) Professional advisory portfolios managed by third-party asset managers. Fees are earned based on a percentage of certain client assets. 
 (7) Program with portfolios constructed of load-waived, no-load, and institutional share class mutual funds. Fees are earned based on a percentage of certain client assets. 
 (8) Discretionary and non-discretionary portfolios held in personal trusts, investment agency, or custody accounts with fees earned based on a percentage of client assets. 
 24 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Corporate includes corporate treasury and enterprise functions, net of allocations (including funds transfer pricing, capital, liquidity and certain expenses), in support of the reportable operating segments, as well as our investment portfolio and venture capital and private equity investments. Corporate also includes certain lines of business that management has 

determined are no longer consistent with the long-term strategic goals of the Company as well as results for previously divested businesses. In third quarter 2023, we sold investments in certain private equity funds, which had a minimal impact to net income. Table 9i and Table 9j provide additional information for Corporate. 

Table 9i: Corporate Income Statement 
 Year ended December 31, in millions) 
 2023 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Income Statement Net interest income (888) (1,607) 719 45 (1,541) (66) (4) Noninterest income 431 1,192 (761) (64) 10,710 (9,518) (89) Total revenue (457) (415) (42) (10) 9,169 (9,584) NM Net charge-offs (10) (33) 23 70 54 (87) NM Change in the allowance for credit losses 22 35 (13) (37) 3 32 NM Provision for credit losses 12 2 10 500 57 (55) (96) Noninterest expense 4,301 5,697 (1,396) (25) 4,314 1,383 32 Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) 
 (4,770) (6,114) 1,344 22 4,798 (10,912) NM Income tax expense (benefit) 
 (2,355) (1,721) (634) (37) 782 (2,503) NM Less: Net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests (1) 
 (124) (311) 187 60 1,685 (1,996) NM Net income (loss) 
 (2,291) (4,082) 1,791 44 2,331 (6,413) NM 
 NM Not meaningful 
 (1) Reflects results attributable to noncontrolling interests predominantly associated with the Company s consolidated venture capital investments. 
 Full year 2023 vs. full year 2022 
 Revenue decreased driven by: 
 lower other noninterest income reflecting the change in fair value of liabilities associated with our reinsurance business, which was recognized as a result of our adoption of ASU 2018-12 in first quarter 2023. For additional information on our adoption of ASU 2018-12, s ee Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this Report; and 
 lower net gains from debt securities due to lower gains on sales of asset-based securities and municipal bonds in our investment portfolio as a result of decreased sales volumes; 
 partially offset by: 
 higher net interest income reflecting higher interest rates; and 
 higher net gains on equity securities driven by lower impairment of equity securities and higher unrealized gains on marketable equity securities, partially offset by lower unrealized and realized gains on nonmarketable equity securities from our venture capital and private equity investments. 
 
 Noninterest expense decreased driven by: 
 lower operating losses due to lower expense for legal actions; 
 partially offset by: 
 a 1.9 billion FDIC special assessment; and 
 higher personnel expense driven by higher severance expense. 

Corporate includes our rail car leasing business, which had long-lived operating lease assets, net of accumulated depreciation, of 4.6 billion and 4.7 billion as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The average age of our rail cars is 22 years and the rail cars are typically leased to customers under short-term leases of 3 to 5 years. Our four largest concentrations, which represented 66 of our rail car fleet as of December 31, 2023, were rail cars used for the transportation of cement/sand, agricultural grain, plastics, and coal products. We may incur impairment charges in the future based on changing economic and market conditions affecting the long-term demand and utility of specific types of rail cars. Our assumptions for impairment are sensitive to estimated utilization and rental rates as well as the estimated economic life of the leased asset. For additional information on the accounting for impairment of operating lease assets, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) and Note 8 (Leasing Activity) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

Wells Fargo Company 25 

Earnings Performance (continued) 

 Table 9j: Corporate Balance Sheet 
 Year ended December 31, in millions) 
 2023 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Change 2022/ 2021 Selected Balance Sheet Data (average) Cash and due from banks, and interest-earning deposits with banks 153,538 147,192 6,346 4 236,124 (88,932) (38) Available-for-sale debt securities (1) 123,542 124,308 (766) (1) 181,841 (57,533) (32) Held-to-maturity debt securities (1) 267,672 290,087 (22,415) (8) 244,735 45,352 19 Equity securities 15,635 15,695 (60) 12,720 2,975 23 Total loans 9,164 9,143 21 9,766 (623) (6) Total assets 619,002 638,011 (19,009) (3) 743,247 (105,236) (14) Total deposits 95,825 28,457 67,368 237 40,066 (11,609) (29) Selected Balance Sheet Data (period-end) Cash and due from banks, and interest-earning deposits with banks 211,420 127,106 84,314 66 209,696 (82,590) (39) Available-for-sale debt securities (1) 118,923 102,669 16,254 16 165,926 (63,257) (38) Held-to-maturity debt securities (1) 259,748 294,141 (34,393) (12) 269,285 24,856 9 Equity securities 15,810 15,508 302 2 16,549 (1,041) (6) Total loans 9,054 9,163 (109) (1) 9,997 (834) (8) Total assets 674,075 601,218 72,857 12 721,340 (120,122) (17) Total deposits 124,294 54,371 69,923 129 32,220 22,151 69 
 (1) In first quarter 2023, we reclassified HTM debt securities with a fair value of 23.2 billion to AFS debt securities in connection with the adoption of ASU 2022-01 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Fair Value Hedging Portfolio Layer Method . For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 Full year 2023 vs. full year 2022 
 Total assets (period-end) increased driven by: 
 an increase in cash and due from banks, and interest-earning deposits with banks that are managed by corporate treasury as a result of an increase in issuances of certificates of deposits (CDs) and long-term debt, partially offset by a reduction in deposits held by our operating segments; and 
 sales of and net unrealized losses on AFS debt securities. 
 
 Total deposits (average and period-end) increased driven by issuances of CDs. 

26 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Balance Sheet Analysis 
 At December 31, 2023, our assets totaled 1.93 trillion, up 51.4 billion from December 31, 2022. 
 The following discussion provides additional information about the major components of our consolidated balance sheet. See the Capital Management section in this Report for information on changes in our equity. 
 Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities 

Table 10: Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 in millions) Amortized cost, net (1) Net unrealized gains (losses) Fair value Weighted average expected maturity (yrs) Amortized cost, net (1) Net unrealized gains (losses) Fair value Weighted average expected maturity (yrs) Available-for-sale (2) 137,155 (6,707) 130,448 4.7 121,725 (8,131) 113,594 5.4 Held-to-maturity (3) 262,708 (35,392) 227,316 7.6 297,059 (41,538) 255,521 8.1 Total 
 399,863 (42,099) 357,764 n/a 
 418,784 (49,669) 369,115 n/a 
 
 (1) Represents amortized cost of the securities, net of the allowance for credit losses of 1 million and 6 million related to available-for-sale debt securities and 93 million and 85 million related to held-to-maturity debt securities at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) Available-for-sale debt securities are carried on our consolidated balance sheet at fair value. 
 (3) Held-to-maturity debt securities are carried on our consolidated balance sheet at amortized cost, net of the allowance for credit losses. 
 Table 10 presents a summary of our portfolio of investments in available-for-sale (AFS) and held-to-maturity (HTM) debt securities. The size and composition of our AFS and HTM debt securities is dependent upon the Company s liquidity and interest rate risk management objectives. The AFS debt securities portfolio can be used to meet funding needs that arise in the normal course of business or due to market stress. Changes in our interest rate risk profile may occur due to changes in overall economic or market conditions, which could influence loan origination demand, prepayment rates, or deposit balances and mix. In response, the AFS debt securities portfolio can be rebalanced to meet the Company s interest rate risk management objectives. In addition to meeting liquidity and interest rate risk management objectives, the AFS and HTM debt securities portfolios may provide yield enhancement over other short-term assets. See the Risk Management Asset/Liability Management section in this Report for additional information on liquidity and interest rate risk. 
 The AFS debt securities portfolio predominantly consists of liquid, high-quality U.S. Treasury and federal agency debt, and agency mortgage-backed securities (MBS). The portfolio also includes securities issued by U.S. states and political subdivisions and highly rated collateralized loan obligations (CLOs). 
 The HTM debt securities portfolio predominantly consists of liquid, high-quality U.S. Treasury and federal agency debt, and agency MBS. The portfolio also includes securities issued by U.S. states and political subdivisions and highly rated CLOs. Debt securities are classified as HTM at the time of purchase or when transferred from the AFS debt securities portfolio. Our intent is to hold these securities to maturity and collect the contractual cash flows. In first quarter 2023, we changed our intent with respect to certain HTM debt securities and reclassified them to AFS debt securities in connection with the adoption of ASU 2022-01, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Fair Value Hedging Portfolio Layer Method. For additional information on our adoption of ASU 2022-01, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

The amortized cost, net of the allowance for credit losses, of AFS and HTM debt securities decreased from December 31, 2022. Purchases of AFS and HTM debt securities were more than offset by paydowns and maturities, as well as sales of AFS debt securities. We reclassified HTM debt securities with an aggregate fair value of 23.2 billion and amortized cost of 23.9 billion to AFS debt securities in 2023 in connection with the adoption of ASU 2022-01 . In addition, we transferred AFS debt securities with a fair value of 3.7 billion to HTM debt securities in 2023 due to actions taken to reposition the overall portfolio for capital management purposes. Debt securities transferred from AFS to HTM in 2023 had 320 million of pre-tax unrealized losses at the time of the transfers. 
 The total net unrealized losses on AFS and HTM debt securities decreased from December 31, 2022, due to changes in interest rates. 
 At December 31, 2023, 99 of the combined AFS and HTM debt securities portfolio was rated AA- or above. Ratings are based on external ratings where available and, where not available, based on internal credit grades. See Note 3 (Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information on AFS and HTM debt securities, including a summary of debt securities by security type. 

Wells Fargo Company 27 

Balance Sheet Analysis (continued) 

Loan Portfolios 
 Table 11 provides a summary of total outstanding loans by portfolio segment. Commercial loans decreased from December 31, 2022, due to decreases in both the commercial and industrial and commercial real estate loan portfolios 

as paydowns exceeded originations and advances. Consumer loans decreased from December 31, 2022, as increases in the credit card portfolio were more than offset by decreases in the residential mortgage loan portfolio as well as the auto loan portfolio. 

Table 11: Loan Portfolios 
 in millions) Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Change Change Commercial 547,427 557,516 (10,089) (2) Consumer 389,255 398,355 (9,100) (2) Total loans 936,682 955,871 (19,189) (2) 
 Average loan balances and a comparative detail of average loan balances is included in Table 3 under Earnings Performance Net Interest Income earlier in this Report. Additional information on total loans outstanding by portfolio segment and class of financing receivable is included in the Risk Management Credit Risk Management section in this Report. Period-end balances and other loan related information are in Note 5 (Loans 

and Related Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 
 Table 12 shows loan maturities based on contractually scheduled repayment timing and the distribution by changes in interest rates for loans with a contractual maturity greater than one year. Nonaccrual loans and loans with indeterminate maturities have been classified as maturing within one year. 

Table 12: Loan Maturities 
 
 December 31, 2023 Loan maturities Loans maturing after one year (in millions) Within one year After one year through five years After five years through fifteen years After fifteen years Total Fixed interest rates Floating/variable interest rates Commercial and industrial 134,720 224,669 19,883 1,116 380,388 23,899 221,769 Commercial real estate 51,726 80,164 17,265 1,461 150,616 18,428 80,462 Lease financing 3,697 10,782 1,892 52 16,423 12,649 77 Total commercial 190,143 315,615 39,040 2,629 547,427 54,976 302,308 Residential mortgage 10,085 30,044 87,401 133,194 260,724 176,485 74,154 Credit card 52,230 52,230 Auto 12,205 34,132 1,425 47,762 35,557 Other consumer 23,421 4,582 516 20 28,539 4,498 620 Total consumer 97,941 68,758 89,342 133,214 389,255 216,540 74,774 Total loans 288,084 384,373 128,382 135,843 936,682 271,516 377,082 
 
 Deposits 
 Deposits decreased from December 31, 2022, reflecting: 
 customer migration to higher yielding alternatives; and 
 consumer deposit outflows on consumer spending; 
 partially offset by: 
 higher time deposits driven by issuances of CDs. 

Table 13 provides additional information regarding deposit balances. Information regarding the impact of deposits on net interest income and a comparison of average deposit balances is provided in the Earnings Performance Net Interest Income section and Table 3 earlier in this Report. Our average deposit cost in fourth quarter 2023 increased to 1.58 , compared with 0.46 in fourth quarter 2022, as a result of higher interest rates and shifts in deposit mix. 

Table 13: Deposits 
 in millions) Dec 31, 2023 of 
 total 
 deposits 
 Dec 31, 2022 of total deposits Change Change Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 360,279 26 458,010 33 (97,731) (21) Interest-bearing demand deposits 436,908 32 428,877 31 8,031 2 Savings deposits 349,181 26 410,139 30 (60,958) (15) Time deposits 187,989 14 66,197 5 121,792 184 Interest-bearing deposits in non-U.S. offices 23,816 2 20,762 1 3,054 15 Total deposits 1,358,173 100 1,383,985 100 (25,812) (2) 
 28 
 Wells Fargo Company 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, total deposits that exceed FDIC insurance limits, or are otherwise uninsured, were estimated to be 505 billion and 510 billion, respectively. Estimated uninsured domestic deposits reflect amounts disclosed in the U.S. regulatory reports of our subsidiary banks, with adjustments for amounts related to consolidated 

subsidiaries. All non-U.S. deposits are treated for these purposes as uninsured. 
 Table 14 presents the contractual maturities of estimated time deposits that exceed FDIC insurance limits, or are otherwise uninsured. All non-U.S. time deposits are uninsured. 

Table 14: Uninsured Time Deposits by Maturity 
 (in millions) Three months or less After three months through six months After six months through twelve months After twelve months Total December 31, 2023 Domestic time deposits 12,625 11,016 21,000 644 45,285 Non-U.S. time deposits 1,675 692 1,911 4,278 Total 14,300 11,708 22,911 644 49,563 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 In the ordinary course of business, we engage in financial transactions that are not recorded on our consolidated balance sheet, or may be recorded on our consolidated balance sheet in amounts that are different from the full contract or notional amount of the transaction. Our off-balance sheet arrangements include unfunded credit commitments, transactions with unconsolidated entities, guarantees, commitments to purchase debt and equity securities, derivatives, and other commitments. These transactions are designed to (1) meet the financial needs of customers, (2) manage our credit, market or liquidity risks, and/or (3) diversify our funding sources. 
 
 Unfunded Credit Commitments 
 Unfunded credit commitments are legally binding agreements to lend to customers with terms covering usage of funds, contractual interest rates, expiration dates, and any required collateral. The maximum credit risk for these commitments will generally be lower than the contractual amount because these commitments may expire without being used or may be cancelled at the customer s request. Our credit risk monitoring activities include managing the amount of commitments, both to individual customers and in total, and the size and maturity structure of these commitments. For additional information, see Note 5 (Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 
 Transactions with Unconsolidated Entities 
 In the normal course of business, we enter into various types of on- and off-balance sheet transactions with special purpose entities (SPEs), which are corporations, trusts, limited liability companies or partnerships that are established for a limited purpose. Generally, SPEs are formed in connection with securitization transactions and are considered variable interest entities (VIEs). For additional information, see Note 16 (Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

Guarantees and Other Arrangements 
 Guarantees are contracts that contingently require us to make payments to a guaranteed party based on an event or a change in an underlying asset, liability, rate or index. Guarantees are generally in the form of standby and direct pay letters of credit, written options, recourse obligations, exchange and clearing house guarantees, indemnifications, and other types of similar arrangements. For additional information, see Note 17 (Guarantees and Other Commitments) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 
 Commitments to Purchase Debt and Equity Securities 
 We enter into commitments to purchase securities under resale agreements. We also may enter into commitments to purchase debt and equity securities to provide capital for customers funding, liquidity or other future needs. For additional information, see Note 17 (Guarantees and Other Commitments) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 
 Derivatives 
 We use derivatives to manage exposure to market risk, including interest rate risk, credit risk and foreign currency risk, and to assist customers with their risk management objectives. Derivatives are recorded on our consolidated balance sheet at fair value, and volume can be measured in terms of the notional amount, which is generally not exchanged, but is used only as the basis on which interest and other payments are determined. The notional amount is not recorded on our consolidated balance sheet and is not, when viewed in isolation, a meaningful measure of the risk profile of the instruments. For additional information, see Note 14 (Derivatives) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

Wells Fargo Company 29 

Risk Management 
 Wells Fargo manages a variety of risks that can significantly affect our financial performance and our ability to meet the expectations of our customers, shareholders, regulators and other stakeholders. 
 
 Risk is Part of our Business Model. Risk is the possibility of an event occurring that could adversely affect the Company s ability to achieve its strategic and business objectives. The Company routinely takes risks to achieve its business goals and to serve its customers. These risks include financial risks, such as interest rate, credit, liquidity, and market risks, and non-financial risks, such as operational (which includes compliance and model risks), strategic and reputation risks. 
 
 Risk Profile. The Company s risk profile is an assessment of the aggregate risks associated with the Company s exposures and business activities after taking into consideration risk management effectiveness. The Company monitors its risk profile, and the Board reviews risk profile reports and analysis. 
 
 Risk Capacity. Risk capacity is the maximum level of risk that the Company could assume given its current level of resources before triggering regulatory and other constraints on its capital and liquidity needs. 
 
 Risk Appetite. Risk appetite is the nature and level of risk the Company is willing to take, within its risk capacity, while pursuing its strategic and business objectives. Risk appetite is articulated in our Statement of Risk Appetite, which establishes acceptable risks and at what level and includes risk appetite principles. The Company s Statement of Risk Appetite is defined by senior management, approved at least annually by the Board, and helps guide the Company s business and risk leaders. The Company continuously monitors its risk appetite, and the Board reviews reports which include risk appetite information and analysis. 
 
 Risk and Strategy. The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) drives the Company s strategic planning process, which identifies the Company s most significant opportunities and challenges, develops plans to address them, evaluates the risks of those plans, and articulates the resulting decisions in the form of a company-wide strategic plan. The Company s risk profile, risk capacity, risk appetite, and risk management effectiveness are considered in the strategic planning process, which is linked with the Company s capital planning process. The Company s Independent Risk Management (IRM) organization participates in strategic planning, providing challenge to and independent assessment of the risks associated with strategic initiatives. IRM also independently assesses and challenges the impact of the strategic plan on risk capacity, risk appetite, and risk management effectiveness at the principal lines of business, enterprise functions, and aggregate Company levels. The strategic plan is presented to the Board each year with IRM s evaluation. 
 
 Risk and Climate Change. The Company views climate change as a global challenge that presents significant impacts for businesses and communities around the world. The Company expects that climate change will increasingly impact the risk types it manages, and the Company continues to integrate climate considerations into its risk management framework as its understanding of climate change and risks driven by it evolve. 

Risk is Managed by Everyone. Every employee, in the course of their daily activities, creates risk and is responsible for managing risk. Every employee has a role to play in risk management, including establishing and maintaining the Company s risk and control environment. Every employee must comply with applicable laws, regulations, and Company policies. 
 
 Risk and Culture. Senior management sets the tone at the top by supporting a strong culture, defined by the Company s expectations and Code of Conduct, that guides how employees conduct themselves and make decisions. The Board is responsible for holding senior management accountable for establishing and maintaining this culture and effectively managing risk. Senior management expects employees to speak up when they see something that could cause harm to the Company s customers, communities, employees, shareholders, 
 or reputation. Because risk management is everyone s responsibility, all employees are empowered to and expected to challenge risk decisions when appropriate and to escalate their concerns when they have not been addressed. The Company s performance management and incentive compensation programs are designed to establish a balanced framework for risk and reward under core principles that employees are expected to know and practice. The Board, through its Human Resources Committee, plays an important role in overseeing and providing credible challenge to the Company s performance management and incentive compensation programs. Effective risk management is a central component of employee performance evaluations. 
 
 Risk Management Framework. The Company s risk management framework sets forth the Company s core principles for managing and governing its risk. It is approved by the Board s Risk Committee and reviewed and updated annually. Many other documents and policies flow from its core principles. 
 
 Wells Fargo s top priority is to strengthen our company by building an appropriate risk and control infrastructure. We continue to enhance and mature our risk management programs, including operational and compliance risk management programs as required by the FRB s February 2, 2018, and the CFPB/OCC s April 20, 2018, consent orders. 
 Risk Governance 
 Role of the Board. The Board oversees the Company s business, including its risk management. It assesses senior management s performance and holds senior management accountable for maintaining and adhering to an effective risk management program. 
 
 Board Committee Structure. The Board carries out its risk oversight responsibilities directly and through its committees. The Risk Committee reviews and approves the Company s risk management framework and oversees management s implementation of the framework, including how the Company manages and governs risk. The Risk Committee also oversees the Company s adherence to its risk appetite. In addition, the Risk Committee supports the stature, authority and independence of IRM and oversees and receives reports on its operation. The Chief Risk Officer (CRO) reports functionally to the Risk Committee and administratively to the CEO. 

30 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Management Committee Structure. The Company has established management committees, including those focused on risk, that support management in carrying out its governance and risk management responsibilities. One type of management committee is a governance committee, which is a decision-making body that operates for a particular purpose and may report to a Board committee. 
 Each management governance committee, in accordance with its charter, is expected to discuss, document, and make decisions regarding high priority and significant risks, emerging 

risks, risk acceptances, and risks and issues escalated to it; review and monitor progress related to critical and high-risk issues and remediation efforts, including lessons learned; and report key challenges, decisions, escalations, other actions, and open issues as appropriate. 
 Table 15 presents, as of December 31, 2023, the structure of the Company s Board committees and escalation paths of relevant management governance committees reporting to a Board committee. 

Table 15: Board and Relevant Management-level Governance Committee Structure 
 Wells Fargo Company 
 Audit Committee (1) Finance Committee 
 Corporate Responsibility Committee Risk 
 Committee 
 Governance Nominating Committee Human Resources Committee Management Governance Committees Disclosure Committee Capital Management Committee Allowance for Credit Losses Approval Governance Committee Enterprise Risk Control Committee Incentive Compensation Performance Management Committee Regulatory Reporting Oversight Committee Corporate Asset/Liability Committee Risk Control Committees Recovery Resolution Committee 
 Risk Type Committees Risk Topic Committees 
 (1) The Audit Committee assists the Board in its oversight of the Company s financial statements and disclosures to shareholders and regulatory agencies; oversees the internal audit function and external auditor independence, activities, and performance; and assists the Board and the Risk Committee in the oversight of the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. 
 Management Governance Committees Reporting to the Risk Committee of the Board. The Enterprise Risk Control Committee (ERCC) is a decision-making and escalation body that governs the management of all risk types. The ERCC receives information about risk and control issues, addresses escalated risks and issues, and actively oversees risk controls. The ERCC also makes decisions related to significant risks and changes to the Company s risk appetite. The Risk Committee receives regular updates from the ERCC chairs and senior management regarding current and emerging risks and senior management s assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s risk management program. 
 The ERCC is co-chaired by the CEO and CRO, with membership comprising the heads of principal lines of business and certain enterprise functions. The Chief Auditor or a designee attends all meetings of the ERCC. The ERCC has a direct escalation path to the Risk Committee. The ERCC also has an escalation path for certain human capital risks and issues to the Human Resources Committee. In addition, the CRO may escalate directly to the Board. Risks and issues are escalated to the ERCC in accordance with the Company s escalation management policy. 
 Each principal line of business and enterprise function has a risk and control committee, which is a management governance committee with a mandate that aligns with the ERCC but with its scope limited to the respective principal line of business or 

enterprise function. These committees focus on and consider risks that the respective principal line of business or enterprise function generate and manage, and the controls the principal line of business or enterprise function are expected to have in place. 
 As a complement to these risk and control committees, management governance committees dedicated to specific risk types and risk topics also report to the ERCC to enable more comprehensive governance of risks. 
 
 Risk Operating Model Roles and Responsibilities 
 The Company has three lines of defense for managing risk: the Front Line, Independent Risk Management, and Internal Audit. 
 Front Line The Front Line, which comprises principal line of business and certain enterprise function activities, is the first line of defense. The Front Line is responsible for understanding the risks generated by its activities, applying adequate controls, and managing risk in the course of its business activities. The Front Line identifies, measures and assesses, controls, monitors, and reports on risk generated by or associated with its business activities and balances risk and reward in decision making while operating within the Company s risk appetite. 
 Independent Risk Management IRM is the second line of defense. It establishes and maintains the Company s risk management program and provides oversight, including challenge to and independent assessment and monitoring 

Wells Fargo Company 31 

Risk Management continued 

 of, the Front Line s execution of its risk management responsibilities. 
 Internal Audit Internal Audit is the third line of defense. It is responsible for acting as an independent assurance function and validates that the risk management program is adequately designed and functioning effectively. 
 Risk Type Classifications 
 The Company uses common classifications, hierarchies, and ratings to enable consistency across risk management programs and aggregation of information. Risk type classifications permit the Company to identify and prioritize its risk exposures, including emerging risk exposures. 
 
 Operational Risk Management 
 Operational risk, which in addition to those discussed in this section, includes compliance risk and model risk, is the risk resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from external events. 
 The Board s Risk Committee has primary oversight responsibility for operational risk, including significant supporting programs and/or policies regarding the Company s business resiliency and disaster recovery, change management, data management, information security, technology, and third-party risk management. As part of its oversight responsibilities, the Board s Risk Committee reviews and approves significant operational risk policies and oversees the Company s operational risk management program. 
 At the management level, Operational Risk Management, which is part of IRM, has oversight responsibility for operational risk. Operational Risk Management reports to the CRO and provides periodic reports related to operational risk to the Board s Risk Committee. Operational Risk Management s oversight responsibilities include change management risk, data management risk, fraud risk, human capital risk, information management risk, information security risk, technology risk, and third-party risk. 
 
 Information Security Risk Management. Information security risk, which includes cybersecurity risk, is a significant operational risk for financial institutions such as Wells Fargo and includes the risk arising from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction of information or information systems. 
 The Board s Risk Committee has primary oversight responsibility for information security risk and approves the Company s information security program, which includes information protection and cyber resiliency. The Risk Committee receives regular reports from the Company s Head of Technology, as well as from Operational Risk Management representatives, on information security risks, and the Board receives a report from the Head of Technology on Wells Fargo s information security program and receives reports from management on significant information security developments, including certain incidents involving third parties. 
 As described above, at the management level, Operational Risk Management has oversight responsibility for information security risk. As a second line of defense, Operational Risk Management reviews and provides guidance to the Front Line technology team, including with respect to the development and maintenance of risk management policies, governance documents, processes, and controls, and oversees and challenges the Front Line technology team s risk assessment activities. 
 The Company s cybersecurity team, which is part of the broader technology team, provides Front Line information 

security risk assessment and management and is responsible for protecting the Company s information systems, networks, and data, including customer and employee data, through the design, execution, and oversight of our information security program. 
 The technology team is led by the Company s Head of Technology, who reports to the CEO and leads our efforts to manage information security and related risks across the enterprise, including overseeing the Company s Chief Information Security Officer (CISO). Our Head of Technology has nearly 20 years of technology and information security risk management experience in the financial services industry, including prior roles with Wells Fargo as Chief Information Officer for the Consumer Technology group and the Enterprise Functions Technology group. Prior to joining Wells Fargo, our Head of Technology served as Chief Operations and Technology Officer at a financing and investment solutions company, and prior to that served in several technology leadership roles at large financial institutions. 
 The Company has processes designed to prevent, detect, mitigate, escalate, and remediate cybersecurity incidents, including monitoring of the Company s networks for actual or potential attacks or breaches. The Company s incident response program includes notification, escalation, and remediation protocols for cybersecurity incidents, including to our Head of Technology and CISO. In addition, to help monitor and assess our exposure to ongoing and evolving risks in these areas, the Company has a cyber and information security focused risk committee led by the CISO and a technology risk committee led by the Head of Technology. 
 Additional components of the Company s information security program include: (i) enhancing and strengthening of our practices, policies, and procedures in response to the evolving information security landscape; (ii) designing our information security program to align with regulatory and industry standards; (iii) investing in emerging technologies to proactively monitor new vulnerabilities and reduce risk; (iv) conducting periodic internal and third-party assessments to test our information security systems and controls; (v) leveraging third-party specialists and advisors to review and strengthen our information security program; (vi) evaluating and updating our incident response planning and protocols; and (vii) requiring employees and third-party service providers who have access to our systems to complete annual information security training modules designed to provide guidance for identifying and avoiding information security risks. 
 In addition, Operational Risk Management oversees the Company s third-party risk management program, which, among other things, is designed to identify and address information security risks arising from third-party service providers. Components of this program include incorporating information security and cybersecurity incident notification requirements into contracts with third-party service providers, requiring third parties to adhere to defined information security and control standards, and performing periodic third-party risk assessments. 
 Wells Fargo and other financial institutions, as well as our third-party service providers, continue to be the target of various evolving and adaptive information security threats, including cyber attacks, malware, ransomware, other malicious software intended to exploit hardware or software vulnerabilities, phishing, credential validation, and distributed denial-of-service, in an effort to disrupt the operations of financial institutions, test their cybersecurity capabilities, commit fraud, or obtain confidential, proprietary or other information. Cyber attacks have also focused on targeting online applications and services, such as online banking, as well as cloud-based and other products 

32 
 Wells Fargo Company 

and services provided by third parties, and have targeted the infrastructure of the internet causing the widespread unavailability of websites and degrading website performance. As a result, information security and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and systems designed to protect our networks, computers, software and data from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for Wells Fargo. Wells Fargo is also involved in industry cybersecurity efforts and working with other parties, including our third-party service providers and governmental agencies, to continue to enhance defenses and improve resiliency to information security threats. See the Risk Factors section in this Report for additional information regarding the risks and potential impacts associated with a failure or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, including as a result of cyber attacks or other information security incidents. 
 Compliance Risk Management 
 Compliance risk (a type of operational risk) is the risk resulting from the failure to comply with laws (legislation, regulations and rules) and regulatory guidance, and the failure to appropriately address associated impact, including to customers. Compliance risk encompasses violations of applicable internal policies, program requirements, procedures, and standards related to ethical principles applicable to the Company. 
 The Board s Risk Committee has primary oversight responsibility for all aspects of compliance risk, including financial crimes risk. As part of its oversight responsibilities, the Board s Risk Committee reviews and approves significant supporting compliance risk and financial crimes risk policies and programs and oversees the Company s compliance risk management and financial crimes risk management programs. 
 Conduct risk, a sub-category of compliance risk, is the risk of inappropriate, unethical, or unlawful behavior on the part of employees or individuals acting on behalf of the Company, caused by deliberate or unintentional actions or business practices. In connection with its oversight of conduct risk, the Board oversees the alignment of employee conduct to the Company s risk appetite (which the Board approves annually). The Board s Risk Committee has primary oversight responsibility for conduct risk and risk management components of the Company s culture, while the responsibilities of the Board s Human Resources Committee include oversight of the Company s culture, Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, 
 human capital management (including talent management and succession planning), performance management program, and incentive compensation risk management program. 
 At the management level, the Compliance function, which is part of IRM, monitors the implementation of the Company s compliance and conduct risk programs. Financial Crimes Risk Management, which is part of the Compliance function, oversees and monitors financial crimes risk. The Compliance function reports to the CRO and provides periodic reports related to compliance risk to the Board s Risk Committee. 
 Model Risk Management 
 Model risk (a type of operational risk) is the risk arising from the potential for adverse consequences of decisions made based on model output that may be incorrect or used inappropriately. 
 The Board s Risk Committee has primary oversight responsibility for model risk. As part of its oversight responsibilities, the Board s Risk Committee oversees the Company s model risk management policy, model governance, model performance, model issue remediation status, and adherence to model risk appetite metrics. 

At the management level, the Model Risk function, which is part of IRM, has oversight responsibility for model risk and is responsible for governance, validation and monitoring of model risk across the Company. The Model Risk function reports to the CRO and provides periodic reports related to model risk to the Board s Risk Committee. 
 
 Strategic Risk Management 
 Strategic risk is the risk to earnings, capital, or liquidity arising from adverse business decisions, improper implementation of strategic initiatives, or inadequate responses to changes in the external operating environment. 
 The Board has primary oversight responsibility for strategic planning and oversees management s development and implementation of and approves the Company s strategic plan, and considers whether it is aligned with the Company s risk appetite and risk management effectiveness. Management develops, executes and recommends significant strategic corporate transactions and the Board evaluates management s proposals, including their impact on the Company s risk profile and financial position. The Board s Risk Committee has primary oversight responsibility for the Company s strategic risk and the adequacy of the Company s strategic risk management program, including associated risk management practices, processes and controls. 
 At the management level, the Strategic Risk Oversight function, which is part of IRM, has oversight responsibility for strategic risk. The Strategic Risk Oversight function reports into the CRO and supports periodic reports related to strategic risk provided to the Board s Risk Committee. 
 Reputation Risk Management 
 Reputation risk is the risk arising from the potential that negative stakeholder opinion or negative publicity regarding the Company s business practices, whether true or not, will adversely impact current or projected financial conditions and resilience, cause a decline in the customer base, or result in costly litigation. Key stakeholders include customers, employees, communities, shareholders, regulators, elected officials, advocacy groups, and media organizations. 
 The Board s Risk Committee has primary oversight responsibility for reputation risk, while each Board committee has reputation risk oversight responsibilities related to their primary oversight responsibilities. As part of its oversight responsibilities, the Board s Risk Committee receives reports from management that help it monitor how effectively the Company is managing reputation risk. As part of its oversight responsibilities for social and public responsibility matters, the Board s Corporate Responsibility Committee receives reports from management relating to stakeholder perceptions of the Company. 
 At the management level, the Reputation Risk Oversight function, which is part of IRM, has oversight responsibility for reputation risk. The Reputation Risk Oversight function reports into the CRO and supports periodic reports related to reputation risk provided to the Board s Risk Committee. 

Credit Risk Management 
 Credit risk is the risk of loss associated with a borrower or counterparty default (failure to meet obligations in accordance with agreed upon terms). Credit risk exists with many of the Company s assets and exposures such as debt security holdings, certain derivatives, and loans. 
 The Board s Risk Committee has primary oversight responsibility for credit risk. A Credit Subcommittee of the Risk 

Wells Fargo Company 33 

Risk Management Credit Risk Management (continued) 

Committee assists the Risk Committee in providing oversight of credit risk. At the management level, Corporate Credit Risk, which is part of Independent Risk Management, has oversight responsibility for credit risk. Corporate Credit Risk reports to the CRO and supports periodic reports related to credit risk provided to the Board s Risk Committee or its Credit Subcommittee. 
 
 Loan Portfolio Our loan portfolios represent the largest component of assets on our consolidated balance sheet for which we have credit risk. Table 16 presents our total loans outstanding by portfolio segment and class of financing receivable. 
 
 Table 16: Total Loans Outstanding by Portfolio Segment and Class of Financing Receivable 
 (in millions) 
 Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Commercial and industrial 380,388 386,806 Commercial real estate 150,616 155,802 Lease financing 16,423 14,908 Total commercial 547,427 557,516 Residential mortgage 260,724 269,117 Credit card 52,230 46,293 Auto 47,762 53,669 Other consumer 28,539 29,276 Total consumer 389,255 398,355 Total loans 936,682 955,871 
 We manage our credit risk by establishing what we believe are sound credit policies for underwriting new business, while monitoring and reviewing the performance of our existing loan portfolios. We employ various credit risk management and monitoring activities to mitigate risks associated with multiple risk factors affecting loans we hold including: 
 Loan concentrations and related credit quality; 
 Counterparty credit risk; 
 Economic and market conditions; 
 Legislative or regulatory mandates; 
 Changes in interest rates; 
 Merger and acquisition activities; and 
 Reputation risk. 
 
 In addition, the Company will continue to integrate climate considerations into its credit risk management activities. 
 Our credit risk management oversight process is governed centrally, but provides for direct management and accountability by our lines of business. Our overall credit process includes comprehensive credit policies, disciplined credit underwriting, frequent and detailed risk measurement and modeling, extensive credit training programs, and a continual loan review and audit process. 
 A key to our credit risk management is adherence to a well-controlled underwriting process, which we believe is appropriate for the needs of our customers as well as investors who purchase the loans or securities collateralized by the loans. 

Credit Quality Overview Table 17 provides credit quality trends . 
 Table 17: Credit Quality Overview 
 in millions) 
 Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Nonaccrual loans Commercial loans 4,914 1,823 Consumer loans 3,342 3,803 Total nonaccrual loans 8,256 5,626 Nonaccrual loans as a of total loans 0.88 0.59 Allowance for credit losses (ACL) for loans 15,088 13,609 ACL for loans as a of total loans 1.61 1.42 Net loan charge-offs as a of: Average commercial loans 0.17 0.01 Average consumer loans 0.65 0.39 
 Additional information on our loan portfolios and our credit quality trends follows. 

Significant Loan Portfolio Reviews Our credit risk monitoring process is designed to enable early identification of developing risk and to support our determination of an appropriate allowance for credit losses. The following discussion provides additional characteristics and analysis of our significant portfolios. See Note 5 (Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report for more analysis and credit metric information for each of the following portfolios. 
 
 COMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL LOANS AND LEASE FINANCING 
 For purposes of portfolio risk management, we aggregate commercial and industrial loans and lease financing according to market segmentation and standard industry codes. We generally subject commercial and industrial loans and lease financing to individual risk assessment using our internal borrower and collateral quality ratings. Our ratings are aligned to regulatory definitions of pass and criticized categories with criticized segmented among special mention, substandard, doubtful, and loss categories. 
 We had 14.6 billion of the commercial and industrial loans and lease financing portfolio internally classified as criticized in accordance with regulatory guidance at December 31, 2023, compared with 12.6 billion at December 31, 2022. The increase was driven by the technology, telecom and media, and retail industries. 
 The majority of our commercial and industrial loans and lease financing portfolio is secured by short-term assets, such as accounts receivable, inventory and debt securities, as well as long-lived assets, such as equipment and other business assets. Generally, the primary source of repayment for this portfolio is the operating cash flows of customers, with the collateral securing this portfolio representing a secondary source of repayment. 
 The portfolio decreased at December 31, 2023, compared with December 31, 2022, as a result of paydowns and decreased loan draws. Table 18 provides our commercial and industrial loans and lease financing by industry. The industry categories are based on the North American Industry Classification System. 

34 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Table 18: Commercial and Industrial Loans and Lease Financing by Industry 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 in millions) Nonaccrual loans Loans outstanding balance of total loans Total commitments (1) Nonaccrual loans Loans outstanding balance of total loans Total commitments (1) Financials except banks 9 146,635 16 234,513 44 147,171 15 229,822 Technology, telecom and media 60 25,460 3 59,216 31 27,767 3 66,340 Real estate and construction 55 24,987 3 54,345 73 24,478 3 56,393 Retail 72 19,596 2 48,829 47 19,487 2 49,334 Equipment, machinery and parts manufacturing 37 24,785 3 48,265 83 23,675 2 47,507 Materials and commodities 112 14,235 2 37,758 86 16,610 2 39,667 Food and beverage manufacturing 15 16,047 2 33,957 17 17,393 2 33,951 Oil, gas and pipelines 2 10,730 1 32,544 55 9,991 1 31,077 Health care and pharmaceuticals 26 14,863 2 30,386 21 14,861 2 30,294 Auto related 8 15,203 2 28,795 10 13,168 1 27,451 Commercial services 37 11,095 1 26,025 50 11,418 1 26,693 Utilities 1 8,325 25,710 18 9,457 26,899 Diversified or miscellaneous 67 8,284 22,877 2 8,161 21,498 Entertainment and recreation 18 13,968 1 20,250 28 13,085 1 18,741 Transportation services 134 9,277 16,750 237 8,389 16,064 Insurance and fiduciaries 1 4,715 15,724 1 4,691 15,592 Banks 11,820 1 12,981 14,403 2 16,537 Agribusiness 31 6,466 12,080 24 6,180 11,457 Government and education 26 5,603 11,552 25 6,482 12,590 Other (2) 15 4,717 12,297 13 4,847 12,301 Total 
 726 396,811 42 784,854 865 401,714 42 790,208 
 Less than 1 . 
 (1) Total commitments consist of loans outstanding plus unfunded credit commitments, excluding issued letters of credit. Effective first quarter 2023, unfunded credit commitments exclude discretionary amounts where our approval or consent is required prior to any loan funding or commitment increase. Prior period balances have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. For additional information on issued letters of credit, see Note 17 (Guarantees and Other Commitments) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 (2) No other single industry had total loans in excess of 3.0 billion and 3.4 billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Table 18a provides further loan segmentation for our largest industry category, financials except banks. This category includes loans to investment firms, financial vehicles, nonbank creditors, rental and leasing companies, securities firms, and investment banks. These loans are generally secured and have features to 

help manage credit risk, such as structural credit enhancements, collateral eligibility requirements, contractual re-margining of collateral supporting the loans, and loan amounts limited to a percentage of the value of the underlying assets considering underlying credit risk, asset duration, and ongoing performance. 

Table 18a: Financials Except Banks Industry Category December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 in millions) Nonaccrual loans Loans outstanding balance of total loans Total commitments (1) Nonaccrual loans Loans outstanding balance of total loans Total commitments (1) Asset managers and funds (2) 51,842 6 98,074 1 52,254 5 97,998 Commercial finance (3) 2 52,007 6 78,369 31 53,269 5 76,016 Consumer finance (4) 20,308 2 33,547 4 17,028 2 29,047 Real estate finance (5) 7 22,478 2 24,523 8 24,620 3 26,761 Total 9 146,635 16 234,513 44 147,171 15 229,822 
 (1) Total commitments consist of loans outstanding plus unfunded credit commitments. Effective first quarter 2023, unfunded credit commitments exclude discretionary amounts where our approval or consent is required prior to any loan funding or commitment increase. Prior period balances have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. For additional information on issued letters of credit, see Note 17 (Guarantees and Other Commitments) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 (2) Includes loans for subscription or capital calls and loans to prime brokerage customers and securities firms. 
 (3) Includes asset-based lending and leasing, including loans to special purpose entities, loans to commercial leasing entities, structured lending facilities to commercial loan managers, and also includes collateralized loan obligations (CLOs) in loan form, all of which were rated AA or above, of 7.6 billion and 7.8 billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (4) Includes originators or servicers of financial assets collateralized by consumer loans such as auto loans and leases, and credit cards. 
 (5) Includes originators or servicers of financial assets collateralized by commercial or residential real estate loans. 
 Our commercial and industrial loans and lease financing portfolio included non-U.S. loans of 72.9 billion and 79.7 billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Significant industry concentrations of non-U.S. loans at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, included: 
 40.5 billion and 45.7 billion in the financials except banks industry; 
 11.4 billion and 14.1 billion in the banks industry; and 

2.0 billion and 1.2 billion in the oil, gas and pipelines industry. 
 Risk mitigation actions, including the restructuring of repayment terms, securing collateral or guarantees, and entering into extensions, are based on a re-underwriting of the loan and our assessment of the borrower s ability to perform under the agreed-upon terms. Extension terms generally range from six to thirty-six months and may require that the borrower provide 

Wells Fargo Company 35 

Risk Management Credit Risk Management (continued) 

additional economic support in the form of partial repayment, or additional collateral or guarantees. In cases where the value of collateral or financial condition of the borrower is insufficient to repay our loan, we may rely upon the support of an outside repayment guarantee in providing the extension. 
 Our ability to seek performance under a guarantee is directly related to the guarantor s creditworthiness, capacity and willingness to perform, which is evaluated on an annual basis, or more frequently as warranted. Our evaluation is based on the most current financial information available and is focused on various key financial metrics, including net worth, leverage, and current and future liquidity. We consider the guarantor s reputation, creditworthiness, and willingness to work with us based on our analysis, as well as other lenders experience with the guarantor. Our assessment of the guarantor s credit strength is reflected in our loan risk ratings for such loans. The loan risk rating and accruing status are important factors in our allowance for credit losses methodology. 
 In considering the accrual status of the loan, we evaluate 
 the collateral and future cash flows, as well as the anticipated support of any repayment guarantor. In many cases, the 
 strength of the guarantor provides sufficient assurance that full repayment of the loan is expected. When full and timely collection of the loan becomes uncertain, including the performance of the guarantor, we place the loan on nonaccrual status. As appropriate, we also charge the loan down in accordance with our charge-off policies, generally to the net realizable value of the collateral securing the loan, if any. 

COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE (CRE) Our CRE loan portfolio is composed of CRE mortgage and CRE construction loans. The total CRE loan portfolio decreased 5.2 billion from December 31, 2022, as paydowns exceeded originations and advances. The portfolio is diversified both geographically and by property type. The largest geographic concentrations of CRE loans are in California, New York, Florida, and Texas, which represented a combined 48 of the total CRE portfolio. The largest property type concentrations are apartments at 28 and office at 21 of the portfolio. Unfunded credit commitments at December 31, 2023 and 2022 were 7.7 billion and 8.8 billion, respectively, for CRE mortgage loans and 13.2 billion and 20.7 billion, respectively, for CRE construction loans. 
 We generally subject CRE loans to individual risk assessment using our internal borrower and collateral quality ratings. We had 17.5 billion of CRE mortgage loans classified as criticized at December 31, 2023, compared with 11.3 billion at December 31, 2022, and 830 million of CRE construction loans classified as criticized at December 31, 2023, compared with 1.1 billion at December 31, 2022. The increase in criticized CRE mortgage loans was predominantly driven by the office and apartments property types. The credit quality of the office property type continued to be adversely affected as weakened demand for office space continued to drive higher vacancy rates and deteriorating operating performance. Loans in California and New York represented approximately 40 of the office property type at December 31, 2023. We continue to closely monitor this portfolio. 

36 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Table 19 provides our CRE loans by state and property type. 

Table 19: CRE Loans by State and Property Type 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 Real estate mortgage Real estate construction Total commercial real estate Total commercial real estate in millions) Nonaccrual loans Loans outstanding balance Nonaccrual loans Loans outstanding balance Nonaccrual loans Loans outstanding balance Loans as of total loans Total commitments (1) Loans outstanding balance Total commitments (1) By state: California 1,138 27,565 4,054 1,138 31,619 3 35,629 34,285 39,594 New York 922 14,229 2,346 922 16,575 2 17,930 17,294 19,360 Florida 114 10,324 2,168 114 12,492 1 14,577 11,418 14,690 Texas 19 10,562 1,471 19 12,033 1 14,224 12,807 14,941 Georgia 165 5,111 994 165 6,105 6,804 5,428 6,651 North Carolina 45 4,239 1,158 45 5,397 6,408 5,227 6,650 Washington 287 4,076 1,171 287 5,247 5,994 5,603 6,868 Arizona 12 4,579 603 12 5,182 5,806 5,302 6,288 New Jersey 8 2,599 1,765 8 4,364 5,130 4,119 5,660 Illinois 313 4,125 24 279 337 4,404 4,985 4,591 5,394 Other (2) 1,140 39,466 1 7,732 1,141 47,198 5 53,979 49,728 59,224 Total 4,163 126,875 25 23,741 4,188 150,616 16 171,466 155,802 185,320 By property: 
 Apartments 56 31,467 11,118 56 42,585 5 51,749 39,743 51,567 Office (3) 3,357 28,504 3,022 3,357 31,526 3 34,295 36,144 40,827 Industrial/warehouse 28 20,994 4,419 28 25,413 3 28,493 20,634 24,546 Hotel/motel 171 11,847 878 171 12,725 1 13,612 12,751 13,758 Retail (excl shopping center) 271 11,591 1 79 272 11,670 1 12,338 11,753 12,486 Shopping center 183 8,401 344 183 8,745 9,356 9,534 10,131 Institutional 57 4,431 24 1,555 81 5,986 6,568 7,725 9,178 Mixed use properties 32 3,172 339 32 3,511 3,763 5,887 7,139 Storage facility 2,614 168 2,782 3,002 2,929 3,201 1-4 family structure 7 1,188 1,195 2,691 1,324 3,589 Other 8 3,847 631 8 4,478 5,600 7,378 8,898 Total 4,163 126,875 25 23,741 4,188 150,616 16 171,467 155,802 185,320 
 Less than 1 . 
 (1) Total commitments consist of loans outstanding plus unfunded credit commitments, excluding issued letters of credit. For additional information on issued letters of credit, see Note 17 (Guarantees and Other Commitments) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 (2) Includes 40 states and non-U.S. loans. No state in Other had loans in excess of 4.4 billion and 4.1 billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Non-U.S. loans were 6.9 billion and 7.6 billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (3) In second quarter 2023, we reclassified certain CRE loans to better align with regulatory reporting guidance, which resulted in a decrease in loans outstanding of approximately 2.0 billion to the office property type. 
 
 NON-U.S. LOANS Our classification of non-U.S. loans is based on whether the borrower s primary address is outside of the United States. At December 31, 2023, non-U.S. loans totaled 80.0 billion, representing approximately 9 of our total consolidated loans outstanding, compared with 87.5 billion, or approximately 9 of our total consolidated loans outstanding, at December 31, 2022. Non-U.S. loans were approximately 4 and 5 of our total consolidated assets at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 COUNTRY RISK EXPOSURE Our country risk monitoring process incorporates centralized monitoring of economic, political, social, legal, and transfer risks in countries where we do or plan to do business, along with frequent dialogue with our customers, counterparties and regulatory agencies. We establish exposure limits for each country through a centralized oversight process based on customer needs, and through consideration of the relevant and distinct risk of each country. We monitor exposures closely and adjust our country limits in response to changing conditions. We evaluate our individual country risk exposure based on our assessment of a borrower s ability to repay, 

which gives consideration for allowable transfers of risk, such as guarantees and collateral, and may be different from the reporting based on a borrower s primary address. 
 Our largest single country exposure outside the U.S. at December 31, 2023, was the United Kingdom, which totaled 27.8 billion, or approximately 1 of our total assets, and included 4.1 billion of sovereign claims. Our United Kingdom sovereign claims arise from deposits we have placed with the Bank of England pursuant to regulatory requirements in support of our London branch. 
 Table 20 provides information regarding our top 20 exposures by country (excluding the U.S.), based on our assessment of risk, which gives consideration to the country of any guarantors and/or underlying collateral. With respect to Table 20: 
 Lending and deposits with banks exposure includes outstanding loans, unfunded credit commitments (excluding discretionary amounts where our approval or consent is required prior to any loan funding or commitment increase), and deposits with non-U.S. banks. These balances are presented prior to the deduction of allowance for credit 

Wells Fargo Company 37 

Risk Management Credit Risk Management (continued) 

losses or collateral received under the terms of the credit agreements, if any. 
 Securities exposure represents debt and equity securities of non-U.S. issuers. Long and short positions are netted, and net short positions are reflected as negative exposure. 

Derivatives and other exposure represents foreign exchange contracts, derivative contracts, securities resale agreements, and securities lending agreements. 

Table 20: Select Country Exposures 
 December 31, 2023 
 Lending and deposits with banks (1) 
 Securities Derivatives and other Total exposure (in millions) 
 Sovereign Non-sovereign Sovereign Non-sovereign Sovereign Non-sovereign Sovereign Non-sovereign (2) 
 Total Top 20 country exposures: United Kingdom 4,096 22,249 10 213 2 1,212 4,108 23,674 27,782 Canada 8 16,547 (11) 352 133 513 130 17,412 17,542 Japan 8,513 595 66 86 8,513 747 9,260 Cayman Islands 8,173 193 8,366 8,366 Luxembourg 7,526 232 288 8,046 8,046 Ireland 5 4,898 163 1 215 6 5,276 5,282 France 34 4,278 358 19 104 53 4,740 4,793 Bermuda 3,786 12 57 3,855 3,855 Germany 2,990 (138) 377 9 167 (129) 3,534 3,405 China 13 1,351 (88) 1,456 21 8 (54) 2,815 2,761 Netherlands 2,350 110 138 2,598 2,598 Guernsey 2,482 2 2,484 2,484 South Korea 1,899 (55) 348 4 (55) 2,251 2,196 Australia 1,588 412 29 2,029 2,029 Norway 1,427 109 1 1,537 1,537 Switzerland 1,222 25 289 1,536 1,536 Chile 1,475 15 1 1,491 1,491 Brazil 1,246 (13) 1,233 1,233 Spain 819 52 223 1,094 1,094 India 980 (68) 139 1 (68) 1,120 1,052 Total top 20 country exposures 12,669 87,881 (350) 4,426 185 3,531 12,504 95,838 108,342 
 (1) Includes sovereign and non-sovereign deposits with banks of 12.6 billion and 2.3 billion, respectively. 
 (2) Total non-sovereign exposure consisted of 45.3 billion exposure to financial institutions and 50.6 billion to non-financial corporations at December 31, 2023. 
 
 RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOANS Our residential mortgage loan portfolio is composed of 1 4 family first and junior lien mortgage loans. Residential mortgage first lien loans represented 96 of the total residential mortgage loan portfolio at December 31, 2023, compared with 95 at December 31, 2022. 
 The residential mortgage loan portfolio includes loans with adjustable-rate features. We monitor the risk of default as a result of interest rate increases on adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) loans, which may be mitigated by product features that limit the amount of the increase in the contractual interest rate. The default risk of these loans is considered in our ACL for loans. ARM loans were 7 of total loans at both December 31, 2023 and 2022, with an initial reset date in 2025 or later for the majority of this portfolio at December 31, 2023. We do not offer option ARM products, nor do we offer variable-rate mortgage products with fixed payment amounts, commonly referred to within the financial services industry as negative amortizing mortgage loans. 
 The residential mortgage junior lien portfolio consists of residential mortgage lines of credit and loans that are subordinate in rights to an existing lien on the same property. These lines and loans may have draw periods, interest-only payments, balloon payments, adjustable rates and similar features. Junior lien loan products are primarily amortizing payment loans with fixed interest rates and repayment periods between five to 30 years. We continuously monitor the credit 

performance of our residential mortgage junior lien portfolio for trends and factors that influence the frequency and severity of losses, such as junior lien performance when the first lien loan is delinquent. 
 The outstanding balance of residential mortgage lines of credit was 15.0 billion at December 31, 2023, compared with 18.3 billion at December 31, 2022. The unfunded credit commitments for these lines of credit totaled 28.6 billion at December 31, 2023, compared with 35.5 billion at December 31, 2022. Our residential mortgage lines of credit (both first and junior lien) generally have draw periods of 10, 15 or 20 years with variable interest rate and payment options available during the draw period of (1) interest-only or (2) 1.5 of outstanding principal balance plus accrued interest. The lines that enter their amortization period may experience higher delinquencies and higher loss rates than the ones in their draw or term period. We have considered this increased risk in our ACL for loans estimate. Interest-only lines and loans were approximately 2 of total loans at both December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 During the draw period, the borrower has the option of converting all or a portion of the line from a variable interest rate to a fixed rate. At the end of the draw period, a line of credit generally converts to an amortizing payment schedule with repayment terms of up to 30 years based on the balance at time of conversion. Certain lines and loans have been structured with a 

38 
 Wells Fargo Company 

balloon payment, which requires full repayment of the outstanding balance at the end of the term period. The conversion of lines or loans to fully amortizing or balloon payoff may result in a significant payment increase, which can affect some borrowers ability to repay the outstanding balance. As borrowers near the end of their draw period, we work with them to transition from interest-only to fully-amortizing payments or full repayment. 
 We monitor changes in real estate values and underlying economic or market conditions for the geographic areas of our residential mortgage portfolio as part of our credit risk management process. Our periodic review of this portfolio includes original appraisals adjusted for the change in Home Price Index (HPI) or estimates from automated valuation models (AVMs) to support property values. AVMs are computer-based tools used to estimate the market value of homes. We have processes to periodically validate AVMs and specific risk management guidelines addressing the circumstances when AVMs may be used. For additional information about our use of appraisals and AVMs, see Note 5 (Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 Part of our credit monitoring includes tracking delinquency, current Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) credit scores and loan to collateral values (LTV) on the entire residential mortgage loan portfolio. For junior lien mortgages, LTV uses the total combined 

loan balance of first and junior lien mortgages (including unused line of credit amounts). For additional information regarding credit quality indicators, see Note 5 (Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 We continue to modify residential mortgage loans to assist homeowners and other borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. Under these programs, we may provide concessions such as interest rate reductions, term extensions, forbearance of principal, and in some cases, principal forgiveness. These programs generally include a trial payment period of three months, and after successful completion and compliance with terms during this period, the loan is permanently modified. For additional information on loan modifications, see Note 5 (Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 
 Residential Mortgage First Lien Portfolio Our residential mortgage first lien portfolio decreased 6.2 billion from 
 December 31, 2022, due to loan paydowns, partially offset by originations. 
 Table 21 shows certain delinquency and loss information for the residential mortgage first lien portfolio and lists the top five states by outstanding balance. 

Table 21: Residential Mortgage First Lien Portfolio Performance 
 Outstanding balance of total loans of loans 30 days or more past due Net loan charge-off rate 
 December 31, December 31, December 31, Year ended December 31, in millions) 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 California (1) 109,972 110,877 11.74 11.60 0.36 0.45 0.01 New York 31,322 31,753 3.34 3.32 0.79 0.80 (0.02) Washington 10,672 10,523 1.14 1.10 0.29 0.30 (0.02) New Jersey 10,161 10,416 1.08 1.09 1.13 1.24 0.01 0.01 Florida 10,065 10,535 1.07 1.10 1.11 1.13 (0.07) (0.08) Other (2) 
 69,893 72,843 7.46 7.62 0.82 0.93 0.01 0.01 Total 242,085 246,947 25.83 25.83 0.61 0.69 Government insured/guaranteed loans (3) 
 7,568 8,860 0.81 0.93 Total first lien mortgage portfolio 249,653 255,807 26.64 26.76 
 (1) Our residential mortgage loans to borrowers in California are located predominantly within the larger metropolitan areas, with no single California metropolitan area consisting of more than 4 of total loans. 
 (2) Consists of 45 states; no state in Other had loans in excess of 7.4 billion and 7.7 billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (3) Represents loans, substantially all of which were purchased from Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA) loan securitization pools, where the repayment of the loans is predominantly insured by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). For additional information on GNMA loan securitization pools, see the Risk Management Credit Risk Management Mortgage Banking Activities section in this Report. 

Wells Fargo Company 39 

Risk Management Credit Risk Management (continued) 

Residential Mortgage Junior Lien Portfolio Our residential mortgage junior lien portfolio decreased 2.2 billion from December 31, 2022, driven by loan paydowns. 

Table 22 shows certain delinquency and loss information for the residential mortgage junior lien portfolio and lists the top five states by outstanding balance. 

Table 22: Residential Mortgage Junior Lien Portfolio Performance 
 Outstanding balance of total loans of loans 30 days 
 or more past due 
 Net loan charge-off rate 
 December 31, December 31, December 31, Year ended December 31, in millions) 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 California 3,101 3,550 0.33 0.37 1.65 2.02 (0.10) (0.26) New Jersey 1,114 1,383 0.12 0.14 2.81 2.76 (0.13) 0.10 Florida 924 1,165 0.10 0.12 2.42 2.69 (0.37) (0.71) Pennsylvania 673 832 0.07 0.09 2.70 2.76 (0.01) (0.17) New York 661 794 0.07 0.08 3.26 2.86 0.07 (0.09) Other (1) 
 4,598 5,586 0.49 0.58 2.05 2.05 (0.38) (0.53) Total junior lien mortgage portfolio 11,071 13,310 1.18 1.38 2.16 2.27 (0.23) (0.36) 
 (1) Consists of 45 states; no state in Other had loans in excess of 640 million and 790 million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 CREDIT CARD, AUTO, AND OTHER CONSUMER LOANS Table 23 shows the outstanding balance of our credit card, auto, and other consumer loan portfolios. For information regarding credit quality indicators for these portfolios, see Note 5 (Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 Table 23: Credit Card, Auto, and Other Consumer Loans 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 in millions) Outstanding balance of total loans Outstanding balance of total loans Credit card 52,230 5.58 46,293 4.84 Auto 47,762 5.10 53,669 5.61 Other consumer (1) 28,539 3.05 29,276 3.06 Total 128,531 13.73 129,238 13.51 
 (1) Includes 18.3 billion and 19.4 billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, of securities-based loans originated by the WIM operating segment. 

Credit Card The increase in the outstanding balance at December 31, 2023, compared with December 31, 2022, was primarily due to higher purchase volume and new account growth. 
 Auto The decrease in the outstanding balance at December 31, 2023, compared with December 31, 2022, was due to lower origination volumes reflecting credit tightening actions. 
 Other Consumer The decrease in the outstanding balance at December 31, 2023, compared with December 31, 2022, was due to a decline in securities-based lending. 

40 
 Wells Fargo Company 

NONPERFORMING ASSETS (NONACCRUAL LOANS AND FORECLOSED ASSETS) We generally place loans on nonaccrual status when: 
 the full and timely collection of interest or principal becomes uncertain (generally based on an assessment of the borrower s financial condition and the adequacy of collateral, if any), such as in bankruptcy or other circumstances; 
 they are 90 days (120 days with respect to residential mortgage loans) past due for interest or principal, unless the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection; 
 part of the principal balance has been charged off; or 
 for junior lien mortgage loans, we have evidence that the related first lien mortgage may be 120 days past due or in the process of foreclosure regardless of the junior lien delinquency status. 

Certain nonaccrual loans may be returned to accrual status after they perform for a period of time. Consumer credit card loans are not placed on nonaccrual status, but are generally fully charged off when the loan reaches 180 days past due. 
 Table 24 summarizes nonperforming assets (NPAs). 

Table 24: Nonperforming Assets (Nonaccrual Loans and Foreclosed Assets) 
 in millions) Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Nonaccrual loans: Commercial and industrial 662 746 Commercial real estate 4,188 958 Lease financing 64 119 Total commercial 4,914 1,823 Residential mortgage (1) 3,192 3,611 Auto 115 153 Other consumer 35 39 Total consumer 3,342 3,803 Total nonaccrual loans 8,256 5,626 As a percentage of total loans 0.88 0.59 Foreclosed assets: Government insured/guaranteed (2) 12 22 Non-government insured/guaranteed 
 175 115 Total foreclosed assets 
 187 137 Total nonperforming assets 8,443 5,763 As a percentage of total loans 0.90 0.60 
 (1) Residential mortgage loans predominantly insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA are not placed on nonaccrual status because they are insured or guaranteed. 
 (2) Consistent with regulatory reporting requirements, foreclosed real estate resulting from government insured/guaranteed loans are classified as nonperforming. Both principal and interest related to these foreclosed real estate assets are collectible because the loans were predominantly insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA. Receivables related to the foreclosure of certain government guaranteed real estate mortgage loans are excluded from this table and included in accounts receivable in other assets. For additional information on the classification of certain government-guaranteed mortgage loans upon foreclosure, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 Commercial nonaccrual loans increased 3.1 billion from December 31, 2022, driven by an increase in commercial real estate nonaccrual loans, predominantly within the office property type. For additional information on commercial nonaccrual loans, see the Risk Management Credit Risk Management Commercial and Industrial Loans and Lease Financing and Risk Management Credit Risk Management Commercial Real Estate sections in this Report. 
 Consumer nonaccrual loans decreased 461 million from December 31, 2022, due to lower residential mortgage nonaccrual loans. 

Wells Fargo Company 41 

Risk Management Credit Risk Management (continued) 

Table 25 provides an analysis of the changes in nonaccrual loans. Typically, changes to nonaccrual loans period-over-period represent inflows for loans that are placed on nonaccrual status in accordance with our policies, offset by reductions for loans 

that are paid down, charged off, sold, foreclosed, or are no longer classified as nonaccrual as a result of continued performance and an improvement in the borrower s financial condition and loan repayment capabilities. 

Table 25: Analysis of Changes in Nonaccrual Loans 
 Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2023 2022 Commercial nonaccrual loans Balance, beginning of period 1,823 2,376 Inflows 6,524 1,391 Outflows: Returned to accruing (474) (451) Foreclosures (70) (20) Charge-offs (1,054) (247) Payments, sales and other (1,835) (1,226) Total outflows (3,433) (1,944) Balance, end of period 4,914 1,823 Consumer nonaccrual loans Balance, beginning of period 3,803 4,836 Inflows 1,314 1,728 Outflows: Returned to accruing (737) (1,599) Foreclosures (101) (85) Charge-offs (167) (245) Payments, sales and other (770) (832) Total outflows (1,775) (2,761) Balance, end of period 3,342 3,803 Total nonaccrual loans 8,256 5,626 
 We considered the risk of losses on nonaccrual loans in developing our allowance for loan losses. We believe exposure to losses on nonaccrual loans is mitigated by the following factors at December 31, 2023: 
 99 of total commercial nonaccrual loans are secured, predominantly by real estate. 
 76 of commercial nonaccrual loans were current on interest and 66 of commercial nonaccrual loans were current on both principal and interest, but were on nonaccrual status because the full or timely collection of interest or principal had become uncertain. 

99 of total consumer nonaccrual loans are secured, of which 96 are secured by real estate and 98 have a LTV ratio of 80 or less. 
 489 million of the 629 million of consumer loans in bankruptcy or discharged in bankruptcy, and classified as nonaccrual, were current. 
 
 Table 26 provides a summary of foreclosed assets and an analysis of changes in foreclosed assets. 

Table 26: Foreclosed Assets 
 (in millions) December 31, 2023 2022 Summary by loan segment Government insured/guaranteed 12 22 Commercial 135 65 Consumer 40 50 Total foreclosed assets 
 187 137 (in millions) Year ended December 31, 2023 2022 Analysis of changes in foreclosed assets Balance, beginning of period 137 112 Net change in government insured/guaranteed (1) 
 (10) 6 Additions to foreclosed assets (2) 
 576 420 Reductions from sales and write-downs (516) (401) Balance, end of period 187 137 
 (1) Foreclosed government insured/guaranteed loans are temporarily transferred to and held by us as servicer, until reimbursement is received from the FHA or the VA. 
 (2) Includes loans moved into foreclosed assets from nonaccrual status and repossessed autos. 
 42 
 Wells Fargo Company 

NET CHARGE-OFFS Table 27 presents net loan charge-offs. 

Table 27: Net Loan Charge-offs 
 Quarter ended December 31, Year ended December 31, 2023 2022 2023 2022 in millions) Net loan charge- offs of avg. loans (1) Net loan charge- offs of avg. loans (1) Net loan charge- offs of 
 avg. 
 loans 
 Net loan charge- offs of 
 avg. 
 loans 
 Commercial and industrial 90 0.09 66 0.07 345 0.09 83 0.02 Commercial real estate 377 0.99 10 0.03 566 0.37 (11) (0.01) Lease financing 5 0.14 3 0.06 12 0.08 7 0.04 Total commercial 472 0.34 79 0.06 923 0.17 79 0.01 Residential mortgage 3 (12) (0.02) (24) (0.01) (63) (0.02) Credit card 520 4.02 274 2.42 1,680 3.49 851 2.06 Auto 130 1.06 137 1.00 478 0.93 422 0.76 Other consumer 127 1.79 82 1.13 413 1.47 319 1.11 Total consumer 780 0.79 481 0.48 2,547 0.65 1,529 0.39 Total 1,252 0.53 560 0.23 3,470 0.37 1,608 0.17 
 (1) Net loan charge-offs (recoveries) as a percentage of average loans are annualized. 
 The increase in commercial net loan charge-offs in 2023, compared with 2022, was due to higher losses in all commercial portfolios, primarily in our commercial real estate portfolio driven by the office property type. 
 The increase in consumer net loan charge-offs in 2023, compared with 2022, was due to higher losses in all consumer portfolios, primarily in our credit card portfolio. 

ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES We maintain an allowance for credit losses (ACL) for loans, which is management s estimate of the expected lifetime credit losses in the loan portfolio and unfunded credit commitments, at the balance sheet date, excluding loans and unfunded credit commitments carried at fair value or held for sale. Additionally, we maintain an ACL for debt securities classified as either AFS or HTM, other financial assets measured at amortized cost, including deposits with banks, net investments in leases, and other off-balance sheet credit exposures. 

The process for establishing the ACL for loans takes into consideration many factors, including historical and forecasted loss trends, loan-level credit quality ratings and loan grade-specific characteristics. The process involves subjective and complex judgments. In addition, we review a variety of credit metrics and trends. These credit metrics and trends, however, do not solely determine the amount of the allowance as we use several analytical tools. For additional information on our ACL, see the Critical Accounting Policies Allowance for Credit Losses section and Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this Report. For additional information on our ACL for loans, see Note 5 (Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report, and for additional information on our ACL for debt securities, see Note 3 (Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 Table 28 presents the allocation of the ACL for loans by loan portfolio segment and class. 

Wells Fargo Company 43 

Risk Management Credit Risk Management (continued) 

Table 28: Allocation of the ACL for Loans 
 Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 in millions) ACL ACL as of loan class Loans as of total loans ACL ACL as of loan class Loans as of total loans Commercial and industrial 4,272 1.12 40 4,507 1.17 40 Commercial real estate 3,939 2.62 16 2,231 1.43 16 Lease financing 201 1.22 2 218 1.46 2 Total commercial 8,412 1.54 58 6,956 1.25 58 Residential mortgage (1) 652 0.25 28 1,096 0.41 28 Credit card 4,223 8.09 6 3,567 7.71 5 Auto 1,042 2.18 5 1,380 2.57 6 Other consumer 759 2.66 3 610 2.08 3 Total consumer 6,676 1.72 42 6,653 1.67 42 Total 15,088 1.61 100 13,609 1.42 100 Components: Allowance for loan losses 
 14,606 12,985 Allowance for unfunded credit commitments 
 482 624 Allowance for credit losses 
 15,088 13,609 Ratio of allowance for loan losses to total net loan charge-offs 4.21x 8.08 Ratio of allowance for loan losses to total nonaccrual loans 1.77 2.31 Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans 
 1.56 1.36 
 (1) Includes negative allowance for expected recoveries of amounts previously charged off. 
 The ratios for the allowance for loan losses and the ACL for loans presented in Table 28 may fluctuate from period to period due to such factors as the mix of loan types in the portfolio, borrower credit strength, and the value and marketability of collateral. 
 The ACL for loans increased 1.5 billion, or 11 , from December 31, 2022, reflecting increases for commercial real estate loans, primarily office loans, as well as for increases in credit card loan balances, partially offset by a decrease for residential mortgage loans related to the adoption of ASU 2022-02. For additional information on ASU 2022-02, see 
 Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this Report. The detail of the changes in the ACL for loans by portfolio segment (including charge-offs and recoveries by loan class) is included in Note 5 (Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 We consider multiple economic scenarios to develop our estimate of the ACL for loans, which generally include a base scenario, along with an optimistic (upside) and one or more pessimistic (downside) scenarios. We weighted the base scenario and the downside scenarios in our estimate of the ACL for loans at December 31, 2023. The base scenario assumed elevated inflation and economic contraction in the near term, reflecting declining property values and increased unemployment rates from historically low levels. The downside scenarios assumed a more substantial economic contraction due to declining property values, high inflation, and lower business and consumer confidence. 
 Additionally, we consider qualitative factors that represent the risk of limitations inherent in our processes and assumptions such as economic environmental factors, modeling assumptions and performance, and other subjective factors, including industry trends and emerging risk assessments. 
 The forecasted key economic variables used in our estimate of the ACL for loans at December 31 and September 30, 2023, are presented in Table 29. 

Table 29: Forecasted Key Economic Variables 
 2Q 2024 4Q 2024 2Q 2025 Weighted blend of economic scenarios: U.S. unemployment rate (1): December 31, 2023 4.4 5.3 5.9 September 30, 2023 4.6 5.6 6.0 U.S. real GDP (2): December 31, 2023 (1.2) (0.5) 0.8 September 30, 2023 (1.5) 0.3 1.6 Home price index (3): December 31, 2023 (2.3) (6.7) (6.6) September 30, 2023 (6.1) (6.8) (5.8) Commercial real estate asset prices (3): December 31, 2023 (6.6) (14.0) (10.4) September 30, 2023 (13.8) (10.3) (4.5) 
 (1) Quarterly average. 
 (2) Percent change from the preceding period, seasonally adjusted annualized rate. 
 (3) Percent change year over year of national average; outlook differs by geography and property type. 
 Future amounts of the ACL for loans will be based on a variety of factors, including loan balance changes, portfolio credit quality and mix changes, and changes in general economic conditions and expectations (including for unemployment and real GDP), among other factors. 
 We believe the ACL for loans of 15.1 billion at December 31, 2023, was appropriate to cover expected credit losses, including unfunded credit commitments, at that date. The entire allowance is available to absorb credit losses from the total loan portfolio. The ACL for loans is subject to change and reflects existing factors as of the date of determination, including economic or market conditions and ongoing internal and external examination processes. Due to the sensitivity of the ACL for loans to changes in the economic and business environment, it is possible that we will incur incremental credit losses not anticipated as of the balance sheet date. Our process for 

44 
 Wells Fargo Company 

determining the ACL is discussed in the Critical Accounting Policies Allowance for Credit Losses section and Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

MORTGAGE BANKING ACTIVITIES We sell residential and commercial mortgage loans to various parties, including (1) government-sponsored entities (GSEs), Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC) and Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA), who include the mortgage loans in GSE-guaranteed mortgage securitizations, (2) SPEs that issue private label MBS, and (3) other financial institutions that purchase mortgage loans for investment or private label securitization. In addition, we pool FHA-insured and VA-guaranteed residential mortgage loans that are then used to back securities guaranteed by the Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA). We may be required to repurchase these mortgage loans, indemnify the securitization trust, investor or insurer, or reimburse the securitization trust, investor or insurer for credit losses incurred on loans (collectively, repurchase) in the event of a breach of contractual representations or warranties that is not remedied within a period (usually 90 days or less) after we receive notice of the breach. 
 In connection with our sales and securitization of residential mortgage loans, we have established a mortgage repurchase liability, initially at fair value, related to various representations and warranties that reflect management s estimate of losses for loans for which we could have a repurchase obligation, whether or not we currently service those loans, based on a combination of factors. See Note 16 (Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information about our liability for mortgage loan repurchase losses. 
 We provide recourse to GSEs for commercial mortgage loans sold under various programs and arrangements. The terms of certain programs require that we incur a pro-rata share of actual losses in the event of borrower default. See Note 17 (Guarantees and Other Commitments) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information about our exposure to loss related to these programs. 
 In addition to servicing loans in our portfolio, we act as servicer and/or master servicer of residential and commercial mortgage loans included in GSE mortgage securitizations, GNMA-guaranteed mortgage securitizations of FHA-insured/VA-guaranteed mortgages and private label mortgage securitizations, as well as for unsecuritized loans owned by institutional investors. 
 The loans we service were originated by us or by other mortgage loan originators. As servicer, our primary duties are typically to (1) collect payments due from borrowers, (2) advance certain delinquent payments of principal and interest on the mortgage loans, (3) maintain and administer any hazard, title or primary mortgage insurance policies relating to the mortgage loans, (4) maintain any required escrow accounts for payment of taxes and insurance and administer escrow payments, and (5) foreclose on defaulted mortgage loans or, to the extent consistent with the related servicing agreement, consider alternatives to foreclosure, such as loan modifications or short sales, and for certain investors, manage the foreclosed property through liquidation. As master servicer, our primary duties are typically to (1) supervise, monitor and oversee the servicing of the mortgage loans by the servicer, and (2) advance delinquent amounts required by non-affiliated servicers who fail to perform their advancing obligations. The amount and timing of reimbursement for advances of delinquent payments vary by 

investor and the applicable servicing agreements. See Note 6 (Mortgage Banking Activities) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information about residential and commercial servicing rights, servicer advances and servicing fees. 
 In accordance with applicable servicing guidelines, upon transfer as servicer, we have the option to repurchase loans from certain loan securitizations, which generally becomes exercisable based on delinquency status such as when three scheduled loan payments are past due. When we have the unilateral option to repurchase a loan, we recognize the loan and a corresponding liability on our balance sheet regardless of our intent to repurchase the loan. We may repurchase these loans for cash and as a result, our total consolidated assets do not change. 
 Loans repurchased from GNMA securitization pools that regain current status or are otherwise modified in accordance with applicable servicing guidelines may be included in future GNMA loan securitization pools. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, these loans, which we have repurchased or have the unilateral option to repurchase, were 7.8 billion and 9.8 billion, respectively, which included 7.4 billion and 8.6 billion, respectively, in loans held for investment, with the remainder in loans held for sale. See Note 16 (Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information about our involvement with mortgage loan securitizations. 
 Each agreement under which we act as servicer or master servicer generally specifies a standard of responsibility for actions we take in such capacity. We are required to indemnify the securitization trustee against any failure by us, as servicer or master servicer, to perform our servicing obligations. In addition, if we commit a breach of our obligations as servicer or master servicer, we may be subject to termination if the breach is not cured within a specified period. The standards governing servicing in GSE-guaranteed securitizations, and the possible remedies for violations of such standards, vary, and those standards and remedies are determined by servicing guides maintained by the GSEs, contracts between the GSEs and individual servicers and topical guides published by the GSEs from time to time. Such remedies could include indemnification or repurchase of an affected mortgage loan. In addition, in connection with our servicing activities, we could continue to become subject to consent orders and settlement agreements with federal and state regulators for alleged servicing issues and practices. In general, these can require us to provide customers with loan modification relief, refinancing relief, and foreclosure prevention and assistance, and can result in business restrictions or the imposition of certain monetary penalties on us. 

Wells Fargo Company 45 

Asset/Liability Management 
 Asset/liability management involves measuring, monitoring and managing interest rate risk, market risk, liquidity and funding. Primary oversight of interest rate risk and market risk resides with the Finance Committee of the Board, while primary oversight of liquidity and funding resides with the Risk Committee of the Board. These committees oversee the administration and effectiveness of financial risk management policies and processes used to assess and manage these risks. 
 At the management level, the Corporate Asset/Liability Committee (Corporate ALCO), which consists of management from finance, risk and business groups, oversees these risks and supports periodic reports provided to the Board s Finance Committee and Risk Committee as appropriate. As discussed in more detail for market risk activities below, we employ separate management level oversight specific to market risk. 
 
 INTEREST RATE RISK Interest rate risk is the risk that market fluctuations in interest rates, credit spreads, or foreign exchange can cause a loss of the Company s earnings and capital stemming from mismatches in the cash flows of the Company s assets and liabilities generally arising from customer-related lending and deposit-taking activities. We are subject to interest rate risk because: 
 assets and liabilities may mature or reprice at different times or by different amounts; 
 short-term and long-term market interest rates may change independently or with different magnitudes; 
 the remaining maturity for various assets or liabilities may shorten or lengthen as interest rates change; or 
 interest rates may also have a direct or indirect effect on loan demand, collateral values, credit losses, loan origination volume, and the fair value of financial instruments and MSRs. 
 We assess interest rate risk by comparing the earnings outcomes from multiple interest rate scenarios that differ in the direction of interest rate changes, the degree and speed of interest rate changes over time, and the projected shape of the yield curve. These scenarios require assumptions regarding drivers of earnings and balance sheet composition such as loan originations, prepayment rates on loans and debt securities, deposit flows and mix, as well as pricing strategies. We periodically assess and enhance our scenarios and assumptions . Our scenario assumptions reflected the following: 
 Scenarios are dynamic and reflect anticipated changes to our assets and liabilities over time. 
 Mortgage prepayment and origination assumptions vary across scenarios and reflect only the impact of the higher or lower interest rates. 
 Other macroeconomic variables that could be correlated with the changes in interest rates are held constant. 
 The funding forecast in our base scenario incorporates deposit mix changes and market funding levels consistent with the base interest rate trajectory. Our hypothetical scenarios incorporate deposit mix that is the same as in the base scenario. In higher interest rate scenarios, customer deposit activity that shifts balances into higher yielding products and/or requires additional market funding could reduce the expected benefit from higher rates. 
 The interest rate sensitivity of deposits as market interest rates change, referred to as deposit betas, are informed by historical behavior and expectations for near-term pricing strategies. Our actual experience may differ from 

expectations due to the lag or acceleration of deposit repricing, changes in consumer behavior, and other factors. 
 
 Table 30 presents the results of the estimated net interest income sensitivity over the next 12 months from the multiple scenarios compared with our base scenario. The base scenario is a reference point used by the Company for financial planning purposes . These hypothetical scenarios include instantaneous movements across the yield curve with both lower and higher interest rates under a parallel shift, as well as steeper and flatter non-parallel changes in the yield curve. Long-term interest rates are defined as all tenors three years and longer, and short-term interest rates are defined as all tenors less than three years. 
 Table 30: Net Interest Income Sensitivity Over the Next 12 Months Using Instantaneous Movements 
 in billions) Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Parallel shift: +100 bps shift in interest rates 1.8 2.3 -100 bps shift in interest rates (2.0) (1.7) Steeper yield curve: +100 bps shift in long-term interest rates 1.1 0.8 -100 bps shift in short-term interest rates (1.0) (1.0) Flatter yield curve: +100 bps shift in short-term interest rates 0.7 1.5 -100 bps shift in long-term interest rates (1.1) (0.7) 
 Our interest rate sensitivity indicates that we would expect to benefit from higher interest rates as our assets would reprice faster and to a greater degree than our liabilities, while in the case of lower interest rates, our assets would reprice downward and to a greater degree than our liabilities resulting in lower net interest income. The changes in our interest rate sensitivity from December 31, 2022, to December 31, 2023, reflected updates for our expected balance sheet composition, including a shift to higher cost deposits. The magnitude of the benefit, if any, from higher interest rates may vary from our scenarios, including because future deposit pricing and balances may be different from our current expectations. The realized impact of interest rate changes may also vary from our base and hypothetical scenarios for various reasons, including any deposit pricing lags . 
 We use interest rate derivatives and our debt securities portfolio to manage our interest rate exposures. We use derivatives for asset/liability management to (i) convert cash flows from selected assets and/or liabilities from floating-rate payments to fixed-rate payments, or vice versa, (ii) reduce accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) sensitivity of our AFS debt securities portfolio, and/or (iii) economically hedge our mortgage origination pipeline, funded mortgage loans, and MSRs. Derivatives used to hedge our interest rate risk exposures are presented in Note 14 (Derivatives) to Financial Statements in this Report. As interest rates increase, changes in the fair value of AFS debt securities may negatively affect AOCI, which lowers the amount of our regulatory capital. AOCI also includes unrealized gains or losses related to the transfer of debt securities from AFS to HTM, which are subsequently amortized into earnings over the life of the security with no further impact from interest rate changes. See Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) and Note 3 (Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information on our debt securities portfolio. 

46 
 Wells Fargo Company 

In addition to the net interest income sensitivity above, we also measure and evaluate the economic value sensitivity (EVS) of our balance sheet. EVS is the change in the present value of the life-time cash flows of the Company s assets and liabilities across a range of scenarios. It is based on the existing balance sheet, at a point in time, and helps indicate whether we are exposed to higher or lower interest rates. We manage EVS through a set of limits that are designed to align with our interest rate risk appetite. 
 Our interest rate sensitive noninterest income and expense are impacted by mortgage banking activities that may have sensitivity impacts that move in the opposite direction of our net interest income. See the Risk Management Asset/Liability Management Mortgage Banking Interest Rate and Market Risk section in this Report for additional information. 
 Interest rate sensitive noninterest income is also impacted by changes in earnings credit for noninterest-bearing deposits that reduce treasury management deposit-related service fees on commercial accounts, and by trading assets. In addition, the impact to net interest income does not include the fair value changes of trading securities, which, along with the effects of related economic hedges, are recorded in noninterest income. In addition to changes in interest rates, net interest income and noninterest income from trading securities may be impacted by the actual composition of the trading portfolio. For additional information on our trading assets and liabilities, see Note 2 (Trading Activities) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 
 MORTGAGE BANKING INTEREST RATE AND MARKET RISK We originate and service mortgage loans, which subjects us to various risks, including market, interest rate, credit, and liquidity risks that can be substantial. Based on market conditions and other factors, we reduce credit and liquidity risks by selling or securitizing mortgage loans. We determine whether mortgage loans will be held for investment or held for sale at the time of commitment, but may change our intent to hold loans for investment or sale as part of our corporate asset/liability management activities. We may also retain securities in our investment portfolio at the time we securitize mortgage loans. 
 Changes in interest rates may impact mortgage banking noninterest income, including origination and servicing fees, and the fair value of our residential MSRs, LHFS, and derivative loan commitments (interest rate locks extended to mortgage applicants. Interest rate changes will generally impact our mortgage banking noninterest income on a lagging basis due to the time it takes for the market to reflect a shift in customer demand, as well as the time required for processing a new application, providing the commitment, and securitizing and selling the loan. The amount and timing of the impact will depend on the magnitude, speed and duration of the changes in interest rates. 
 The valuation of our residential MSRs can be highly subjective and involve complex judgments by management about matters that are inherently unpredictable. Changes in interest rates influence a variety of significant assumptions captured in the periodic valuation of residential MSRs, including prepayment rates, expected returns and potential risks on the servicing asset portfolio, costs to service, the value of escrow balances and other servicing valuation elements. See the Critical Accounting Policies Valuation of Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights section in this Report for additional information on the valuation of our residential MSRs. 
 An increase in interest rates generally reduces the propensity for refinancing, extends the expected duration of the servicing portfolio, and therefore increases the estimated fair 

value of the MSRs. However, an increase in interest rates can also reduce mortgage loan demand, including refinancing activity, which reduces noninterest income from origination activities. A decline in interest rates would generally have an opposite impact. 
 To reduce our exposure to changes in interest rates, our residential MSRs are economically hedged with a combination of derivative instruments, including interest rate swaps, Eurodollar futures, highly liquid mortgage forward contracts and interest rate options. Hedging the various sources of interest rate risk in mortgage banking is a complex process that requires sophisticated modeling and constant monitoring. There are several potential risks to earnings from mortgage banking related to origination volumes and mix, valuation of MSRs and associated hedging results, the relationship and degree of volatility between short-term and long-term interest rates, and changes in servicing and foreclosures costs. While we attempt to balance our mortgage banking interest rate and market risks, the financial instruments we use may not perfectly correlate with the values and income being hedged. 
 The size of the hedge and the particular combination of hedging instruments at any point in time is designed to reduce the volatility of our earnings over various time frames within a range of mortgage interest rates. Market factors, the composition of the mortgage servicing portfolio, and the relationship between the origination and servicing sides of our mortgage businesses change continually, and therefore the types of instruments used in our hedging are reviewed daily and rebalanced based on our evaluation of current market factors and the interest rate risk inherent in our portfolio. 
 For additional information on mortgage banking, including key assumptions and the sensitivity of the fair value of MSRs, see Note 6 (Mortgage Banking Activities), Note 14 (Derivatives), and Note 15 (Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 
 MARKET RISK Market risk is the risk of possible economic loss from adverse changes in market risk factors such as interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity prices, and the risk of possible loss due to counterparty exposure. This applies to implied volatility risk, basis risk, and market liquidity risk. It includes price risk in the trading book, mortgage servicing rights, the hedge effectiveness risk associated with the mortgage book held at fair value, and impairment on private equity investments. 
 The Board s Finance Committee has primary oversight responsibility for market risk and oversees the Company s market risk exposure and market risk management strategies. In addition, the Board s Risk Committee has certain oversight responsibilities with respect to market risk, including counterparty risk. The Finance Committee also reports key market risk matters to the Risk Committee. 
 At the management level, the Market and Counterparty Risk Management function, which is part of IRM, has oversight responsibility for market risk across the enterprise. The Market and Counterparty Risk Management function reports into Corporate and Investment Banking Risk and provides periodic reports related to market risk to the Board s Finance Committee and Risk Committee , as applicable. 
 
 MARKET RISK TRADING ACTIVITIES We engage in trading activities to accommodate the investment and risk management activities of our customers and to execute economic hedging to manage certain balance sheet risks. These trading activities predominantly occur within our CIB businesses and, to a lesser extent, other businesses of the Company. Debt securities held 

Wells Fargo Company 47 

Risk Management Asset/Liability Management (continued) 

 for trading, equity securities held for trading, trading loans, and trading derivatives are financial instruments used in our trading activities, and all are carried at fair value. Income earned on the financial instruments used in our trading activities include net interest income, changes in fair value, and realized gains and losses. Net interest income earned from our trading activities is reflected in the interest income and interest expense components of our consolidated statement of income. Changes in fair value of the financial instruments used in our trading activities are reflected in net gains from trading activities. For additional information on the financial instruments used in our trading activities and the income from these trading activities, see Note 2 (Trading Activities) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 Value-at-risk (VaR) is a statistical risk measure used to estimate the potential loss from adverse moves in the financial markets. The Company uses VaR metrics complemented with sensitivity analysis and stress testing in measuring and monitoring market risk. These market risk measures are monitored at both the business unit level and at aggregated levels on a daily basis. Our corporate market risk management function aggregates and monitors exposures against our established risk appetite. Changes to the market risk profile are 

analyzed and reported on a daily basis. The Company monitors various market risk exposure measures from a variety of perspectives, including line of business, product, risk type, and legal entity. 
 Trading VaR is the measure used to provide insight into the market risk exhibited by the Company s trading positions. The Company calculates Trading VaR for risk management purposes to establish and monitor line of business and Company-wide risk limits. Trading VaR is calculated based on all trading positions on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 Table 31 shows the Company s Trading General VaR by risk category. Our Trading General VaR uses a historical simulation model which assumes that historical changes in market values are representative of the potential future outcomes and measures the expected earnings loss of the Company over a 
 1-day time interval at a 99 confidence level. Our historical simulation model is based on equally weighted data from a 
 12-month historical look-back period. We believe using a 
 12-month look-back period helps ensure the Company s VaR is responsive to current market conditions. The 99 confidence level equates to an expectation that the Company would incur single-day trading losses in excess of the VaR estimate on average once every 100 trading days. 

Table 31: Trading 1-Day 99 General VaR by Risk Category 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 2022 (in millions) Period end Average Low High Period end Average Low High Company Trading General VaR Risk Categories 
 Credit 30 35 20 52 29 32 19 85 Interest rate 16 33 9 65 25 25 9 88 Equity 23 21 13 31 27 23 13 38 Commodity 3 4 2 8 4 6 2 20 Foreign exchange 1 1 0 4 1 1 0 2 Diversification benefit (1) (36) (59) (47) (52) Company Trading General VaR 
 37 35 39 35 
 (1) The period-end VaR was less than the sum of the VaR components described above due to portfolio diversification. The diversification effect arises because the risks are not perfectly correlated causing a portfolio of positions to usually be less risky than the sum of the risks of the positions alone. The diversification benefit is not meaningful for low and high metrics since they may occur on different days. 
 Sensitivity Analysis Given the inherent limitations of the VaR models, the Company uses other measures, including sensitivity analysis, to measure and monitor risk. Sensitivity analysis is the measure of exposure to a single risk factor, such as a 0.01 increase in interest rates or a 1 increase in equity prices. We conduct and monitor sensitivity on interest rates, credit spreads, volatility, equity, commodity, and foreign exchange exposure. Sensitivity analysis complements VaR as it provides an indication of risk relative to each factor irrespective of historical market moves. 
 Stress Testing While VaR captures the risk of loss due to adverse changes in markets using recent historical market data, stress testing is designed to capture the Company s exposure to extreme but low probability market movements. Stress scenarios estimate the risk of losses based on management s assumptions of abnormal but severe market movements such as severe credit spread widening or a large decline in equity prices. These scenarios assume that the market moves happen instantaneously and no repositioning or hedging activity takes place to mitigate losses as events unfold (a conservative approach since experience demonstrates otherwise). 

An inventory of scenarios is maintained representing both historical and hypothetical stress events that affect a broad range of market risk factors with varying degrees of correlation and differing time horizons. Hypothetical scenarios assess the impact of large movements in financial variables on portfolio values. Typical examples include a 1 (100 basis point) increase across the yield curve or a 10 decline in equity market indexes. Historical scenarios utilize an event-driven approach: the stress scenarios are based on plausible but rare events, and the analysis addresses how these events might affect the risk factors relevant to a portfolio. 
 The Company s stress testing framework is also used in calculating results in support of the Federal Reserve Board s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) and internal stress tests. Stress scenarios are regularly reviewed and updated to address potential market events or concerns. For more detail on the CCAR process, see the Capital Management section in this Report. 
 
 MARKET RISK EQUITY SECURITIES We are directly and indirectly affected by changes in the equity markets. We make and manage equity investments in various businesses, such as start-up companies and emerging growth companies. We also invest in 

48 
 Wells Fargo Company 

funds that make similar private equity investments. These private equity investments are made within capital allocations approved by management and the Board. The Board reviews business developments, key risks and historical returns for the private equity investment portfolio at least annually. Management reviews these investments at least quarterly to assess them for impairment and observable price changes. For nonmarketable equity securities, the analysis is based on facts and circumstances of each individual investment and the expectations for that investment s cash flows, capital needs, the viability of its business model, our exit strategy, and observable price changes that are similar to the investments held. Investments in nonmarketable equity securities include private equity investments accounted for under the equity method, fair value through net income, and the measurement alternative. 
 As part of our business to support our customers, we trade public equities, listed/over-the-counter equity derivatives, and convertible bonds. We have parameters that govern these activities. We also have marketable equity securities that include investments relating to our venture capital activities. We manage these marketable equity securities within capital risk limits approved by management and the Board and monitored by Corporate ALCO and the Market Risk Committee. The fair value changes in these marketable equity securities are recognized in net income. For additional information, see Note 4 (Equity Securities) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 Changes in equity market prices may also indirectly affect our net income by (1) the value of third-party assets under management and, hence, fee income, (2) borrowers whose ability to repay principal and/or interest may be affected by the stock market, or (3) brokerage activity, related commission income and other business activities. Each business line monitors and manages these indirect risks. 

LIQUIDITY RISK AND FUNDING Liquidity risk is the risk arising from the inability of the Company to meet obligations when they come due, or roll over funds at a reasonable cost, without incurring heightened costs. In the ordinary course of business, we enter into contractual obligations that may require future cash payments, including funding for customer loan requests, customer deposit maturities and withdrawals, debt service, leases for premises and equipment, and other cash commitments. Liquidity risk also considers the stability of deposits, including the risk of losing uninsured or non-operational deposits. The objective of effective liquidity management is to be able to meet our contractual obligations and other cash commitments efficiently under both normal operating conditions and under periods of Wells Fargo-specific and/or market stress. For additional information on these obligations, see the following sections and Notes to Financial Statements in this Report: 
 Unfunded Credit Commitments section within Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses (Note 5) 
 Leasing Activity (Note 8) 
 Deposits (Note 9) 
 Long-Term Debt (Note 10) 
 Guarantees and Other Commitments (Note 17) 
 Employee Benefits (Note 22) 
 Income Taxes (Note 23) 

To help achieve this objective, the Board establishes liquidity guidelines that require sufficient asset-based liquidity to cover potential funding requirements and to avoid over-dependence on volatile, less reliable funding markets. These guidelines are monitored on a monthly basis by the management-level Corporate Asset/Liability Committee and on a quarterly basis by the Board. These guidelines are established and monitored for both the Company and the Parent on a stand-alone basis so that the Parent is a source of strength for its banking subsidiaries. 
 Liquidity Stress Tests Liquidity stress tests are performed to help the Company maintain sufficient liquidity to meet contractual and contingent outflows modeled under a variety of stress scenarios. Our scenarios utilize market-wide as well as idiosyncratic events, including a range of stress conditions and time horizons. Stress testing results facilitate evaluation of the Company s projected liquidity position during stress and inform future needs in the Company s funding plan. 
 
 Contingency Funding Plan Our contingency funding plan (CFP), which is approved by the Corporate Asset/Liability Committee and the Board s Risk Committee, sets out the Company s strategies and action plans to address potential liquidity needs during market-wide or idiosyncratic liquidity events. The CFP establishes measures for monitoring emerging liquidity events and describes the processes for communicating and managing stress events should they occur. The CFP also identifies alternate funding and liquidity strategies available to the Company in a period of stress. 
 Liquidity Standards We are subject to a rule issued by the FRB, OCC and FDIC that establishes a quantitative minimum liquidity requirement consistent with the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) established by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS). The rule requires a covered banking organization to hold high-quality liquid assets (HQLA) in an amount equal to or greater than its projected net cash outflows during a 30-day stress period. Our HQLA under the rule predominantly consists of central bank deposits, government debt securities, and mortgage-backed securities of federal agencies. The LCR applies to the Company and to our insured depository institutions (IDIs) with total assets of 10 billion or more. In addition, rules issued by the FRB impose enhanced liquidity risk management standards on large bank holding companies (BHCs), such as Wells Fargo. 
 We are also subject to a rule issued by the FRB, OCC and FDIC that establishes a stable funding requirement, known as the net stable funding ratio (NSFR), which requires a covered banking organization, such as Wells Fargo, to maintain a minimum amount of stable funding, including common equity, long-term debt and most types of deposits, in relation to its assets, derivative exposures and commitments over a one-year horizon period. The NSFR applies to the Company and to our IDIs with total assets of 10 billion or more. As of December 31, 2023, we were compliant with the NSFR requirement. 

Wells Fargo Company 49 

Risk Management Asset/Liability Management (continued) 

 Liquidity Coverage Ratio As of December 31, 2023, the Company, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo National Bank West exceeded the minimum LCR requirement of 100 . 
 Table 32 presents the Company s quarterly average values for the daily-calculated LCR and its components calculated pursuant 

to the LCR rule requirements. The LCR represents average HQLA divided by average projected net cash outflows, as each is defined under the LCR rule. 

Table 32: Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
 Average for quarter ended (in millions, except ratio) Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 HQLA (1): Eligible cash 187,133 154,258 123,446 Eligible securities (2) 162,930 191,606 231,337 Total HQLA 350,063 345,864 354,783 Projected net cash outflows (3) 279,903 280,468 292,001 LCR 125 123 122 
 (1) Excludes excess HQLA at certain subsidiaries that are not transferable to other Wells Fargo entities. 
 (2) Net of applicable haircuts required under the LCR rule. 
 (3) Projected net cash outflows are calculated by applying a standardized set of outflow and inflow assumptions, defined by the LCR rule, to various exposures and liability types, such as deposits and unfunded loan commitments, which are prescribed based on a number of factors, including the type of customer and the nature of the account. 
 Liquidity Sources We maintain liquidity in the form of cash, interest-earning deposits with banks, and unencumbered high-quality, liquid debt securities. These assets make up our primary sources of liquidity. Our primary sources of liquidity are substantially the same in composition as HQLA under the LCR rule; however, our primary sources of liquidity will generally 

exceed HQLA calculated under the LCR rule due to the applicable haircuts to HQLA and the exclusion of excess HQLA at our subsidiary IDIs required under the LCR rule. Our primary sources of liquidity are presented in Table 33 at fair value, which also includes encumbered securities that are not included as available HQLA in the calculation of the LCR. 

Table 33: Primary Sources of Liquidity 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 (in millions) Total Encumbered Unencumbered Total Encumbered Unencumbered Interest-earning deposits with banks (1) 203,026 203,026 124,561 124,561 Debt securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 47,754 9,351 38,403 59,570 12,080 47,490 Federal agency mortgage-backed securities (2) 
 237,966 28,471 209,495 230,881 34,151 196,730 Total 488,746 37,822 450,924 415,012 46,231 368,781 
 (1) Excludes time deposits, which are included in interest-earning deposits with banks in our consolidated balance sheet. 
 (2) Encumbered securities at December 31, 2023, included securities with a fair value of 545 million which were purchased in December 2023, but settled in January 2024. 
 
 Our interest-earning deposits with banks are mainly on deposit with the Federal Reserve. We believe the debt securities included in Table 33 provide quick and reliable sources of liquidity through sales or by pledging to obtain financing, regardless of market conditions. Debt securities within our HTM portfolio are not intended for sale but may be pledged to obtain financing. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 485.8 billion of available borrowing capacity at various Federal Home Loan Banks and the Federal Reserve Discount Window, based on collateral pledged. Although available, we do not view this borrowing capacity as a primary source of liquidity. 
 In addition, liquidity is also available through the sale or financing of other debt securities, including trading and/or AFS debt securities, as well as through the sale, securitization, or financing of loans, to the extent such debt securities and loans are not encumbered. 
 
 Funding Sources The Parent acts as a source of funding for the Company through the issuance of long-term debt and equity. WFC Holdings, LLC (the IHC is an intermediate holding company and subsidiary of the Parent, which provides funding support for the ongoing operational requirements of the Parent 

and certain of its direct and indirect subsidiaries. For additional information on the IHC, see the Regulatory Matters Living Will Requirements and Related Matters section in this Report. Additional subsidiary funding is provided by deposits, short-term borrowings and long-term debt. 
 Deposits have historically provided a sizable source of relatively low-cost funds. Loans were 69 of total deposits at both December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Table 34 presents a summary of our short-term borrowings, which generally mature in less than 30 days. The balances of federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase may vary over time due to client activity, our own demand for financing, and our overall mix of liabilities. For additional information on the classification of our short-term borrowings, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this Report. We pledge certain financial instruments that we own to collateralize repurchase agreements and other securities financings. For additional information, see the Pledged Assets section of 
 Note 19 (Pledged Assets and Collateral) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

50 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Table 34: Short-Term Borrowings 
 (in millions) 
 Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 77,676 30,623 Other short-term borrowings (1) 11,883 20,522 Total 
 89,559 51,145 
 (1) Includes 0 and 7.0 billion of Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) advances at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 We access domestic and international capital markets for long-term funding through issuances of registered debt securities, private placements and asset-backed secured funding. We issue long-term debt in a variety of maturities and currencies to achieve cost-efficient funding and to maintain an appropriate maturity profile. Proceeds from securities issued were used for general corporate purposes unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus or prospectus supplement, and we expect the proceeds from securities issued in the future will be used for the same purposes. Depending on market conditions and our 

liquidity position, we may redeem or repurchase, and subsequently retire, our outstanding debt securities in privately negotiated or open market transactions, by tender offer, or otherwise. 
 Table 35 presents a summary of our long-term debt. For additional information on our long-term debt, including contractual maturities, see Note 10 (Long-Term Debt), and for information on the classification of our long-term debt, see 
 Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

Table 35: Long-Term Debt 
 (in millions) 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 Wells Fargo Company (Parent Only) 148,312 134,401 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and other bank entities (Bank) (1) 58,466 39,189 Other consolidated subsidiaries 810 1,280 Total 207,588 174,870 
 (1) Includes 38.0 billion and 27.0 billion of FHLB advances at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. For additional information, see Note 10 (Long-Term Debt) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 Credit Ratings Investors in the long-term capital markets, as well as other market participants, generally will consider, among other factors, a company s debt rating in making investment decisions. Rating agencies base their ratings on many quantitative and qualitative factors, including capital adequacy, liquidity, asset quality, business mix, the level and quality of earnings, and rating agency assumptions regarding the probability and extent of federal financial assistance or support for certain large financial institutions. Adverse changes in these factors could result in a reduction of our credit rating; however, our debt securities do not contain credit rating covenants. 
 On October 2, 2023, S P Global Ratings affirmed the Company s ratings and maintained the stable outlook. On October 23, 2023, Moody s affirmed the Company s ratings and retained the stable outlook. On November 13, 2023, Moody s affirmed the ratings for Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. but changed the outlook to negative from stable for long-term bank deposits, long-term issuer ratings, and senior unsecured debt. 

Moody s indicated that the outlook change reflected their view of the potentially weaker capacity of the U.S government to support systemically important banks in the U.S., as reflected in Moody s recent change in the outlook on the U.S. government to negative from stable. There were no other actions undertaken by the rating agencies with regard to our credit ratings during fourth quarter 2023. 
 See the Risk Factors section in this Report for additional information regarding our credit ratings and the potential impact a credit rating downgrade would have on our liquidity and operations as well as Note 14 (Derivatives) to Financial Statements in this Report for information regarding additional collateral and funding obligations required for certain derivative instruments in the event our credit ratings were to fall below investment grade. 
 The credit ratings of the Parent and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as of December 31, 2023, are presented in Table 36. 

Table 36: Credit Ratings as of December 31, 2023 
 Wells Fargo Company Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Senior debt Short-term 
 borrowings 
 Long-term 
 deposits 
 Short-term 
 borrowings 
 Moody s A1 P-1 Aa1 P-1 S P Global Ratings BBB+ A-2 A+ A-1 Fitch Ratings A+ F1 AA F1+ DBRS Morningstar AA (low) R-1 (middle) AA R-1 (high) 

Wells Fargo Company 51 

Capital Management 
 We have an active program for managing capital through a comprehensive process for assessing the Company s overall capital adequacy. Our objective is to maintain capital at an amount commensurate with our risk profile and risk tolerance objectives, and to meet both regulatory and market expectations. We primarily fund our capital needs through the retention of earnings net of both dividends and share repurchases, as well as through the issuance of preferred stock and long- and short-term debt. Retained earnings at December 31, 2023, increased 13.2 billion from December 31, 2022, predominantly as a result of 19.1 billion of Wells Fargo net income, partially offset by 6.0 billion of common and preferred stock dividends. During 2023, we issued 1.6 billion of common stock, substantially all of which was issued in connection with employee compensation and benefits. In 2023, we repurchased 272 million shares of common stock at a cost of 12.0 billion. For additional information about capital planning, see the Capital Planning and Stress Testing section below. 
 In 2023, we issued 1.725 billion of our Preferred Stock, Series EE, and redeemed all of our Preferred Stock, Series Q. 
 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements 
 The Company and each of our IDIs are subject to various regulatory capital adequacy requirements administered by the FRB and the OCC. Risk-based capital rules establish risk-adjusted ratios relating regulatory capital to different categories of assets and off-balance sheet exposures as discussed below. 
 
 RISK-BASED CAPITAL AND RISK-WEIGHTED ASSETS The Company is subject to rules issued by federal banking regulators to implement Basel III capital requirements for U.S. banking organizations. The rules contain two frameworks for calculating capital requirements, a Standardized Approach and an Advanced Approach applicable to certain institutions, including Wells Fargo, and we must calculate our risk-based capital ratios under both approaches. The Company is required to satisfy the risk-based capital ratio requirements to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. 
 On July 27, 2023, federal banking regulators issued a proposed rule to implement the final components of Basel III, which would impact risk-based capital requirements for certain banks. The proposed rule would eliminate the current Advanced Approach and replace it with a new expanded risk-based approach for the measurement of risk-weighted assets, including more granular risk weights for credit risk, a new market risk framework, and a new standardized approach for measuring operational risk. The new requirements would be phased in over a three-year period beginning July 1, 2025. The Company expects a significant increase in its risk-weighted assets and a net increase in its capital requirements based on an assessment of the proposed rule. The Company is considering a range of potential actions to address the impact of the proposed rule, including balance sheet and capital optimization strategies. 
 Table 37 and Table 38 present the risk-based capital requirements applicable to the Company under the Standardized Approach and Advanced Approach, respectively, as of December 31, 2023. 

Table 37: Risk-Based Capital Requirements Standardized Approach 
 
 Table 38: Risk-Based Capital Requirements Advanced Approach 
 
 In addition to the risk-based capital requirements described in Table 37 and Table 38, if the FRB determines that a period of excessive credit growth is contributing to an increase in systemic risk, a countercyclical buffer of up to 2.50 could be added to the risk-based capital ratio requirements under federal banking regulations. The countercyclical buffer in effect at December 31, 2023, was 0.00 . 
 The capital conservation buffer is applicable to certain institutions, including Wells Fargo, under the Advanced Approach and is intended to absorb losses during times of economic or financial stress. 
 The stress capital buffer is calculated based on the decrease in a BHC s risk-based capital ratios under the severely adverse scenario in the FRB s annual supervisory stress test and related Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR), plus four quarters of planned common stock dividends. Because the stress capital buffer is calculated annually based on data that can differ over time, our stress capital buffer, and thus our risk-based capital ratio requirements under the Standardized Approach, are subject to change in future periods. Our stress capital buffer for the period October 1, 2023, through September 30, 2024, is 2.90 . 

52 
 Wells Fargo Company 

As a global systemically important bank (G-SIB), we are also subject to the FRB s rule implementing an additional capital surcharge between 1.00-4.50 on the risk-based capital ratio requirements of G-SIBs. Under the rule, we must annually calculate our surcharge under two methods and use the higher 
 of the two surcharges. The first method (method one) considers our size, interconnectedness, cross-jurisdictional activity, substitutability, and complexity, consistent with the methodology developed by the BCBS and the Financial Stability Board (FSB). The second method (method two) uses similar inputs, but replaces substitutability with use of short-term wholesale funding and will generally result in higher surcharges than under method one. Because the G-SIB capital surcharge is calculated annually based on data that can differ over time, the amount of the surcharge is subject to change in future years. If our annual calculation results in a decrease to our G-SIB capital surcharge, the decrease takes effect the next calendar year. If our annual calculation results in an increase to our G-SIB capital 

surcharge, the increase takes effect in two calendar years. Our 
 G-SIB capital surcharge will continue to be 1.50 in 2024. On July 27, 2023, the FRB issued a proposed rule that would impact the methodology used to calculate the G-SIB capital surcharge. 
 Under the risk-based capital rules, on-balance sheet assets and credit equivalent amounts of derivatives and off-balance sheet items are assigned to one of several broad risk categories according to the obligor, or, if relevant, the guarantor or the nature of any collateral. The aggregate dollar amount in each risk category is then multiplied by the risk weight associated with that category. The resulting weighted values from each of the risk categories are aggregated for determining total risk-weighted assets (RWAs). 
 The tables that follow provide information about our risk-based capital and related ratios as calculated under Basel III capital rules. Table 39 summarizes our CET1, Tier 1 capital, total capital, RWAs and capital ratios. 

Table 39: Capital Components and Ratios 
 
 Standardized Approach Advanced Approach in millions) Required Capital Ratios (1) Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Required Capital Ratios (1) Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Common Equity Tier 1 (A) 140,783 133,527 140,783 133,527 Tier 1 capital (B) 159,823 152,567 159,823 152,567 Total capital (C) 193,061 186,747 182,726 177,258 Risk-weighted assets (D) 1,231,668 1,259,889 1,114,281 1,112,307 Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio (A)/(D) 8.90 11.43 10.60 8.50 12.63 12.00 Tier 1 capital ratio (B)/(D) 10.40 12.98 12.11 10.00 14.34 13.72 Total capital ratio (C)/(D) 12.40 15.67 14.82 12.00 16.40 15.94 
 Denotes the binding ratio under the Standardized and Advanced Approaches at December 31, 2023. 
 (1) Represents the minimum ratios required to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments at December 31, 2023. 

Wells Fargo Company 53 

Capital Management (continued) 

 Table 40 provides information regarding the calculation and composition of our risk-based capital under the Standardized and Advanced Approaches. 

Table 40: Risk-Based Capital Calculation and Components 
 (in millions) Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Total equity (1) 187,443 182,213 Effect of accounting policy change (1) 338 Total equity (as reported) 187,443 181,875 Adjustments: Preferred stock (19,448) (19,448) Additional paid-in capital on preferred stock 157 173 Noncontrolling interests (1,708) (1,986) Total common stockholders equity 166,444 160,614 Adjustments: Goodwill (25,175) (25,173) Certain identifiable intangible assets (other than MSRs) (118) (152) Goodwill and other intangibles on investments in consolidated portfolio companies (included in other assets) (2) 
 (878) (2,427) Applicable deferred taxes related to goodwill and other intangible assets (3) 
 919 890 CECL transition provision (4) 
 120 180 Other (529) (405) Common Equity Tier 1 under the Standardized and Advanced Approaches 140,783 133,527 Preferred stock 19,448 19,448 Additional paid-in capital on preferred stock (157) (173) Other (251) (235) Total Tier 1 capital under the Standardized and Advanced Approaches (A) 159,823 152,567 Long-term debt and other instruments qualifying as Tier 2 19,020 20,503 Qualifying allowance for credit losses (5) 
 14,805 13,959 Other (587) (282) Total Tier 2 capital under the Standardized Approach (B) 33,238 34,180 Total qualifying capital under the Standardized Approach (A)+(B) 193,061 186,747 Long-term debt and other instruments qualifying as Tier 2 19,020 20,503 Qualifying allowance for credit losses (5) 
 4,470 4,470 Other (587) (282) Total Tier 2 capital under the Advanced Approach (C) 22,903 24,691 Total qualifying capital under the Advanced Approach (A)+(C) 182,726 177,258 
 (1) In first quarter 2023, we adopted ASU 2018-12. We adopted this ASU with retrospective application, which required revision of prior period financial statements. Prior period risk-based capital and certain other regulatory related metrics were not revised. For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 (2) In third quarter 2023, we sold investments in certain private equity funds. As a result, we have removed the related goodwill and other intangible assets on investments in consolidated portfolio companies. 
 (3) Determined by applying the combined federal statutory rate and composite state income tax rates to the difference between book and tax basis of the respective goodwill and intangible assets at period-end. 
 (4) In second quarter 2020, the Company elected to apply a modified transition provision issued by federal banking regulators related to the impact of the current expected credit loss accounting standard (CECL) on regulatory capital. The rule permits certain banking organizations to exclude from regulatory capital the initial adoption impact of CECL, plus 25 of the cumulative changes in the allowance for credit losses (ACL) under CECL for each period until December 31, 2021, followed by a three-year phase-out period in which the benefit is reduced by 25 in year one, 50 in year two and 75 in year three. 
 (5) Differences between the approaches are driven by the qualifying amounts of ACL includable in Tier 2 capital. Under the Advanced Approach, eligible credit reserves represented by the amount of qualifying ACL in excess of expected credit losses (using regulatory definitions) is limited to 0.60 of Advanced credit RWAs, whereas the Standardized Approach includes ACL in Tier 2 capital up to 1.25 of Standardized credit RWAs. Under both approaches, any excess ACL is deducted from the respective total RWAs. 

54 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Table 41 provides the composition and net changes in the components of RWAs under the Standardized and Advanced Approaches. 

Table 41: Risk-Weighted Assets 
 
 Standardized Approach Advanced Approach (1) (in millions) Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Change 2023/ 2022 Risk-weighted assets (RWAs): Credit risk 1,182,805 1,218,006 (35,201) 756,905 757,436 (531) Market risk 48,863 41,883 6,980 48,863 41,883 6,980 Operational risk N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 308,513 312,988 (4,475) Total RWAs 1,231,668 1,259,889 (28,221) 1,114,281 1,112,307 1,974 
 (1) RWAs calculated under the Advanced Approach utilize a risk-sensitive methodology, which relies upon the use of internal credit models based upon our experience with internal rating grades. The Advanced Approach also includes an operational risk component, which reflects the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from external events. 
 Table 42 provides an analysis of changes in CET1. 

Table 42: Analysis of Changes in Common Equity Tier 1 (in millions) 
 Common Equity Tier 1 at December 31, 2022 
 133,527 Cumulative effect from change in accounting policy (1) 323 Net income applicable to common stock 17,982 Common stock dividends (4,796) Common stock issued, repurchased, and stock compensation-related items (9,799) Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 1,784 Goodwill (2) Certain identifiable intangible assets (other than MSRs) 34 Goodwill and other intangibles on investments in consolidated portfolio companies (included in other assets) (2) 
 1,549 Applicable deferred taxes related to goodwill and other intangible assets (3) 
 29 CECL transition provision (4) 
 (60) Other (5) 
 212 Change in Common Equity Tier 1 7,256 Common Equity Tier 1 at December 31, 2023 
 140,783 
 (1) Effective January 1, 2023, we adopted ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures . For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 (2) In third quarter 2023, we sold investments in certain private equity funds. As a result, we have removed the related goodwill and other intangible assets on investments in consolidated portfolio companies. 
 (3) Determined by applying the combined federal statutory rate and composite state income tax rates to the difference between book and tax basis of the respective goodwill and intangible assets at period-end. 
 (4) In second quarter 2020, the Company elected to apply a modified transition provision issued by federal banking regulators related to the impact of CECL on regulatory capital. The rule permits certain banking organizations to exclude from regulatory capital the initial adoption impact of CECL, plus 25 of the cumulative changes in the allowance for credit losses (ACL) under CECL for each period until December 31, 2021, followed by a three-year phase-out period in which the benefit is reduced by 25 in year one, 50 in year two and 75 in year three. 
 (5) Includes 338 million related to our first quarter 2023 adoption of ASU 2018-12. For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 
 Wells Fargo Company 55 

Capital Management (continued) 

 TANGIBLE COMMON EQUITY We also evaluate our business based on certain ratios that utilize tangible common equity. Tangible common equity is a non-GAAP financial measure and represents total equity less preferred equity, noncontrolling interests, goodwill, certain identifiable intangible assets (other than MSRs) and goodwill and other intangibles on investments in consolidated portfolio companies, net of applicable deferred taxes. The ratios are (i) tangible book value per common share, which represents tangible common equity divided by common shares outstanding; and (ii) return on average tangible common 

equity (ROTCE), which represents our annualized earnings as a percentage of tangible common equity. The methodology of determining tangible common equity may differ among companies. Management believes that tangible book value per common share and return on average tangible common equity, which utilize tangible common equity, are useful financial measures because they enable management, investors, and others to assess the Company s use of equity. 
 Table 43 provides a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures. 

Table 43: Tangible Common Equity 
 
 Balance at period-end Average balance Period ended 
 Year ended (in millions, except ratios) Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Total equity 187,443 182,213 189,889 184,860 183,167 190,502 Adjustments: Preferred stock (1) (19,448) (19,448) (20,057) (19,698) (19,930) (21,151) Additional paid-in capital on preferred stock (1) 157 173 136 168 143 137 Unearned ESOP shares (1) 646 512 874 Noncontrolling interests (1,708) (1,986) (2,503) (1,844) (2,323) (1,601) Total common stockholders equity (A) 166,444 160,952 168,111 163,486 161,569 168,761 Adjustments: Goodwill (25,175) (25,173) (25,180) (25,173) (25,177) (26,087) Certain identifiable intangible assets (other than MSRs) (118) (152) (225) (136) (190) (294) Goodwill and other intangibles on investments in consolidated portfolio companies (included in other assets) (2) 
 (878) (2,427) (2,437) (2,083) (2,359) (2,226) Applicable deferred taxes related to goodwill and other intangible assets (3) 920 890 765 906 864 867 Tangible common equity (B) 141,193 134,090 141,034 137,000 134,707 141,021 Common shares outstanding (C) 3,598.9 3,833.8 3,885.8 N/A N/A N/A Net income applicable to common stock (D) N/A N/A N/A 17,982 12,562 20,818 Book value per common share (A)/(C) 46.25 41.98 43.26 N/A N/A N/A Tangible book value per common share (B)/(C) 39.23 34.98 36.29 N/A N/A N/A Return on average common stockholders equity (ROE) (D)/(A) N/A N/A N/A 11.00 7.78 12.34 Return on average tangible common equity (ROTCE) (D)/(B) N/A N/A N/A 13.13 9.33 14.76 
 (1) In fourth quarter 2022, we redeemed all outstanding shares of our Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock in exchange for shares of the Company's common stock. 
 (2) In third quarter 2023, we sold investments in certain private equity funds. As a result, we have removed the related goodwill and other intangible assets on investments in consolidated portfolio companies. 
 (3) Determined by applying the combined federal statutory rate and composite state income tax rates to the difference between book and tax basis of the respective goodwill and intangible assets at period-end. 
 
 LEVERAGE REQUIREMENTS As a BHC, we are required to maintain a supplementary leverage ratio (SLR) to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments and maintain a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio. Table 44 presents the leverage requirements applicable to the Company as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Table 44: Leverage Requirements Applicable to the Company 

56 
 Wells Fargo Company 

In addition, our IDIs are required to maintain an SLR of at least 6.00 to be considered well capitalized under applicable regulatory capital adequacy rules and maintain a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4.00 . 
 Table 45 presents information regarding the calculation and components of the Company s SLR and Tier 1 leverage ratio. At December 31, 2023, each of our IDIs exceeded their applicable SLR requirements. 
 
 Table 45: Leverage Ratios for the Company 
 in millions) Quarter ended December 31, 2023 Tier 1 capital (A) 159,823 Total average assets 1,907,654 Less: Goodwill and other permitted Tier 1 capital deductions (net of deferred tax liabilities) 26,673 Total adjusted average assets 1,880,981 Plus adjustments for off-balance sheet exposures: Derivatives (1) 56,377 Repo-style transactions (2) 4,264 Other (3) 312,311 Total off-balance sheet exposures 372,952 Total leverage exposure (B) 2,253,933 Supplementary leverage ratio (A)/(B) 7.09 Tier 1 leverage ratio (4) 8.50 
 (1) Adjustment represents derivatives and collateral netting exposures as defined for supplementary leverage ratio determination purposes. 
 (2) Adjustment represents counterparty credit risk for repo-style transactions where Wells Fargo Company is the principal counterparty facing the client. 
 (3) Adjustment represents credit equivalent amounts of other off-balance sheet exposures not already included as derivatives and repo-style transactions exposures. 
 (4) The Tier 1 leverage ratio consists of Tier 1 capital divided by total average assets, excluding goodwill and certain other items as determined under the rule. 
 TOTAL LOSS ABSORBING CAPACITY As a G-SIB, we are required to have a minimum amount of equity and unsecured long-term debt for purposes of resolvability and resiliency, often referred to as Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC). U.S. G-SIBs are required to have a minimum amount of TLAC (consisting of CET1 capital and additional Tier 1 capital issued directly by the top-tier or covered BHC plus eligible external long-term debt) to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments as well as a minimum amount of eligible unsecured long-term debt. The components used to calculate our minimum TLAC and eligible unsecured long-term debt requirements as of December 31, 2023, are presented in Table 46. 
 Table 46: Components Used to Calculate TLAC and Eligible Unsecured Long-Term Debt Requirements 
 TLAC requirement 
 
 Greater of: 
 18.00 of RWAs 7.50 of total leverage exposure (the denominator of the SLR calculation) + + TLAC buffer (equal to 2.50 of RWAs + method one G-SIB capital surcharge + any countercyclical buffer) External TLAC leverage buffer (equal to 2.00 of total leverage exposure) Minimum amount of eligible unsecured long-term debt 
 
 Greater of: 
 6.00 of RWAs 4.50 of total leverage exposure + Greater of method one and method two G-SIB capital surcharge 

In August 2023, the FRB proposed rules that would, among other things, modify the calculation of eligible long-term debt that counts towards the TLAC requirements, which would reduce our TLAC ratios. 
 Table 47 provides our TLAC and eligible unsecured long-term debt and related ratios. 
 Table 47: TLAC and Eligible Unsecured Long-Term Debt 
 December 31, 2023 in millions) TLAC (1) Regulatory Minimum (2) Eligible Unsecured Long-term Debt Regulatory Minimum Total eligible amount 308,489 140,760 Percentage of RWAs (3) 25.05 21.50 11.43 7.50 Percentage of total leverage exposure 13.69 9.50 6.25 4.50 
 (1) TLAC ratios are calculated using the CECL transition provision issued by federal banking regulators. 
 (2) Represents the minimum required to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. 
 (3) Our minimum TLAC and eligible unsecured long-term debt requirements are calculated based on the greater of RWAs determined under the Standardized and Advanced Approaches. 
 OTHER REGULATORY CAPITAL AND LIQUIDITY MATTERS For information regarding the U.S. implementation of the Basel III LCR and NSFR, see the Risk Management Asset/ Liability Management Liquidity Risk and Funding Liquidity Standards section in this Report. 
 Our principal U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, and Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC, are subject to regulations to maintain minimum net capital requirements. As of December 31, 2023, these broker-dealer subsidiaries were in compliance with their respective regulatory minimum net capital requirements. 
 Capital Planning and Stress Testing 
 Our planned long-term capital structure is designed to meet regulatory and market expectations. We believe that our long-term targeted capital structure enables us to invest in and grow our business, satisfy our customers financial needs in varying environments, access markets, and maintain flexibility to return capital to our shareholders. Our long-term targeted capital structure also considers capital levels sufficient to exceed capital requirements, including the G-SIB capital surcharge and the stress capital buffer, as well as potential changes to regulatory requirements for our capital ratios, planned capital actions, changes in our risk profile and other factors. Accordingly, our long-term target capital levels are set above their respective regulatory minimums plus buffers. 
 The FRB capital plan rule establishes capital planning and other requirements that govern capital distributions, including dividends and share repurchases, by certain BHCs, including Wells Fargo. The FRB assesses, among other things, the overall financial condition, risk profile, and capital adequacy of BHCs when evaluating their capital plans. 
 As part of the annual CCAR, the FRB generates a supervisory stress test. The FRB reviews the supervisory stress test results as required under the Dodd-Frank Act using a common set of capital actions for all large BHCs and also reviews the Company s proposed capital actions. 
 Federal banking regulators also require large BHCs and banks to conduct their own stress tests to evaluate whether the institution has sufficient capital to continue to operate during periods of adverse economic and financial conditions. 

Wells Fargo Company 57 

Capital Management (continued) 

 Securities Repurchases 
 On July 25, 2023 we announced that our Board authorized a common stock repurchase program of up to 30 billion. Unless modified or revoked by the Board, this authorization does not expire and is our only common stock repurchase program in effect. At December 31, 2023, we had remaining Board authority to repurchase up to approximately 26.7 billion of common stock. 
 Various factors impact the amount and timing of our share repurchases, including the earnings, cash requirements and financial condition of the Company, the impact to our balance sheet of expected customer activity, our capital requirements and long-term targeted capital structure, the results of supervisory stress tests, market conditions (including the trading price of our stock), and regulatory and legal considerations, 

including regulatory requirements under the FRB s capital plan rule. Although we announce when the Board authorizes a share repurchase program, we typically do not give any public notice before we repurchase our shares. Due to the various factors that may impact the amount and timing of our share repurchases and the fact that we may be in the market throughout the year, our share repurchases occur at various prices. We may suspend share repurchase activity at any time. 
 Furthermore, the Company has a variety of benefit plans in which employees may own or obtain shares of our common stock. The Company may buy shares from these plans to accommodate employee preferences and these purchases are subtracted from our repurchase authority. 
 For additional information about share repurchases during fourth quarter 2023, see Part II, Item 5 in our 2023 Form 10-K. 

Regulatory Matters 
 The U.S. financial services industry is subject to significant regulation and regulatory oversight initiatives. This regulation and oversight may continue to impact how U.S. financial services companies conduct business and may continue to result in increased regulatory compliance costs. The following highlights the more significant regulations and regulatory oversight initiatives that have affected or may affect our business. For additional information about the regulatory matters discussed below and other regulations and regulatory oversight matters, see Part I, Item 1 Regulation and Supervision of our 2023 Form 10-K, and the Overview, Capital Management, Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors sections and Note 26 (Regulatory Capital Requirements and Other Restrictions) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 
 Dodd-Frank Act 
 The Dodd-Frank Act is the most significant financial reform legislation since the 1930s. The following provides additional information on the Dodd-Frank Act, including certain of its rulemaking initiatives. 
 Enhanced supervision and regulation of systemically important firms . The Dodd-Frank Act grants broad authority to federal banking regulators to establish enhanced supervisory and regulatory requirements for systemically important firms. The FRB has finalized a number of regulations implementing enhanced prudential requirements for large bank holding companies (BHCs) like Wells Fargo regarding risk-based capital and leverage, risk and liquidity management, single counterparty credit limits, and imposing debt-to-equity limits on any BHC that regulators determine poses a grave threat to the financial stability of the United States. The FRB and OCC have also finalized rules implementing stress testing requirements for large BHCs and national banks. Furthermore, to promote a BHC s safety and soundness and the financial and operational resilience of its operations, the FRB has finalized guidance regarding effective boards of directors of large BHCs. The OCC, under separate authority, has finalized guidelines establishing heightened governance and risk management standards for large national banks such as Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. The OCC guidelines require covered banks to establish and adhere to a written risk governance framework to manage and control their risk-taking activities. The guidelines also formalize roles and responsibilities for risk management practices within covered banks and create certain risk oversight responsibilities for their boards of directors. In addition to 

the authorization of enhanced supervisory and regulatory requirements for systemically important firms, the Dodd-Frank Act also established the Financial Stability Oversight Council and the Office of Financial Research, which may recommend new systemic risk management requirements and require new reporting of systemic risks. 
 Regulation of consumer financial products. The Dodd-Frank Act established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) to ensure that consumers receive clear and accurate disclosures regarding financial products and are protected from unfair, deceptive or abusive practices. The CFPB has issued and proposed a number of rules impacting consumer financial products, including rules impacting residential mortgage lending, credit cards, and other financial products and banking related activities, as well as the fees that may be charged for certain banking products and services. In addition to these rulemaking activities, the CFPB is continuing its ongoing supervisory examination activities of the financial services industry with respect to a number of consumer businesses and products, including mortgage lending and servicing, fair lending requirements, and auto finance. 
 Regulation of swaps and other derivatives activities . The Dodd-Frank Act established a comprehensive framework for regulating over-the-counter derivatives, and, pursuant to authority granted by the Dodd-Frank Act, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) have adopted comprehensive sets of rules regulating swaps and security-based swaps, respectively, and the OCC and other federal regulatory agencies have adopted margin requirements for uncleared swaps and security-based swaps. As a registered swap dealer and a conditionally-registered security-based swap dealer, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., is subject to these rules. These rules, as well as others adopted or under consideration by regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, may negatively impact customer demand for over-the-counter derivatives, impact our ability to offer customers new derivatives or amendments to existing derivatives, and may increase our costs for engaging in swaps, security-based swaps, and other derivatives activities. 
 
 Regulatory Capital, Leverage, and Liquidity Requirements 
 The Company and each of our IDIs are subject to various regulatory capital adequacy requirements administered by the FRB and the OCC. For example, the Company is subject to rules 

58 
 Wells Fargo Company 

issued by federal banking regulators to implement Basel III risk-based capital requirements for U.S. banking organizations. The Company and its IDIs are also required to maintain specified leverage and supplementary leverage ratios. In addition, the Company is required to have a minimum amount of total loss absorbing capacity for purposes of resolvability and resiliency. Federal banking regulators have also issued final rules requiring a liquidity coverage ratio and a net stable funding ratio. For additional information on the final risk-based capital, leverage and liquidity rules, and additional capital requirements applicable to us, see the Capital Management and Risk Management Asset/Liability Management Liquidity Risk and Funding Liquidity Standards sections in this Report. 
 
 Living Will Requirements and Related Matters 
 Rules adopted by the FRB and the FDIC under the Dodd-Frank Act require large financial institutions, including Wells Fargo, to prepare and periodically submit resolution plans, also known as living wills, designed to facilitate their rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure. Under the rules, rapid and orderly resolution means a reorganization or liquidation of the covered company under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code that can be accomplished in a reasonable period of time and in a manner that substantially mitigates the risk that failure would have serious adverse effects on the financial stability of the United States. In addition to the Company s resolution plan, our national bank subsidiary, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the Bank ), is also required to prepare and periodically submit a resolution plan. If the FRB and/or FDIC determine that our resolution plan has deficiencies, they may impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements on us or restrict our growth, activities or operations until we adequately remedy the deficiencies. If the FRB and/or FDIC ultimately determine that we have been unable to remedy any deficiencies, they could require us to divest certain assets or operations. On June 27, 2023, we submitted our most recent resolution plan to the FRB and FDIC. 
 If Wells Fargo were to fail, it may be resolved in a bankruptcy proceeding or, if certain conditions are met, under the resolution regime created by the Dodd-Frank Act known as the orderly liquidation authority. The orderly liquidation authority allows for the appointment of the FDIC as receiver for a systemically important financial institution that is in default or in danger of default if, among other things, the resolution of the institution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code would have serious adverse effects on financial stability in the United States. If the FDIC is appointed as receiver for the Parent, then the orderly liquidation authority, rather than the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, would determine the powers of the receiver and the rights and obligations of our security holders. The FDIC s orderly liquidation authority requires that security holders of a company in receivership bear all losses before U.S. taxpayers are exposed to any losses. There are substantial differences in the rights of creditors between the orderly liquidation authority and the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, including the right of the FDIC to disregard the strict priority of creditor claims under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in certain circumstances and the use of an administrative claims procedure instead of a judicial procedure to determine creditors claims. 
 The strategy described in our most recent resolution plan is a single point of entry strategy, in which the Parent would be the only material legal entity to enter resolution proceedings. However, the strategy described in our resolution plan is not binding in the event of an actual resolution of Wells Fargo, whether conducted under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or by the 

FDIC under the orderly liquidation authority. The FDIC has announced that a single point of entry strategy may be a desirable strategy under its implementation of the orderly liquidation authority, but not all aspects of how the FDIC might exercise this authority are known and additional rulemaking is possible. 
 To facilitate the orderly resolution of systemically important financial institutions in case of material distress or failure, federal banking regulations require that institutions, such as Wells Fargo, maintain a minimum amount of equity and unsecured debt to absorb losses and recapitalize operating subsidiaries. Federal banking regulators have also required measures to facilitate the continued operation of operating subsidiaries notwithstanding the failure of their parent companies, such as limitations on parent guarantees, and have issued guidance encouraging institutions to take legally binding measures to provide capital and liquidity resources to certain subsidiaries to facilitate an orderly resolution. In response to the regulators guidance and to facilitate the orderly resolution of the Company, on June 28, 2017, the Parent entered into a support agreement, as amended and restated on June 26, 2019 (the Support Agreement ), with WFC Holdings, LLC, an intermediate holding company and subsidiary of the Parent (the IHC ), the Bank, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC WFS ), Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC WFCS ), and certain other subsidiaries of the Parent designated from time to time as material entities for resolution planning purposes (the Covered Entities or identified from time to time as related support entities in our resolution plan (the Related Support Entities ). Pursuant to the Support Agreement, the Parent transferred a significant amount of its assets, including the majority of its cash, deposits, liquid securities and intercompany loans (but excluding its equity interests in its subsidiaries and certain other assets), to the IHC and will continue to transfer those types of assets to the IHC from time to time. In the event of our material financial distress or failure, the IHC will be obligated to use the transferred assets to provide capital and/or liquidity to the Bank, WFS, WFCS, and the Covered Entities pursuant to the Support Agreement. Under the Support Agreement, the IHC will also provide funding and liquidity to the Parent through subordinated notes and a committed line of credit, which, together with the issuance of dividends, is expected to provide the Parent, during business as usual operating conditions, with the same access to cash necessary to service its debts, pay dividends, repurchase its shares, and perform its other obligations as it would have had if it had not entered into these arrangements and transferred any assets. If certain liquidity and/or capital metrics fall below defined triggers, or if the Parent s board of directors authorizes it to file a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the subordinated notes would be forgiven, the committed line of credit would terminate, and the IHC s ability to pay dividends to the Parent would be restricted, any of which could materially and adversely impact the Parent s liquidity and its ability to satisfy its debts and other obligations, and could result in the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings by the Parent at an earlier time than might have otherwise occurred if the Support Agreement were not implemented. The respective obligations under the Support Agreement of the Parent, the IHC, the Bank, and the Related Support Entities are secured pursuant to a related security agreement. 
 In addition to our resolution plans, we must also prepare and periodically submit to the FRB a recovery plan that identifies a range of options that we may consider during times of idiosyncratic or systemic economic stress to remedy any financial weaknesses and restore market confidence without extraordinary government support. Recovery options include the 

Wells Fargo Company 59 

Regulatory Matters (continued) 

 possible sale, transfer or disposal of assets, securities, loan portfolios or businesses. The Bank must also prepare and periodically submit to the OCC a recovery plan that sets forth the Bank s plan to remain a going concern when the Bank is experiencing considerable financial or operational stress, but has not yet deteriorated to the point where liquidation or resolution is imminent. If either the FRB or the OCC determines that our recovery plan is deficient, they may impose fines, restrictions on our business or ultimately require us to divest assets. 
 
 Other Regulatory Related Matters 
 Regulatory actions. The Company is subject to a number of consent orders and other regulatory actions, which may require the Company, among other things, to undertake certain changes to its business, operations, products and services, and risk management practices, and include the following: 
 Consent Orders Discussed in the Overview Section in this Report. For a discussion of certain consent orders applicable to the Company, see the Overview section in this Report. 
 OCC approval of director and senior executive officer appointments and certain post-termination payments. Under the April 2018 consent order with the OCC, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., remains subject to requirements that were originally imposed in November 2016 to provide prior written notice to, and obtain non-objection from, the OCC with respect to changes in directors and senior executive officers, and remains subject to certain regulatory limitations on post-termination payments to certain individuals and employees. 

Regulatory Developments in Response to Climate Change. Federal, state, and non-U.S. governments and government agencies have demonstrated increased attention to the impacts and potential risks associated with climate change. For example, federal banking regulators are reviewing the implications of climate change on the financial stability of the United States and have issued guidance on the identification and management by large banks of climate-related financial risks. In addition, the SEC has proposed rules that would require public companies to disclose certain climate-related information, including greenhouse gas emissions, climate-related targets and goals, and governance of climate-related risks and relevant risk management processes. Similarly, California s state legislature finalized climate-related disclosure laws, while the European Union finalized its Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive. The approaches taken by various governments and government agencies can vary significantly, evolve over time, and sometimes conflict. Any current or future rules, regulations, and guidance related to climate change and its impacts could require us to change certain of our business practices, reduce our revenue and earnings, impose additional costs on us, subject us to legal or regulatory proceedings, or otherwise adversely affect our business operations and/or competitive position. 

60 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 Our significant accounting policies (see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this Report) are fundamental to understanding our results of operations and financial condition because they require that we use estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. Six of these policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. These policies govern: 
 the allowance for credit losses; 
 the valuation of residential MSRs; 
 the fair value of financial instruments; 
 income taxes; 
 liability for legal actions; and 
 goodwill impairment. 
 
 Management has discussed these critical accounting policies and the related estimates and judgments with the Board s Audit Committee. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses (ACL) for loans, which is management s estimate of the expected credit losses in the loan portfolio and unfunded credit commitments, at the balance sheet date, excluding loans and unfunded credit commitments carried at fair value or held for sale. Additionally, we maintain an ACL for debt securities classified as either HTM or AFS, other financial assets measured at amortized cost, net investments in leases, and other off-balance sheet credit exposures. For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) and Note 5 (Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 For loans and HTM debt securities, the ACL is measured based on the remaining contractual term of the financial asset (including off-balance sheet credit exposures) adjusted, as appropriate, for prepayments and permitted extension options using historical experience, current conditions, and forecasted information. For AFS debt securities, the ACL is measured using a discounted cash flow approach and is limited to the difference between the fair value of the security and its amortized cost. 
 Changes in the ACL and, therefore, in the related provision for credit losses can materially affect net income. In applying the judgment and review required to determine the ACL, management considerations include the evaluation of past events, historical experience, changes in economic forecasts and conditions, customer behavior, collateral values, the length of the initial loss forecast period, and other influences. From time to time, changes in economic factors or assumptions, business or investment strategy, or products or product mix may result in a corresponding increase or decrease in our ACL. While our methodology attributes portions of the ACL to specific financial asset classes (loan and debt security portfolios) or loan portfolio segments (commercial and consumer), the entire ACL is available to absorb credit losses of the Company. 
 Judgment is specifically applied in: 
 Economic assumptions and the length of the initial loss forecast period. We forecast a wide range of economic variables to estimate expected credit losses. Our key economic variables include gross domestic product (GDP), unemployment rate, and collateral asset prices. While many of these economic 

variables are evaluated at the macro-economy level, some economic variables are forecasted at more granular levels, for example, using the metro statistical area (MSA) level for unemployment rates, home prices and commercial real estate prices. At least annually, we assess the length of the initial loss forecast period and have currently set the peri od to two years. For the initial loss forecast period, we forecast multiple economic scenarios that generally include a base scenario with an optimistic (upside) and one or more pessimistic (downside) scenarios. Management exercises judgment when assigning weight to the economic scenarios that are used to estimate future credit losses. 
 Reversion to historical loss expectations. Our long-term average loss expectations are estimated by reverting to the long-term average, on a linear basis, for each of the forecasted economic variables. These long-term averages are based on observations over multiple economic cycles. The reversion period, which may be up to two years, is assessed on a quarterly basis. 
 Credit risk ratings applied to individual commercial loans, unfunded credit commitments, and debt securities. Individually assessed credit risk ratings are considered key credit variables in our modeled approaches to help assess probability of default and loss given default. Borrower quality ratings are aligned to the borrower s financial strength and contribute to forecasted probability of default curves. Collateral quality ratings combined with forecasted collateral prices (as applicable) contribute to the forecasted severity of loss in the event of default. These credit risk ratings are reviewed by experienced senior credit officers and subjected to reviews by an internal team of credit risk specialists. 
 Usage of credit loss estimation models. We use internally developed models that incorporate credit attributes and economic variables to generate credit loss estimates. Management uses judgment and quantitative analytics in the determination of segmentation, modeling approach, and variables that are leveraged in the models. These models are independently validated in accordance with the Company s policies. We routinely assess our model performance and apply adjustments when necessary to improve the accuracy of loss estimation. We also assess our models for limitations against the company-wide risk inventory to help appropriately capture known and emerging risks in our estimate of expected credit losses and apply overlays as needed. 
 Valuation of collateral . The current fair value of collateral is utilized to assess the expected credit losses when a financial asset is considered to be collateral dependent. We apply judgment when valuing the collateral either through appraisals, evaluation of the cash flows of the property, or other quantitative techniques. Decreases in collateral valuations support incremental ACL or charge-downs and increases in collateral valuation are included in the ACL as a negative allowance when the financial asset has been previously written-down below current recovery value. 
 Contractual term considerations. The remaining contractual term of a loan is adjusted for expected prepayments and certain expected extensions, renewals, or modifications. We extend the contractual term when we are not able to unconditionally cancel contractual renewals or extension options. Credit card loans have indeterminate maturities, 

Wells Fargo Company 61 

Critical Accounting Policies (continued) 

 which requires that we determine a contractual life by estimating the application of future payments to the outstanding loan amount. 
 Qualitative factors which may not be adequately captured in the loss models. These amounts represent management s judgment of risks inherent in the processes and assumptions used in establishing the ACL. We also consider economic environmental factors, modeling assumptions and performance, process risk, and other subjective factors, including industry trends and emerging risk assessments. 
 
 Sensitivity The ACL for loans is sensitive to changes in key assumptions which requires significant management judgment. Future amounts of the ACL for loans will be based on a variety of factors, including loan balance changes, portfolio credit quality, and general forecasted economic conditions. The forecasted economic variables used could have varying impacts on different financial assets or portfolios. Additionally, throughout numerous credit cycles, there are observed changes in economic variables such as the unemployment rate, GDP and real estate prices which may not move in a correlated manner as variables may move in opposite directions or differ across portfolios or geography. 
 Our sensitivity analysis does not represent management s v iew of expected credit losses at the balance sheet date. We applied a 100 weight to a more severe downside scenario in our sensitivity analysis to reflect the potential for further economic deterioration. The outcome of the scenario was influenced by the duration, severity, and timing of changes in economic variables within the scenario. The sensitivity analysis resulted in a hypothetical increase in the ACL for loans of approximately 6.2 billion at December 31, 2023. The hypothetical increase in our ACL for loans does not incorporate the impact of management judgment for qualitative factors applied in the current ACL for loans, which may have a positive or negative effect on the results. It is possible that others performing similar sensitivity analyses could reach different conclusions or results. 
 The sensitivity analysis excludes the ACL for debt securities and other financial assets given its size relative to the overall ACL. Management believes that the estimate for the ACL for loans was appropriate at the balance sheet date. 
 
 Valuation of Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights (MSRs) 
 MSRs are assets that represent the rights to service mortgage loans for others. We generally recognize MSRs when we retain servicing rights in connection with the sale or securitization of loans we originate. We carry our MSRs related to residential mortgage loans at fair value. Periodic changes in our residential MSRs and the economic hedges used to hedge our residential MSRs are reflected in earnings. 
 We use models to estimate the fair value of our residential MSRs. The models are independently validated in accordance with Company policies. Collectively, the models are used to calculate the present value of estimated future net servicing income and incorporate inputs and assumptions that market participants use in estimating fair value. Certain significant inputs and assumptions generally are not observable in the market and require judgment to determine. If observable market indications do become available, these are factored into the estimates as appropriate. Significant inputs and assumptions requiring management judgement include: 
 The mortgage loan prepayment rate used to estimate future net servicing income. The prepayment rate is the annual rate at which borrowers are forecasted to repay their mortgage loan principal; this rate also includes estimated borrower 

defaults. We use models to estimate prepayment rate and borrower defaults which are influenced by changes in mortgage interest rates and borrower behavior. 
 The discount rate used to present value estimated future net servicing income. The discount rate is the required rate of return investors in the market would expect for an asset with similar risk and is estimated using a dynamic methodology for market curves and volatility. To determine the discount rate, we consider the risk premium for uncertainties in the cash flow estimates such as from servicing operations (e.g., possible changes in future servicing costs and earnings on escrow accounts). 
 The expected cost to service loans used to estimate future net servicing income. The cost to service loans includes estimates for unreimbursed expenses, such as delinquency and foreclosure costs, which considers the number of defaulted loans as well as the incremental cost to service loans in default and foreclosure. We use a market participant s view for our estimated cost to service and our actual costs may vary from that estimate. 
 
 Both prepayment rate and discount rate assumptions can, and generally will, change quarterly as market conditions and mortgage interest rates change. For example, an increase in either the prepayment rate or discount rate assumption results in a decrease in the fair value of the MSRs, while a decrease in either assumption would result in an increase in the fair value of the MSRs. In recent years, there have been significant market-driven fluctuations in loan prepayment rate and the discount rate. These fluctuations can be rapid and may be significant in the future. Additionally, future regulatory or investor changes in servicing standards as well as changes in individual state foreclosure legislation or changes in market participant information regarding servicing cost assumptions, may have an impact on our servicing cost assumption and our MSR valuation in future periods. We periodically benchmark our MSR fair value estimate to independent appraisals. 
 For a description of our valuation and sensitivity of MSRs, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies), Note 6 (Mortgage Banking Activities), Note 15 (Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities) and Note 16 (Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 Fair value represents the price that would be received to sell a financial asset or paid to transfer a financial liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
 We use fair value measurements to comply with both recognition and disclosure requirements. For example, assets and liabilities held for trading purposes, marketable equity securities, AFS debt securities, and derivatives are recorded at fair value on our consolidated balance sheet each period. Other financial instruments, such as loans held for investment and substantially all nonmarketable equity securities are not recorded at fair value each period but may require nonrecurring fair value adjustments through the application of an accounting method such as lower of cost or fair value (LOCOM), write-downs of individual assets, or application of the measurement alternative for certain nonmarketable equity securities. We also disclose our estimate of fair value for financial instruments not recorded at fair value, such as HTM debt securities, loans held for investment, and long-term debt. 
 Disclosure of fair value measurements for assets and liabilities are made using a three-level hierarchy. The 

62 
 Wells Fargo Company 

classification of assets and liabilities within the hierarchy is based on whether the inputs to the valuation methodology used for measurement are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market-derived or market-based information obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect our estimates about market data. 
 When developing fair value measurements, we maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. When available, we use quoted prices in active markets to measure fair value. If quoted prices in active markets are not available, fair value measurement is based upon models that generally use market-based or independently sourced market parameters, including interest rate yield curves, prepayment rates, option volatilities and currency rates. However, when observable market data is limited or not available, fair value estimates are typically determined using internal models based on unobservable inputs. These models are independently validated in accordance with the Company s policies. Additionally, we obtain pricing information from third-party vendors to record fair values and to corroborate internal prices. Third-party validation procedures are performed over the reasonableness of prices received. 
 When using internal models based on unobservable inputs, management judgment is necessary as we make judgments about significant assumptions that market participants would use to estimate fair value. Determination of these assumptions includes consideration of many factors, including market conditions and liquidity levels. Changes in the market conditions, such as reduced liquidity in the capital markets or changes in secondary market activities, may reduce the availability and reliability of quoted prices or observable data used to determine fair value. In such cases, adjustments to available quoted prices or observable market data may be required. For example, we may adjust a price received from a third-party pricing service using internal models based on discounted cash flows when the impact of illiquid markets has not already been incorporated in the fair value measurement. 
 We continually assess the level and volume of market activity in our debt and equity security classes in determining adjustments, if any, to quoted prices. Given market conditions can change over time, our determination of which securities markets are considered active or inactive can change. If we determine a market to be inactive, the degree to which quoted prices require adjustment may also change. 
 Significant judgment is also applied in the determination of whether certain assets measured at fair value are classified as Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. When making this judgment, we consider available information, including observable market data, indications of market liquidity and orderliness, and our understanding of the valuation techniques and significant inputs used to estimate fair value. The classification as Level 2 or Level 3 is based upon the specific facts and circumstances of each instrument or instrument category and judgments are made regarding the significance of unobservable inputs to each instrument s fair value measurement in its entirety. If unobservable inputs are considered significant to the fair value measurement, the instrument is classified as Level 3. 
 Table 48 presents our (i) assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis and (ii) Level 3 assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, both presented as a percentage of our total assets and total liabilities. 

Table 48: Fair Value Level 3 Summary 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 in billions) Total balance Level 3 (1) Total balance Level 3 (1) Assets recorded at fair 
 value on a recurring basis 
 276.2 9.5 264.4 11.5 As a percentage 
 of total assets 
 14 14 Liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis 47.7 6.2 41.9 4.9 As a percentage of 
 total liabilities 
 3 2 
 Less than 1 . 
 (1) Before derivative netting adjustments. 
 
 See Note 15 (Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities) to Financial Statements in this Report for a complete discussion on our fair value of financial instruments, our related measurement techniques and the impact to our financial statements. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 We file income tax returns in the jurisdictions in which we operate and evaluate income tax expense in two components: current and deferred income tax expense. Current income tax expense represents our estimated taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period and includes income tax expense related to uncertain tax positions. Uncertain tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold are measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize. An uncertain tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that management believes has a greater than 50 likelihood of realization upon settlement. Tax benefits not meeting our realization criteria represent unrecognized tax benefits. 
 Deferred income taxes are based on the balance sheet method and deferred income tax expense results from changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities between periods. Under the balance sheet method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is based on the tax effects of the differences between the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities and recognizes enacted changes in income tax rates and laws in the period in which they occur. Deferred tax assets, including those related to net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards, are recognized subject to management s judgment that realization is more likely than not. When necessary, valuation allowances are established to reduce deferred tax assets to the realizable amounts. 
 The income tax laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate are complex and subject to different interpretations by management and the relevant government taxing authorities. In establishing a provision for income tax expense, we must make judgments about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. We must also make estimates about when in the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions. Our interpretations may be subjected to review during examination by taxing authorities and disputes may arise over the respective tax positions. We attempt to resolve these disputes during the tax examination and audit process and ultimately through the court systems when applicable. 
 We monitor relevant tax authorities and may update our estimate of accrued income taxes due to changes in income tax laws and their interpretation by the courts and regulatory authorities on a quarterly basis. Updates to our estimate of accrued income taxes also may result from our own income tax planning and from the resolution of income tax controversies. Such updates to our estimates may be material to our operating results for any given quarter. 

Wells Fargo Company 63 

Critical Accounting Policies (continued) 

 See Note 23 (Income Taxes) to Financial Statements in this Report for a further description of our provision for income taxes and related income tax assets and liabilities. 
 
 Liability for Legal Actions 
 The Company is involved in a number of judicial, regulatory, governmental, arbitration and other proceedings or investigations concerning matters arising from the conduct of its business activities, and many of those proceedings and investigations expose the Company to potential financial loss or other adverse consequences. We establish accruals for legal actions when potential losses associated with the actions become probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. For such accruals, we record the amount we consider to be the best estimate within a range of potential losses that are both probable and estimable; however, if we cannot determine a best estimate, then we record the low end of the range of those potential losses. The actual costs of resolving legal actions may be substantially higher or lower than the amounts accrued for those actions. 
 We apply judgment when establishing an accrual for potential losses associated with legal actions and in establishing the range of reasonably possible losses in excess of the accrual. Our judgment in establishing accruals and the range of reasonably possible losses in excess of the Company s accrual for probable and estimable losses is influenced by our understanding of information currently available related to the legal evaluation and potential outcome of actions, including input and advice on these matters from our internal counsel, external counsel and senior management. These matters may be in various stages of investigation, discovery or proceedings. They may also involve a wide variety of claims across our businesses, legal entities and jurisdictions. The eventual outcome may be a scenario that was not considered or was considered remote in anticipated occurrence. Accordingly, our estimate of potential losses will change over time and the actual losses may vary significantly. 
 The outcomes of legal actions are unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, and it is inherently difficult to determine whether any loss is probable or even possible. It is also inherently difficult to estimate the amount of any loss and there may be matters for which a loss is probable or reasonably possible but not currently estimable. Accordingly, actual losses may be in excess of the established accrual or the range of reasonably possible loss. 
 See Note 13 (Legal Actions) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 We test goodwill for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently as macroeconomic and other business factors warrant. These factors may include trends in short-term or long-term interest rates, negative trends from reduced revenue generating activities or increased costs, adverse actions by regulators, or company specific factors such as a decline in market capitalization. 
 We identify reporting units to be assessed for goodwill impa irment at the reportable operating segment level or one level below. We calculate reporting unit carrying amounts as allocated capital plus assigned goodwill and other intangible assets. We allocate capital to the reporting units under a risk-sensitive framework driven by our regulatory capital requirements. We estimate fair value of the reporting units 

based on a balanced weighting of fair values estimated using both an income approach and a market approach which are intended to reflect Company pe rformance and expectations as well as external market conditions. The methodologies for calculating carrying amounts and estimating fair values are periodically assessed by senior management and updated as necessary. 
 The income approach is a discounted cash flow (DCF) analysis, which estimates the present value of future cash flows associated with each reporting unit. A DCF analysis requires significant judgment to model financial forecasts for our reporting units, which includes future expectations of economic conditions and balance sheet changes, as well as considerations related to future business activities. The forecasts are reviewed by senior management. For periods after our financial forecasts, we incorporate a terminal value estimate. We discount these forecasted cash flows using a consistent rate de rived from the capital asset pricing model which produces an estimated cost of equity for our reporting units, reflecting risks and uncertainties in the financial markets a nd in our internally generated business projections. 
 The market approach utilizes observable market data from comparable publicly traded companies, such as price-to-earnings or price-to-tangible book value r atios, to estimate a reporting unit s fair value. The results of the market approach include a control premium to represent our expectation of a hypothetical acquisition of the reporting unit. Management uses judgment in the selection of comparable companies and includes those with the most similar business activities. 
 The aggregate fair value of our reporting units exceeded our market capitalization for our fourth quarter 2023 assessment. Factors that we believe contributed to this difference included an overall premium that would be paid to gain control of the operating and financial decisions of the Company, as well as short-term market volatility and other factors that may not be reflected consistently between the Company s market capitalization and the fair value of individual reporting units. 
 Based on our fourth quarter 2023 assessment, there was no impairment of goodwill at December 31, 2023. The fair values of each reporting unit exceeded their carrying amounts by substantial amounts, with the exception of our Consumer Lending reporting unit. Although the fair value of our Consumer Lending reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount by more than 10 , it was the most sensitive to changes in valuation assumptions. We plan to continue the execution of our more focused strategy for the home lending business in the near-term. The credit card business has forecasted higher loan balances driven by growth from new products and services. Significant changes to these plans or forecasts or a significant increase in the discount rate could result in an impairment for the Consumer Lending reporting unit. The amount of goodwill assigned to the Consumer Lending reporting unit was 7.1 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 Declines in our ability to generate revenue, significant increases in credit losses or other expenses, or adverse actions from regulators are factors that could result in material goodwill impairment of any reporting unit in a future period. 
 For additional information on goodwill and our reportable operating segm ents, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies), Note 7 (Intangible Assets and Other Assets), and Note 20 (Operating Segments) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

64 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Current Accounting Developments 
 Table 49 provides the significant accounting updates applicable to us that have been issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) but are not yet effective. 

Table 49: Current Accounting Developments Issued Standards Description and Effective Date Financial statement impact Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2023-02 Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): 
 Accounting for Investments in Tax Credit Structures Using the Proportional Amortization Method 
 The Update, effective January 1, 2024, expands the use of the proportional amortization method of accounting for tax credit investments. Upon adoption, the Update permits entities to elect to account for equity investments that generate income tax credits and benefits using the proportional amortization method if certain eligibility criteria are met. 
 We adopted the Update on January 1, 2024, on a modified retrospective basis with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. Upon adoption, we elected to account for eligible investments in our renewable energy tax credit portfolio using the proportional amortization method. These investments were previously accounted for using the equity method. We also elected to continue use of the proportional amortization method to account for our low-income housing tax credit investments. Under the proportional amortization method, the cost of a tax credit investment is amortized in proportion to the income tax credits and benefits received by the investor, with both amortization and the related income tax credits and benefits recorded on a net basis within income tax expense. 
 
 We recorded the impact of this accounting change to the opening balance sheet as of January 1, 2024, as an increase to total assets and total liabilities of approximately 2 billion. The adoption impact on retained earnings was insignificant. Prior periods were not impacted. 
 ASU 2023-07 Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures 
 The Update, effective December 31, 2024 (with early adoption permitted), enhances reportable segment disclosure requirements, primarily through enhanced disclosures related to significant segment expenses and additional interim disclosure requirements. 
 The Update impacts disclosure only, and therefore does not have an impact on our consolidated financial statements. We are currently evaluating the impact of the Update to our operating segment disclosures. The following aspects of the Update may result in disclosure changes: 
 
 Requirement to disclose significant segment expenses by reportable segment if they are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker (CODM) and included in the reported measure of segment profit or loss. 
 Requirement to disclose an amount for other segment items by reportable segment and provide a description of its composition; other segment items is measured as the difference between reported segment revenues less the significant segment expenses disclosed in accordance with the principle described above and reported segment profit or loss. 
 Requirement to disclose the CODM s title and position and explain how the CODM uses the reported segment profit or loss measure in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. 
 ASU 2023-09 - Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures 
 The Update, effective January 1, 2025 (with early adoption permitted), enhances annual income tax disclosures primarily to further disaggregate existing disclosures related to the effective income tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. 
 The impact of the Update is limited to our annual income tax disclosures. We are currently evaluating the impact of the Update to our income tax disclosures. Upon adoption, those disclosures may change as follows: 
 
 For the tabular effective income tax rate reconciliation, alignment to specific categories (where applicable) and further disaggregation of certain categories (where applicable) by nature and/or jurisdiction if the reconciling item is 5 or more of the statutory tax expense. 
 Description of states and local jurisdictions that contribute the majority of the effect of the state and local income tax category of the effective income tax rate reconciliation. 
 Disaggregate the amount of income taxes paid (net of refunds) by federal, state, and non-U.S. taxes and further disaggregate by individual jurisdictions where income taxes paid (net of refunds) is 5 or more of total income taxes paid (net of refunds). 
 Disaggregate net income (or loss) before income tax expense (or benefit) between domestic and non-U.S. 

Other Accounting Developments 
 The following Updates are applicable to us but are not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements: 
 ASU 2022-03 Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions 
 ASU 2023-08 - Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Crypto Assets (Subtopic 350-60): Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets 

Wells Fargo Company 65 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This document contains forward-looking statements. In addition, we may make forward-looking statements in our other documents filed or furnished with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and our management may make forward-looking statements orally to analysts, investors, representatives of the media and others. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as anticipates, intends, plans, seeks, believes, estimates, expects, target, projects, outlook, forecast, will, may, could, should, can and similar references to future periods. In particular, forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements we make about: (i) the future operating or financial performance of the Company, including our outlook for future growth; (ii) our expectations regarding noninterest expense and our efficiency ratio; (iii) future credit quality and performance, including our expectations regarding future loan losses, our allowance for credit losses, and the economic scenarios considered to develop the allowance; (iv) our expectations regarding net interest income and net interest margin; (v) loan growth or the reduction or mitigation of risk in our loan portfolios; (vi) future capital or liquidity levels, ratios or targets; (vii) our expectations regarding our mortgage business and any related commitments or exposures; (viii) the expected outcome and impact of legal, regulatory and legislative developments, as well as our expectations regarding compliance therewith; (ix) future common stock dividends, common share repurchases and other uses of capital; (x) our targeted range for return on assets, return on equity, and return on tangible common equity; (xi) expectations regarding our effective income tax rate; (xii) the outcome of contingencies, such as legal actions; (xiii) environmental, social and governance related goals or commitments; and (xiv) the Company s plans, objectives and strategies. 
 Forward-looking statements are not based on historical facts but instead represent our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. We caution you, therefore, against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. They are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. While there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include the following, without limitation: 
 current and future economic and market conditions, including the effects of declines in housing prices, high unemployment rates, declines in commercial real estate prices, U.S. fiscal debt, budget and tax matters, geopolitical matters, and any slowdown in global economic growth; 
 our capital and liquidity requirements (including under regulatory capital standards, such as the Basel III capital standards) and our ability to generate capital internally or raise capital on favorable terms; 
 current, pending or future legislation or regulation that could have a negative effect on our revenue and businesses, including rules and regulations relating to bank products and financial services; 

our ability to realize any efficiency ratio or expense target as part of our expense management initiatives, including as a result of business and economic cyclicality, seasonality, changes in our business composition and operating environment, growth in our businesses and/or acquisitions, and unexpected expenses relating to, among other things, litigation and regulatory matters; 
 the effect of the current interest rate environment or changes in interest rates or in the level or composition of our assets or liabilities on our net interest income, net interest margin and our mortgage originations, mortgage servicing rights and mortgage loans held for sale; 
 significant turbulence or a disruption in the capital or financial markets, which could result in, among other things, reduced investor demand for mortgage loans, a reduction in the availability of funding or increased funding costs, and declines in asset values and/or recognition of impairment of securities held in our debt securities and equity securities portfolios; 
 the effect of a fall in stock market prices on our investment banking business and our fee income from our brokerage and wealth management businesses; 
 developments in our mortgage banking business, including any negative effects relating to our mortgage servicing, loan modification or foreclosure practices, and any changes in industry standards, regulatory or judicial requirements, or our strategic plans for the business; 
 negative effects from instances where customers may have experienced financial harm, including on our legal, operational and compliance costs, our ability to engage in certain business activities or offer certain products or services, our ability to keep and attract customers, our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, and our reputation; 
 regulatory matters, including the failure to resolve outstanding matters on a timely basis and the potential impact of new matters, litigation, or other legal actions, which may result in, among other things, additional costs, fines, penalties, restrictions on our business activities, reputational harm, or other adverse consequences; 
 a failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of our third-party vendors or other service providers, including as a result of cyber attacks; 
 the effect of changes in the level of checking or savings account deposits on our funding costs and net interest margin; 
 fiscal and monetary policies of the Federal Reserve Board; 
 changes to tax laws, regulations, and guidance as well as the effect of discrete items on our effective income tax rate; 
 our ability to develop and execute effective business plans and strategies; and 
 the other risk factors and uncertainties described under Risk Factors in this Report. 
 
 In addition to the above factors, we also caution that the amount and timing of any future common stock dividends or repurchases will depend on the earnings, cash requirements and financial condition of the Company, the impact to our balance sheet of expected customer activity, our capital requirements and long-term targeted capital structure, the results of supervisory stress tests, market conditions (including the trading price of our stock), regulatory and legal considerations, including 

66 
 Wells Fargo Company 

regulatory requirements under the Federal Reserve Board s capital plan rule, and other factors deemed relevant by the Company, and may be subject to regulatory approval or conditions. 
 For additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, refer to our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the discussion under Risk Factors in this Report, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on its website at www.sec.gov. 1 
 Any forward-looking statement made by us speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law. 

1 We do not control this website. Wells Fargo has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website. 

Forward-looking Non-GAAP Financial Measures . From time to time management may discuss forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures, such as forward-looking estimates or targets for return on average tangible common equity. We are unable to provide a reconciliation of forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures because we are unable to provide, without unreasonable effort, a meaningful or accurate calculation or estimation of amounts that would be necessary for the reconciliation due to the complexity and inherent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying future amounts or when they may occur. Such unavailable information could be significant to future results. 

Wells Fargo Company 67 

Risk Factors 
 
 An investment in the Company involves risk, including the possibility that the value of the investment could fall substantially and that dividends or other distributions on the investment could be reduced or eliminated. We discuss below risk factors that could adversely affect our financial results and condition, and the value of, and return on, an investment in the Company. 
 ECONOMIC, FINANCIAL MARKETS, INTEREST RATES, AND LIQUIDITY RISKS 
 Our financial results have been, and will continue to be, materially affected by general economic conditions, and a deterioration in economic conditions or in the financial markets may materially adversely affect our lending and other businesses and our financial results and condition. We generate revenue from the interest and fees we charge on the loans and other products and services we sell, and a substantial amount of our revenue and earnings comes from the net interest income and fee income that we earn from our consumer and commercial lending and banking businesses. These businesses have been, and will continue to be, materially affected by the state of the U.S. economy, particularly unemployment levels and home prices. The negative effects and continued uncertainty stemming from U.S. fiscal, monetary and political matters, including concerns about deficit and debt levels, inflation, taxes, and U.S. debt ratings, have impacted and may continue to impact the global economy. Moreover, geopolitical matters, including international political unrest or disturbances, wars, and terrorist activities, as well as continued concerns over commodity prices, restrictions on international trade and corresponding retaliatory measures, and global economic difficulties, may impact the stability of financial markets and the global economy. Any impacts to the global economy could have a similar impact to the U.S. economy. A prolonged period of slow growth in the global economy or any deterioration in general economic conditions and/or the financial markets resulting from the above matters or any other events or factors that may disrupt or weaken the U.S. or global economy , could materially adversely affect our financial results and condition. 
 A weakening in business or economic conditions, including higher unemployment levels or declines in home prices, as well as higher interest rates, can also adversely affect our customers ability to repay their loans or other obligations, which can increase our credit losses. If unemployment levels worsen or if home prices fall we would expect to incur elevated charge-offs and provision expense from increases in our allowance for credit losses. These conditions may adversely affect not only consumer loan performance but also commercial and CRE loans, especially for those business borrowers that rely on the health of industries that may experience deteriorating economic conditions. The ability of these and other borrowers to repay their loans may deteriorate, causing us, as one of the largest commercial and CRE lenders in the U.S., to incur significantly higher credit losses. In addition, weak or deteriorating economic conditions make it more challenging for us to increase our consumer and commercial loan portfolios by making loans to creditworthy borrowers at attractive yields. Furthermore, weak economic conditions, as well as competition and/or increases in interest rates, could soften demand for our loans resulting in our retaining a much higher amount of lower yielding liquid assets on our consolidated balance sheet. If economic conditions worsen 

and unemployment rises, which also would likely result in a decrease in consumer and business confidence and spending, the demand for our products, including our consumer and commercial loans, may fall, reducing our interest and noninterest income and our earnings. 
 A deterioration in business and economic conditions, which may erode consumer and investor confidence levels, and/or increased volatility of financial markets, also could adversely affect financial results for our fee-based businesses, including our investment advisory, securities brokerage, wealth management, markets and investment banking businesses. For example, because investment advisory fees are often based on the value of assets under management, a fall in the market prices of those assets could reduce our fee income. Changes in stock market prices could affect the trading activity of investors, reducing commissions and other fees we earn from our brokerage business. In addition, adverse market conditions may negatively affect the performance of products we have provided to customers, which may expose us to legal actions or additional costs. Poor economic conditions and volatile or unstable financial markets also can negatively affect our debt and equity underwriting and advisory businesses, as well as our venture capital business and trading activities, including through increased counterparty credit risk. Any deterioration in global financial markets and economies, including as a result of any geopolitical matters or unrest, may adversely affect the revenue and earnings of our international operations, particularly our global financial institution and correspondent banking services. 
 For additional information, see the Risk Management Asset/Liability Management and Credit Risk Management sections in this Report. 
 Changes in interest rates and financial market values could reduce our net interest income and earnings, as well as our other comprehensive income, including as a result of recognizing losses on the debt and equity securities that we hold in our portfolio or trade for our customers. Changes in either our net interest margin or the amount or mix of earning assets we hold, including as a result of the asset cap under the February 2018 consent order with the FRB, could affect our net interest income and our earnings. Changes in interest rates can affect our net interest margin. Although the yield we earn on our assets and the funding costs of our liabilities tend to move in the same direction in response to changes in interest rates, one can rise or fall faster than the other, causing our net interest margin to expand or contract. If our funding costs rise faster than the yield we earn on our assets or if the yield we earn on our assets falls faster than our funding costs, our net interest margin tends to contract. 
 The amount and type of earning assets we hold can affect our yield and net interest income. We hold earning assets in the form of loans and debt and equity securities, among other assets. As noted above, if the economy worsens we may see lower demand for loans by creditworthy customers, reducing our yield and net interest income. In addition, our net interest income and net interest margin can be negatively affected by a prolonged period of low interest rates as it may result in us holding lower yielding loans and securities on our consolidated balance sheet, particularly if we are unable to replace the maturing higher yielding assets with similar higher yielding assets. A prolonged period of high interest rates, however, may continue to negatively affect loan demand and could result in higher credit 

68 
 Wells Fargo Company 

losses as borrowers may have more difficulty making higher interest payments. Similarly, a prolonged period of high interest rates may increase our funding costs, including the rates we pay on customer deposits. As described below, changes in interest rates also affect our mortgage business, including the value of our MSRs. In an effort to address high inflation, the FRB significantly raised its target range for the federal funds rate over the last two years, however, the FRB could decide to further raise it or lower it in 2024. 
 Changes in the slope of the yield curve or the spread between short-term and long-term interest rates could also reduce our net interest income and net interest margin. Normally, the yield curve is upward sloping, meaning short-term rates are lower than long-term rates. When the yield curve flattens or inverts, our net interest income and net interest margin could decrease if the cost of our short-term funding increases relative to the yield we can earn on our long-term assets. Moreover, a negative interest rate environment, in which interest rates drop below zero, could reduce our net interest income and net interest margin due to a likely decline in the interest we could earn on loans and other earning assets, while also likely requiring us to pay to maintain our deposits with 
 the FRB. 
 We assess our interest rate risk by estimating the effect on our earnings under various scenarios that differ based on assumptions about the direction, magnitude and speed of interest rate changes and the slope of the yield curve. We may hedge some of that interest rate risk with interest rate derivatives. We also experience the somewhat offsetting effect that our mortgage loan originations and servicing rights can provide as their revenue impact tends to move in opposite directions based on changes in interest rates. 
 We generally do not hedge all of our interest rate risk. There is always the risk that changes in interest rates, credit spreads or option volatility could reduce our net interest income and earnings, as well as our other comprehensive income, in material amounts, especially if actual conditions turn out to be materially different than what we assumed. For example, if interest rates rise or fall faster than we assumed or the slope of the yield curve changes, we may experience significant losses, including unrealized losses, on debt securities in our portfolio. To reduce our interest rate risk, we may rebalance our portfolios of debt securities and loans, refinance our debt and take other strategic actions. We may incur losses when we take such actions. In addition, changes in interest rates can result in increased basis risk, which could limit the effectiveness of our hedging activities. 
 We have a significant number of assets and liabilities, such as commercial loans, adjustable-rate mortgage loans, derivatives, debt securities, and long-term debt, referenced to benchmark rates, such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), or other financial metrics. If any such benchmark rate or other referenced financial metric is significantly changed, replaced or discontinued, or ceases to be recognized as an acceptable market benchmark rate or financial metric, there may be uncertainty or differences in the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment amount depending on the terms of the governing instrument. This could impact the financial performance of previously recorded transactions, result in losses on financial instruments we hold, require different hedging strategies or result in ineffective or increased basis risk on existing hedges, impact the overall interest rate environment and the availability or cost of funding transactions, affect our capital and liquidity planning and management, or have other adverse financial consequences. It may also result in significant operational, systems, or other practical challenges, increased compliance and 

operational costs, legal or regulatory proceedings, reputational harm, or other adverse consequences. Because of changing economic and market conditions, as well as credit ratings, affecting issuers and the performance of any underlying collateral, we may be required to recognize impairment in future periods on the securities we hold. Furthermore, the value of the debt securities we hold can fluctuate due to changes in interest rates, issuer creditworthiness, and other factors. Our net income also is exposed to changes in interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, and equity and commodity prices in connection with our trading activities, which are conducted primarily to accommodate the investment and risk management activities of our customers, as well as when we execute economic hedging to manage certain balance sheet risks. Trading debt securities and equity securities held for trading are carried at fair value with realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded in noninterest income. As part of our business to support our customers, we trade public debt and equity securities and other financial instruments that are subject to market fluctuations with gains and losses recognized in net income. In addition, although high market volatility can increase our exposure to trading-related losses, periods of low volatility may have an adverse effect on our businesses as a result of reduced customer activity levels. Although we have processes in place to measure and monitor the risks associated with our trading activities, including stress testing and hedging strategies, there can be no assurance that our processes and strategies will be effective in avoiding losses that could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 The value of our marketable and nonmarketable equity securities can fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Marketable equity securities are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected in earnings. Nonmarketable equity securities are carried under the cost method, equity method, or measurement alternative, while others are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected in earnings. Earnings from our equity securities portfolio may be volatile and hard to predict, and may have a significant effect on our earnings from period to period. When, and if, we recognize gains may depend on a number of factors, including general economic and market conditions, the prospects of the companies in which we invest, when a company goes public, the size of our position relative to the public float, and whether we are subject to any resale restrictions. 
 Nonmarketable equity securities include our venture capital and private equity investments that could result in significant impairment losses for those investments carried under the measurement alternative or equity method. If we recognize an impairment for an investment, we write-down the carrying value of the investment to fair value, resulting in a charge to earnings, which could be significant. 
 For additional information, see the Risk Management Asset/Liability Management Interest Rate Risk, Mortgage Banking Interest Rate and Market Risk, Market Risk Trading Activities, and Market Risk Equity Securities and the Balance Sheet Analysis Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities sections in this Report and Note 2 (Trading Activities), Note 3 (Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities) and Note 4 (Equity Securities) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 Effective liquidity management is essential for the operation of our business, and our financial results and condition could be materially adversely affected if we do not effectively manage our liquidity. We primarily rely on customer deposits to be a low-cost and stable source of funding for the loans we make and 

Wells Fargo Company 69 

Risk Factors (continued) 

 the operation of our business. In addition to customer deposits, our sources of liquidity include certain debt and equity securities, our ability to sell or securitize loans in secondary markets and to pledge loans to access secured borrowing facilities through the FHLB and the FRB, and our ability to raise funds in domestic and international money through capital markets. 
 Our liquidity and our ability to fund and run our business could be materially adversely affected by a variety of conditions and factors, including financial and credit market disruption and volatility or a lack of market or customer confidence in financial markets in general similar to what occurred during the financial crisis in 2008 and early 2009, which may result in a loss of customer deposits, outflows of cash or collateral, an inability to access capital markets on favorable terms, or other adverse effects on our liquidity and funding. The financial system also experienced disruption and volatility in early 2023 due to the failure of several banks, and episodes of disruption, volatility or other adverse market conditions may continue to occur if there are additional instances of actual or threatened bank failures. Market disruption and volatility could also impact our credit spreads, which are the amount in excess of the interest rate of U.S. Treasury securities, or other benchmark securities, of the same maturity that we need to pay to our funding providers. Increases in interest rates and our credit spreads could significantly increase our funding costs. Other conditions and factors that could materially adversely affect our liquidity and funding include a lack of market or customer confidence in the Company or negative news about the Company or the financial services industry generally which also may result in a loss of deposits and/or negatively affect our ability to access the capital markets; any inability to sell or securitize loans or other assets; disruptions or volatility in the market for securities repurchase agreements, or any inability to effectively access the market for securities repurchase agreements, which also may increase our short-term funding costs; regulatory requirements or restrictions, including changes to regulatory capital or liquidity requirements; unexpectedly high or accelerated customer draws on lines of credit; any inability to access secured borrowing facilities through the FHLB or FRB, or any negative perception in the market created by accessing these facilities; and, as described below, reductions in one or more of our credit ratings. Many of the above conditions and factors may be caused by events over which we have little or no control. Similarly, the speed with which information is disseminated and the speed with which customers can withdraw funds in response to information may also contribute to a faster and greater loss of deposits, particularly uninsured or non-operational deposits, as well as other adverse effects on liquidity or funding, similar to what contributed to the failure of several banks in early 2023. There can be no assurance that significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets will not occur in the future. For example, concerns over geopolitical issues, commodity and currency prices, as well as global economic conditions, may cause financial market volatility. 
 In addition, concerns regarding U.S. government debt levels, including any potential failure to raise the debt limit, and any associated downgrade of U.S. government debt ratings may cause uncertainty and volatility as well. A downgrade of the sovereign debt ratings of the U.S. government or the debt ratings of related institutions, agencies or instrumentalities, as well as other fiscal or political events could, in addition to causing economic and financial market disruptions, materially adversely affect the market value of the U.S. government securities or federal agency mortgage-backed securities (MBS) that we hold, the availability of those securities as collateral for borrowing, and our ability to access capital markets on favorable terms, as well as 

have other material adverse effects on the operation of our business and our financial results and condition. 
 As noted above, we rely heavily on customer deposits for our funding and liquidity. We compete with banks and other financial services companies for deposits. If our competitors raise the rates they pay on deposits our funding costs may increase, either because we raise our rates to avoid losing deposits or because we lose deposits and must rely on more expensive sources of funding. Checking and savings account balances and other forms of customer deposits may decrease when customers perceive other investment opportunities, such as stocks, bonds, or money market mutual funds, as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. When customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments, we may lose a relatively low-cost source of funds, increasing our funding costs and negatively affecting our liquidity. In addition, we may continue to reduce certain deposit balances in order to manage under the asset cap. 
 If we are unable to continue to fund our assets through customer deposits or access capital markets on favorable terms, if there are changes to our regulatory capital or liquidity requirements, or if we suffer an increase in our borrowing costs or otherwise fail to manage our liquidity effectively (including on an intra-day or intra-affiliate basis), our liquidity, net interest margin, and financial results and condition may be materially adversely affected. As we did during the financial crisis in 2009, we may also need, or be required by our regulators, to raise additional capital through the issuance of common stock, which could dilute the ownership of existing stockholders, or reduce or even eliminate our common stock dividend to preserve capital or to raise additional capital. 
 For additional information, see the Risk Management Asset/Liability Management section in this Report. 
 Adverse changes in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cash flows, and financial results and condition. Our borrowing costs and ability to obtain funding are influenced by our credit ratings. Reductions in one or more of our credit ratings could adversely affect our ability to borrow funds and raise the costs of our borrowings substantially and could cause creditors and business counterparties to raise collateral requirements or take other actions that could adversely affect our ability to raise funding. Credit ratings and credit ratings agencies outlooks are based on the ratings agencies analysis of many quantitative and qualitative factors, including our capital adequacy, liquidity, asset quality, business mix, the level and quality of our earnings, and rating agency assumptions regarding the probability and extent of federal financial assistance or support. In addition to credit ratings, our borrowing costs are affected by various other external factors, including market volatility and concerns or perceptions about the financial services industry generally. There can be no assurance that we will maintain our credit ratings and outlooks and that credit ratings downgrades in the future would not have a material adverse effect on our ability to borrow funds and borrowing costs. Downgrades in our credit ratings also may trigger additional collateral or funding obligations which, depending on the severity of the downgrade, could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, including as a result of credit-related contingent features in certain of our derivative contracts. 
 For information on our credit ratings, see the Risk Management Asset/Liability Management Liquidity Risk and Funding Credit Ratings section and for information regarding additional collateral and funding obligations required of certain derivative instruments in the event our credit ratings were to fall 

70 
 Wells Fargo Company 

below investment grade, see Note 14 (Derivatives) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 
 We rely on dividends from our subsidiaries for liquidity, and federal and state law, regulatory requirements, and certain contractual arrangements can limit those dividends. Wells Fargo Company, the parent holding company (the Parent ), is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. It receives substantially all of its funding and liquidity from dividends and other distributions from its subsidiaries. We generally use these dividends and distributions, among other things, to pay dividends on our common and preferred stock and interest and principal on our debt. Federal and state laws limit the amount of dividends and distributions that our bank and some of our nonbank subsidiaries, including our broker-dealer subsidiaries, may pay to the Parent. Similarly, as part of their supervisory authority, regulators may limit or restrict subsidiary capital distributions. In addition, as part of our resolution planning efforts, we have entered into a Support Agreement dated June 28, 2017, as amended and restated on June 26, 2019, among the Parent, WFC Holdings, LLC, an intermediate holding company and subsidiary of the Parent (the IHC ), Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the Bank ), Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC, and certain other subsidiaries of the Parent designated from time to time as material entities for resolution planning purposes or identified from time to time as related support entities in our resolution plan, pursuant to which the IHC may be restricted from making dividend payments to the Parent if certain liquidity and/or capital metrics fall below defined triggers or if the Parent s board of directors authorizes it to file a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Also, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary s creditors. 
 For additional information, see the Regulation and Supervision Dividend Restrictions and Holding Company Structure sections in our 2023 Form 10-K and the Regulatory Matters section and Note 26 (Regulatory Capital Requirements and Other Restrictions) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 REGULATORY RISKS 
 
 Current and future legislation and/or regulation could require us to change certain of our business practices, reduce our revenue and earnings, impose additional costs on us or otherwise adversely affect our business operations and/or competitive position. Our parent company, our subsidiary banks and many of our nonbank subsidiaries such as those related to our brokerage business, are subject to significant and extensive regulation under state and federal laws in the U.S., as well as the applicable laws of the various jurisdictions outside of the U.S. where they conduct business. These regulations generally protect depositors, federal deposit insurance funds, consumers, investors, employees, or the banking and financial system as a whole, not necessarily our security holders. Economic, market and political conditions during the past few years have led to a significant amount of legislation and regulation in the U.S. and abroad affecting the financial services industry, as well as heightened expectations and scrutiny of financial services companies from banking regulators. These laws and regulations may continue to affect the manner in which we do business and the products and services that we provide, affect or restrict our ability to compete in our current businesses or our ability to enter into or acquire new businesses, reduce or limit our revenue, affect our compliance and risk management activities, 

limit subsidiary capital distributions, increase our capital or liquidity requirements, impose additional fines or assessments on us, intensify the regulatory supervision of us and the financial services industry, and adversely affect our business operations or have other negative consequences. Our businesses and revenue in non-U.S. jurisdictions are also subject to risks from political, economic and social developments in those jurisdictions, including sanctions or business restrictions, asset freezes or confiscation, unfavorable political or diplomatic developments, or financial or social instability. In addition, changes to tax laws, regulations, and guidance may negatively impact our effective income tax rate, financial results, or the amount of any tax assets or liabilities. Furthermore, greater government oversight and scrutiny of Wells Fargo, as well as financial services companies generally, has increased our operational and compliance costs as we must continue to devote substantial resources to enhancing our procedures and controls and meeting heightened regulatory standards and expectations. Any failure to meet regulatory requirements, standards or expectations, either in the U.S. or in non-U.S. jurisdictions, could continue to result in significant fines, penalties, restrictions on certain business activities, reputational harm, or other adverse consequences. 
 Our consumer businesses, including our mortgage, auto, credit card and other consumer lending and non-lending businesses, are subject to numerous and, in many cases, highly complex consumer protection laws and regulations, as well as enhanced regulatory scrutiny and more and expanded regulatory examinations and/or investigations. In particular, the CFPB s rules and requirements may continue to increase our compliance costs, limit the fees we can charge for certain products and services, and require changes in our business practices, which could limit or negatively affect our earnings as well as the products and services that we offer our customers. If we fail to meet enhanced regulatory requirements and expectations with respect to our consumer businesses, we may be subject to increased costs, fines, penalties, restrictions on our business activities including the products and services we can provide, reputational harm, or other adverse consequences. 
 In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act established a comprehensive framework for regulating over-the-counter derivatives, and the CFTC, SEC, and other federal regulatory agencies have adopted rules regulating swaps, security-based swaps, and derivatives activities. These rules may continue to negatively impact customer demand for over-the-counter derivatives, impact our ability to offer customers new derivatives or amendments to existing derivatives, and increase our costs for engaging in swaps, security-based swaps, and other derivatives activities. 
 We are also subject to various rules and regulations related to the prevention of financial crimes and combating terrorism, including the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001. These rules and regulations require us to, among other things, implement policies and procedures related to anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and corruption, economic sanctions, suspicious activities, currency transaction reporting and due diligence on customers. Although we have policies and procedures designed to comply with these rules and regulations, to the extent they are not fully effective or do not meet regulatory standards or expectations, we may be subject to fines, penalties, restrictions on certain business activities, reputational harm, or other adverse consequences. 
 Our businesses are also subject to laws and regulations enacted by U.S. and non-U.S. regulators and governmental authorities relating to the privacy of the information of customers, employees and others. These laws and regulations, 

Wells Fargo Company 71 

Risk Factors (continued) 

 among other things, increase our compliance obligations; have a significant impact on our businesses collection, processing, sharing, use, and retention of personal data and reporting of data breaches; and provide for significant penalties for non-compliance. 
 In addition, we are subject to a number of consent orders and other regulatory actions, including a February 2018 consent order with the FRB regarding the Board s governance and oversight of the Company, and the Company s compliance and operational risk management program. This consent order limits the Company s total consolidated assets as defined under the consent order to the level as of December 31, 2017, until certain conditions are met. This limitation could continue to adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. We are also subject to April 2018 consent orders with the CFPB and OCC regarding the Company s compliance risk management program and past practices involving certain automobile collateral protection insurance policies and certain mortgage interest rate lock extensions. In addition, we are subject to a September 2021 consent order with the OCC regarding loss mitigation activities in the Company s Home Lending business. Similarly, we are subject to a December 2022 consent order with the CFPB regarding multiple matters related to automobile lending, consumer deposit accounts, and mortgage lending. We are also subject to older consent orders including dating back to 2011. Addressing these and other regulatory actions is expected to take multiple years, and we are likely to continue to experience issues or delays along the way in satisfying their requirements. We are also likely to continue to identify more issues as we implement our risk and control infrastructure, which may result in additional regulatory actions. 
 Under the April 2018 consent order with the OCC, the Bank remains subject to requirements that were originally imposed in November 2016 to provide prior written notice to, and obtain non-objection from, the OCC with respect to changes in directors and senior executive officers, and remains subject to certain regulatory limitations on post-termination payments to certain individuals and employees. 
 The Company may be subject to further actions, including the imposition of additional consent orders, regulatory agreements or civil money penalties, by federal regulators regarding similar or other issues. Regulators have indicated the potential for escalating consequences for banks that do not timely resolve open issues or have repeat issues. Furthermore, issues or delays in satisfying the requirements of a regulatory action could affect our progress on others. Failure to satisfy the requirements of a regulatory action on a timely basis could result in additional fines, penalties, business restrictions, limitations on subsidiary capital distributions, increased capital or liquidity requirements, enforcement actions, and other adverse consequences, which could be significant. For example, in September 2021, the OCC assessed a 250 million civil money penalty against the Company related to insufficient progress in addressing requirements under the OCC s April 2018 consent order and loss mitigation activities in the Company s Home Lending business. Compliance with the February 2018 FRB consent order, the April 2018 CFPB and OCC consent orders, the September 2021 OCC consent order, the December 2022 CFPB consent order, older consent orders including dating back to 2011, and any other consent orders or regulatory actions, as well as the implementation of their requirements, may continue to increase the Company s costs, require the Company to reallocate resources away from growing its existing businesses, subject the Company to business restrictions, negatively impact the Company s capital and liquidity, require the Company to undergo 

significant changes to its business, operations, products and services, and risk management practices, and subject the Company to other adverse consequences. For additional information on the Company s consent orders, see the Overview section in this Report. 
 Any future legislation, rule and/or regulation also could significantly change our regulatory environment, increase our cost of doing business, limit the activities we may pursue, affect the competitive balance among banks and other financial services companies, and have a material adverse effect on our financial results and condition. 
 For additional information on the significant regulations and regulatory oversight initiatives that have affected or may affect our business, see the Regulatory Matters section in this Report and the Regulation and Supervision section in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 We could be subject to more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions on our growth, activities or operations if regulators determine that our resolution or recovery plan is deficient. Pursuant to rules adopted by the FRB and the FDIC, Wells Fargo prepares and periodically submits resolution plans, also known as living wills, designed to facilitate our rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure. There can be no assurance that the FRB or FDIC will respond favorably to the Company s resolution plans. 
 If the FRB and/or FDIC determine that a resolution plan has deficiencies, they may impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements on us or restrict our growth, activities or operations until we adequately remedy the deficiencies. If the FRB and/or FDIC ultimately determine that we have been unable to remedy any deficiencies, they could require us to divest certain assets or operations. 
 In addition to our resolution plans, we must also prepare and periodically submit to the FRB a recovery plan that identifies a range of options that we may consider during times of idiosyncratic or systemic economic stress to remedy any 
 financial weaknesses and restore market confidence without extraordinary government support. The Bank must also prepare and periodically submit to the OCC a recovery plan. If either the FRB or the OCC determines that our recovery plan is deficient, they may impose fines, restrictions on our business or ultimately require us to divest assets. 
 Our security holders may suffer losses in a resolution of Wells Fargo even if creditors of our subsidiaries are paid in full. If Wells Fargo were to fail, it may be resolved in a bankruptcy proceeding or, if certain conditions are met, under the resolution regime created by the Dodd-Frank Act known as the orderly liquidation authority, which allows for the appointment of the FDIC as receiver. The FDIC s orderly liquidation authority requires that security holders of a company in receivership bear all losses before U.S. taxpayers are exposed to any losses. There are substantial differences in the rights of creditors between the orderly liquidation authority and the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, including the right of the FDIC to disregard the strict priority of creditor claims under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in certain circumstances and the use of an administrative claims procedure instead of a judicial procedure to determine creditors claims. 
 The strategy described in our most recent resolution plan is a single point of entry strategy, in which the Parent would be the only material legal entity to enter resolution proceedings. However, the strategy described in our resolution plan is not binding in the event of an actual resolution of Wells Fargo. 

72 
 Wells Fargo Company 

To facilitate the orderly resolution of the Company, we entered into the Support Agreement, pursuant to which the Parent transferred a significant amount of its assets to the IHC and will continue to transfer assets to the IHC from time to time. In the event of our material financial distress or failure, the IHC will be obligated to use the transferred assets to provide capital and/or liquidity to the Bank and certain other direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Parent. Under the Support Agreement, the IHC will also provide funding and liquidity to the Parent through subordinated notes and a committed line of credit. If certain liquidity and/or capital metrics fall below defined triggers, or if the Parent s board of directors authorizes it to file a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the subordinated notes would be forgiven, the committed line of credit would terminate, and the IHC s ability to pay dividends to the Parent would be restricted, any of which could materially and adversely impact the Parent s liquidity and its ability to satisfy its debts and other obligations, and could result in the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings by the Parent at an earlier time than might have otherwise occurred if the Support Agreement were not implemented. 
 Any resolution of the Company will likely impose losses on shareholders, unsecured debt holders and other creditors of the Parent, while the Parent s subsidiaries may continue to operate. Creditors of some or all of our subsidiaries may receive significant or full recoveries on their claims, while the Parent s security holders could face significant or complete losses. This outcome may arise whether the Company is resolved under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or by the FDIC under the orderly liquidation authority, and whether the resolution is conducted using a single point of entry strategy or using a multiple point of entry strategy, in which the Parent and one or more of its subsidiaries would each undergo separate resolution proceedings. Furthermore, in a single point of entry or multiple point of entry strategy, losses at some or all of our subsidiaries could be transferred to the Parent and borne by the Parent s security holders. Moreover, if either resolution strategy proved to be unsuccessful, our security holders could face greater losses than if the strategy had not been implemented. 
 For additional information, see the Regulatory Matters Living Will Requirements and Related Matters section in this Report. 
 Regulatory rules and requirements may impose higher capital and liquidity levels, limiting our ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase our common stock, invest in our business, or provide loans or other products and services to our customers . The Company and each of our insured depository institutions are subject to various regulatory capital adequacy requirements administered by federal banking regulators. In particular, the Company is subject to rules issued by federal banking regulators to implement Basel III risk-based capital requirements for U.S. banking organizations. These capital rules, among other things, establish required minimum ratios relating capital to different categories of assets and exposures. Federal banking regulators have also imposed a leverage ratio and a supplementary leverage ratio on large BHCs like Wells Fargo and our insured depository institutions. The FRB has also finalized rules to address the amount of equity and unsecured long-term debt a U.S. G-SIB must hold to improve its resolvability and resiliency, often referred to as total loss absorbing capacity (TLAC). Similarly, federal banking regulators have issued final rules that implement a liquidity coverage ratio and a net stable funding ratio. 

In addition, as part of its obligation to impose enhanced capital and risk-management standards on large financial firms pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the FRB has issued a capital plan rule that establishes capital planning and other requirements that govern capital distributions, including dividends and share repurchases, by certain BHCs, including Wells Fargo. The FRB has also finalized a number of regulations implementing enhanced prudential requirements for large BHCs like Wells Fargo regarding risk-based capital and leverage, risk and liquidity management, single counterparty credit limits, and imposing debt-to-equity limits on any BHC that regulators determine poses a grave threat to the financial stability of the United States. The FRB and OCC have also finalized rules implementing stress testing requirements for large BHCs and national banks. Furthermore, the FRB has established expectations regarding effective boards of directors of large BHCs. The OCC, under separate authority, has also established heightened governance and risk management standards for large national banks, such as the Bank. 
 The Basel standards and federal regulatory capital, leverage, liquidity, TLAC, capital planning, and other requirements may limit or otherwise restrict how we utilize our capital, including common stock dividends and stock repurchases, and may require us to increase our capital and/or liquidity. Any requirement that we increase our regulatory capital, regulatory capital ratios or liquidity, including due to changes in regulatory requirements, such as from the adoption of the current proposal to revise the Basel standards in the U.S., changes in regulatory interpretations regarding risk-weighted asset calculation methodologies, including the impact from securitizations of credit risk, or as a result of business growth, acquisitions or a change in our risk profile, could increase our funding costs, reduce our flexibility to source and deploy funding, or require us to liquidate assets or otherwise change our business, product offerings and/or investment plans, which may negatively affect our financial results. Although not currently anticipated, new capital requirements and/or our regulators may require us to raise additional capital in the future. Issuing additional common stock may dilute the ownership of existing stockholders. In addition, federal banking regulations may continue to increase our compliance costs as well as limit our ability to invest in our business or provide loans or other products and services to our customers. 
 For additional information, see the Capital Management, Risk Management Asset/Liability Management Liquidity Risk and Funding Liquidity Standards, and Regulatory Matters sections in this Report and the Regulation and Supervision section in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 FRB policies, including policies on interest rates, can significantly affect business and economic conditions and our financial results and condition. The FRB regulates the supply of money in the United States. Its policies determine in large part our cost of funds for lending and investing and the return we earn on those loans and investments, both of which affect our net interest income and net interest margin. The FRB s interest rate policies also can materially affect the value of financial instruments we hold, such as debt securities. In addition, its policies can affect our borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans. Changes in FRB policies, including its target range for the federal funds rate or actions taken to increase or decrease the size of its balance sheet, are beyond our control and can be hard to predict. The FRB significantly raised its target range for the federal funds rate over the last two years to address high inflation, however, the FRB 

Wells Fargo Company 73 

Risk Factors (continued) 

 could decide to further raise it or lower it in 2024. As noted above, changes in the interest rate environment and yield curve which may result from the FRB s actions could negatively affect our net interest income and net interest margin. 
 CREDIT RISKS 
 
 Increased credit risk, including as a result of a deterioration in economic conditions or changes in market conditions, could require us to increase our provision for credit losses and allowance for credit losses and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. When we loan money or commit to loan money we incur credit risk, or the risk of losses if our borrowers do not repay their loans. As one of the largest lenders in the U.S., the credit performance of our loan portfolios significantly affects our financial results and condition. We also incur credit risk in connection with trading and other activities. As noted above, if the economic environment were to deteriorate, more of our customers and counterparties may have difficulty in repaying their loans or other obligations which could result in a higher level of credit losses and provision for credit losses. We reserve for credit losses by establishing an allowance through a charge to earnings. The amount of this allowance is based on our assessment of expected credit losses over the anticipated life of our loan portfolio (including unfunded credit commitments). The process for determining the amount of the allowance is critical to our financial results and condition. It requires difficult, subjective, and complex judgments about the future, including forecasts of economic or market conditions that might impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans. We might increase the allowance because of changing economic conditions, including falling home or commercial real estate values, higher unemployment or inflation, significant loan growth, changes in consumer behavior, or other market conditions that adversely affect borrowers, or other factors. Additionally, the regulatory environment or external factors, such as natural disasters, disease pandemics such as COVID-19, political or social matters, or trade policies, also can continue to influence recognition of credit losses in our loan portfolios and impact our allowance for credit losses. 
 Future allowance levels may increase or decrease based on a variety of factors, including loan balance changes, portfolio credit quality and mix changes, and changes in general economic conditions. While we believe that our allowance for credit losses was appropriate at December 31, 2023, there is no assurance that it will be sufficient to cover future credit losses. In the event of significant deterioration in economic conditions or if we experience significant loan growth, we may be required to increase the allowance in future periods, which would reduce our earnings. 
 For additional information, see the Risk Management Credit Risk Management and Critical Accounting Policies Allowance for Credit Losses sections in this Report. 
 We may have more credit risk and higher credit losses to the extent our loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the borrower or collateral. Our credit risk and credit losses can increase if our loans are concentrated to borrowers engaged in the same or similar activities or to borrowers who individually or as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. Similarly, challenging economic or market conditions, or trade policies, affecting a particular industry or geography may also impact related or dependent industries or 

the ability of borrowers living in such affected areas or working in such industries to meet their financial obligations. We experienced the effect of concentration risk in 2009 and 2010 when we incurred greater than expected losses in our residential real estate loan portfolio due to a housing slowdown and greater than expected deterioration in residential real estate values in many markets, including the Central Valley California market and several Southern California metropolitan statistical areas. As California is our largest banking state in terms of loans, deterioration in real estate values and underlying economic conditions in those markets or elsewhere in California could result in materially higher credit losses. In addition, changes in consumer behavior or other market conditions may adversely affect borrowers in certain industries or sectors, which may increase our credit risk and reduce the demand by these borrowers for our products and services. Moreover, deterioration in macro-economic conditions generally across the country could result in materially higher credit losses, including for our residential real estate loan portfolio, which includes nonconforming mortgage loans we retain on our balance sheet. We may experience higher delinquencies and higher loss rates as our consumer real estate secured lines of credit reach their contractual end of draw period and begin to amortize. 
 We are currently one of the largest CRE lenders in the U.S. 
 A deterioration in economic conditions that negatively affects the business performance of our CRE borrowers, including increases in interest rates and related refinancing risks at maturity, declines in commercial property values, and/or changes in consumer behavior or other market conditions, such as a continued decrease in the demand for office space, could result in materially higher credit losses and have a material adverse effect on our financial results and condition. 
 Challenges and/or changes in non-U.S. economic conditions may increase our non-U.S. credit risk. Economic difficulties in non-U.S. jurisdictions could also indirectly have a material adverse effect on our credit performance and results of operations and financial condition to the extent they negatively affect the U.S. economy and/or our borrowers who have non-U.S. operations. 
 Due to regulatory requirements, we must clear certain derivative transactions through central counterparty clearinghouses (CCPs), which results in credit exposure to these CCPs. Similarly, because we are a member of various CCPs, we may be required to pay a portion of any losses incurred by the CCP in the event that one or more members of the CCP defaults on its obligations. In addition, we are exposed to the risk of non-performance by our clients for which we clear transactions through CCPs to the extent such non-performance is not sufficiently covered by available collateral. 
 For additional information regarding credit risk, see the Risk Management Credit Risk Management section and 
 Note 5 (Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 OPERATIONAL, STRATEGIC, AND LEGAL RISKS 
 A failure in or breach of our operational or security systems, controls or infrastructure, or those of our third-party vendors and other service providers, could disrupt our businesses, damage our reputation, increase our costs and cause losses. As a large financial institution that serves customers through numerous physical locations, ATMs, the internet, mobile banking and other distribution channels across the U.S. and internationally, we depend on our ability to process, record and monitor a large number of customer transactions on a 

74 
 Wells Fargo Company 

continuous basis. As our customer base and locations have a broad geographic footprint throughout the U.S. and internationally, as we have increasingly used the internet and mobile banking to provide products and services to our customers, as customer, public, legislative and regulatory expectations regarding operational and information security have increased, and as cyber and other information security attacks have become more prevalent and complex, our operational systems, controls and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions and breakdowns. Our business, financial, accounting, data processing systems or other operating systems and facilities may stop operating properly, become insufficient based on our evolving business needs, or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. For example, there have been and could in the future be sudden increases in customer transaction volume; electrical or telecommunications outages; degradation or loss of internet, website or mobile banking availability; natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornados, and hurricanes; disease pandemics such as COVID-19; events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; and, as described below, cyber attacks or other information security incidents. The COVID-19 pandemic or any new pandemic could result in the occurrence of new, unanticipated adverse effects on us or the recurrence of adverse effects similar to those already experienced, including creating additional operational and compliance risks, such as the need to comply with rapidly changing regulatory requirements and to quickly implement new measures to protect the functionality of our systems, networks, and operations. 
 Furthermore, enhancements and upgrades to our infrastructure or operating systems may be time-consuming, entail significant costs, and create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. Due to the complexity and interconnectedness of our systems, the process of enhancing our infrastructure and operating systems, including their security measures and controls, can itself create a risk of system disruptions and security issues. Similarly, we may not be able to timely recover critical business processes or operations that have been disrupted, which may further increase any associated costs and consequences of such disruptions. Although we have enterprise incident response processes, business continuity plans and other safeguards in place to help provide operational resiliency, our business operations may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and customers. For example, we have experienced system issues caused by a variety of factors that have resulted in intermittent service interruptions, such as temporary disruptions to online and mobile banking services, delays in posting transactions, and customer difficulty signing into accounts. 
 As a result of financial institutions and technology systems becoming more interconnected and complex, any operational incident at a third party may increase the risk of loss or material impact to us or the financial industry as a whole. Furthermore, third parties on which we rely, including those that facilitate our business activities or to which we outsource operations, such as exchanges, clearing houses, financial intermediaries or vendors that provide services or security solutions for our operations, could continue to be sources of operational risk to us, including from information breaches or loss, breakdowns, disruptions or failures of their own systems or infrastructure, or any deficiencies in the performance of their responsibilities. These risks are 

increased to the extent we rely on a single third party or on third parties in a single geographic area. We are also exposed to the risk that a disruption or other operational incident at a common service provider to our third parties could impede their ability to provide services or perform their responsibilities for us. In addition, we must meet regulatory requirements and expectations regarding our use of third-party service providers, and any failure by our third-party service providers to meet their obligations to us or to comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations, or Wells Fargo policies could result in fines, penalties, restrictions on our business, or other adverse consequences. 
 Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure, controls or operating systems that support our businesses and customers, failures of the third parties on which we rely to adequately or appropriately provide their services or perform their responsibilities, or our failure to effectively manage or oversee our third-party relationships, could result in business disruptions, loss of revenue or customers, legal or regulatory proceedings, remediation and other costs, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, reputational damage, customer harm, or other adverse consequences, any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 A cyber attack or other information security incident could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or reputation. Information security risks for large financial institutions such as Wells Fargo have generally increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet, mobile devices, and cloud technologies to conduct financial transactions, the increased prevalence and availability of artificial intelligence, the increase in remote work arrangements, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, and other external parties, including foreign state-sponsored parties. Those parties also may continue to attempt to misrepresent personal or financial information to commit fraud, obtain loans or other financial products from us, or attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, or other users of our systems to disclose confidential, proprietary, or other information to gain access to our data or that of our customers. Geopolitical matters may also elevate the risk of an information security threat, particularly by foreign state-sponsored parties or their supporters. As noted above, our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer systems and networks. Our banking, brokerage, investment advisory, and capital markets businesses rely on our digital technologies, computer and email systems, software, hardware, and networks to conduct their operations. In addition, to access our products and services, our customers may use personal smartphones, tablets, and other mobile devices that are beyond our control systems. Our technologies, systems, software, networks, and our customers devices continue to be the target of cyber attacks or other information security threats, which could materially adversely affect us, including as a result of fraudulent activity, the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of Wells Fargo s or our customers confidential, proprietary and other information, or the disruption of Wells Fargo s or our customers or other third parties business operations. For example, various retailers have reported they were victims of cyber attacks in which large amounts of their customers data, including debit and credit card information, was obtained. In these situations, we generally incur costs to replace compromised cards and address fraudulent 

Wells Fargo Company 75 

Risk Factors (continued) 

 transaction activity affecting our customers. We are also exposed to the risk that an employee or other person acting on behalf of the Company fails to comply with applicable policies and procedures and inappropriately circumvents information security controls for personal gain or other improper purposes. 
 Due to the increasing interconnectedness and complexity of financial institutions and technology systems, an information security incident at a third party or a third party s downstream service providers may increase the risk of loss or material impact to us or the financial industry as a whole. In addition, third parties (including their downstream service providers) on which we rely, including those that facilitate our business activities or to which we outsource operations, such as internet, mobile technology, hardware, software, and cloud service providers, continue to be sources of information security risk to us. We could suffer material harm, including business disruptions, losses or remediation costs, reputational damage, legal or regulatory proceedings, or other adverse consequences as a result of the failure of those third parties to adequately or appropriately safeguard their technologies, systems, networks, hardware, and software, or as a result of our or our customers data being compromised due to information security incidents affecting those third parties. 
 Our risk and exposure to information security threats remains heightened because of, among other things, the persistent and evolving nature of these threats, the prominent size and scale of Wells Fargo and its role in the financial services industry, our plans to continue to implement our digital and mobile banking channel strategies and develop additional remote connectivity solutions to serve our customers when and how they want to be served, our geographic footprint and international presence, our use of third parties, the outsourcing of some of our business operations, and the current global economic and political environment. For example, Wells Fargo and other financial institutions, as well as our third-party service providers, continue to be the target of various evolving and adaptive information security threats, including cyber attacks, malware, ransomware, other malicious software intended to exploit hardware or software vulnerabilities, phishing, credential validation, and distributed denial-of-service, in an effort to disrupt the operations of financial institutions, test their cybersecurity capabilities, commit fraud, or obtain confidential, proprietary or other information. Cyber attacks have also focused on targeting online applications and services, such as online banking, as well as cloud-based and other products and services provided by third parties, and have targeted the infrastructure of the internet, causing the widespread unavailability of websites and degrading website performance. As a result, information security and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and systems designed to protect our networks, computers, software and data from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for Wells Fargo. We are also involved in industry cybersecurity efforts and working with other parties, including our third-party service providers and governmental agencies, to continue to enhance defenses and improve resiliency to information security threats. As these threats continue to evolve, we expect to continue to be required to expend significant resources to develop and enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. Because the investigation of any information security breach is inherently unpredictable and would require time to complete, we may not be able to immediately address the consequences of a breach, which may further increase any associated costs and consequences. Moreover, to the extent our 

insurance covers aspects of information security risk, such insurance may not be sufficient to cover all liabilities or losses associated with an information security breach. 
 Cyber attacks or other information security incidents affecting us or third parties (including their downstream service providers) on which we rely, including those that facilitate our business activities or to which we outsource operations, or affecting the networks, systems or devices that our customers use to access our products and services, could result in business disruptions, loss of revenue or customers, legal or regulatory proceedings, compliance, remediation and other costs, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, reputational damage, or other adverse consequences, any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Our framework for managing risks may not be fully effective in mitigating risk and loss to us. Our risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss to us. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the types of risk to which we are subject, including liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, operational risk, legal and compliance risk, and reputational risk, among others. However, as with any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to our risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or managed. Our risk management framework is also dependent on ensuring that effective operational controls and an appropriate risk mindset exist throughout the Company. The inability to develop effective operational controls or to foster the appropriate culture throughout the Company, including the inability to align performance management and compensation to achieve the desired culture, could adversely impact the effectiveness of our risk management framework. Similarly, if we are unable to effectively manage our business or operations, we may be exposed to increased risks or unexpected losses. We process a large number of transactions each day and could continue to experience increased costs, regulatory investigations, or other adverse consequences if we do not accurately or completely execute a process or transaction, whether due to human error or otherwise; if we are unable to detect and prevent fraudulent activity; or if an employee or third-party service provider fails to comply with applicable policies and procedures, inappropriately circumvents controls, or engages in other misconduct. 
 In certain instances, we rely on models to measure, monitor and predict risks, such as market, interest rate, liquidity and credit risks, as well as to help inform business decisions; however, there is no assurance that these models will appropriately or sufficiently capture all relevant risks or accurately predict future events or exposures. Furthermore, certain of our models are subject to regulatory review and approval, and any failure to meet regulatory standards or expectations could result in fines, penalties, restrictions on certain business activities, or other adverse consequences, and any required modifications or changes to these models can impact our capital ratios and requirements and result in increased operational and compliance costs. In addition, we rely on data to aggregate and assess our various risk exposures and business activities, and any issues with the quality or effectiveness of our data, including our aggregation, management, and validation procedures, could result in ineffective risk management practices, business decisions or customer service, inefficient use of resources, or inaccurate regulatory or other risk reporting. 

76 
 Wells Fargo Company 

We also use artificial intelligence to help further inform or automate certain business decisions, operations, and risk management practices, as well as to improve our customer service, but there is no assurance that artificial intelligence will appropriately or sufficiently replicate certain outcomes or human assessment or accurately predict future events or exposures. For example, the algorithms or datasets underlying our artificial intelligence may be inaccurate or include other weaknesses that could result in deficient or biased data outputs or other unintended consequences. Accordingly, even though we may have controls, our use of artificial intelligence could result in ineffective business decisions, operations, risk management practices, or customer service, legal or regulatory proceedings, reputational harm, or other adverse effects on our business or financial results. 
 Previous financial and credit crises and resulting regulatory reforms highlighted both the importance and some of the limitations of managing unanticipated risks, and our regulators remain focused on ensuring that financial institutions, and Wells Fargo in particular, maintain risk management policies and practices. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 We may be exposed to additional legal or regulatory proceedings, costs, and other adverse consequences related to instances where customers may have experienced financial harm. We have identified and may in the future identify areas or instances where customers may have experienced financial harm, including as a result of our continuing efforts to strengthen our risk and control infrastructure. For example, we identified certain issues related to past practices involving certain automobile collateral protection insurance policies and certain issues related to the unused portion of guaranteed automobile protection waiver or insurance agreements. We also previously entered into settlements to resolve inquiries or investigations by various government entities and lawsuits by non-government parties arising out of certain retail sales practices of the Company. Negative publicity or public opinion resulting from instances where customers may have experienced financial harm may continue to increase the risk of reputational harm to our business. Similarly, the identification of areas or instances where customers may have experienced financial harm could lead to, and in some cases has already resulted in, significant remediation costs, loss of revenue or customers, legal or regulatory proceedings, compliance and other costs, or other adverse consequences. 
 For additional information, see the Overview Retail Sales Practices Matters and Overview Customer Remediation Activities sections in this Report. 
 We may incur fines, penalties, business restrictions, and other adverse consequences from regulatory violations or from any failure to meet regulatory standards or expectations. We maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations. However, we are subject to heightened compliance and regulatory oversight and expectations, particularly due to the evolving and increasingly complex regulatory landscape we operate in. We are also subject to consent orders and other regulatory actions that subject us to various conditions and restrictions. In addition, a single event or issue may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings, either by multiple federal and state agencies in the U.S. or by multiple regulators and other governmental entities in different jurisdictions. Also, the laws and regulations in 

jurisdictions in which we operate may be different or even conflict with each other, such as differences between U.S. federal and state law or differences between U.S. and non-U.S. laws as to the products and services we may offer or other business activities we may engage in, which can lead to compliance difficulties or issues. Additionally, regulatory or compliance issues at other financial institutions could result in regulatory scrutiny for us. We could also be subject to regulatory actions, including fines, penalties, business restrictions, or other adverse consequences, if we fail to obtain applicable licensing or registration in any jurisdiction in which we offer our products and services. Furthermore, many legal and regulatory regimes require us to report transactions and other information to regulators and other governmental authorities, self-regulatory organizations, exchanges, clearing houses and customers. We may be subject to fines, penalties, business restrictions, or other adverse consequences if we do not timely, completely, or accurately provide regulatory reports, customer notices, or disclosures. 
 Moreover, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines, penalties, business restrictions, or other adverse consequences for noncompliance even though the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though there were systems and procedures in place at the time designed to ensure compliance. For example, we are subject to regulations issued by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) that prohibit financial institutions from participating in the transfer of property belonging to the governments of certain non-U.S. countries and designated nationals of those countries. OFAC may impose fines, penalties, or restrictions on certain business activities for inadvertent or unintentional violations even if reasonable processes are in place to prevent the violations. Any violation of these or other applicable laws or regulatory requirements, even if inadvertent or unintentional, or any failure to meet regulatory standards or expectations, including any failure to satisfy the conditions of any consent orders or other regulatory actions, could result in significant fines, penalties, restrictions on certain business activities, negative impacts to our capital and liquidity, requirements to undergo significant changes to our business, operations, products and services, and risk management practices, reputational harm, loss of customers, or other adverse consequences. Furthermore, these consequences may escalate to the extent issues are not timely resolved or are repeated. 
 
 Reputational harm, including as a result of our actual or alleged conduct or public opinion of the financial services industry generally, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Reputation risk, or the risk to our business, earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in our business and has increased substantially because of our size and profile in the financial services industry, sales practices related matters, and instances where customers may have experienced financial harm. Negative public opinion about the financial services industry generally or Wells Fargo specifically could adversely affect our reputation and our ability to keep and attract customers. Negative public opinion could result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including sales practices; mortgage, auto or other consumer lending practices; loan origination or servicing activities; mortgage foreclosure actions; management of client accounts or investments; lending, investing or other business relationships; identification and management of potential conflicts of interest from transactions, obligations and interests with and among our customers; environmental, social and governance practices; regulatory compliance; risk management; 

Wells Fargo Company 77 

Risk Factors (continued) 

 incentive compensation practices; and disclosure, sharing or inadequate protection or improper use of customer information, and from actions taken by government regulators and community or other organizations in response to that conduct. Although we have policies and procedures in place intended to detect and prevent conduct by employees and third-party service providers that could potentially harm customers or our reputation, there is no assurance that such policies and procedures will be fully effective in preventing such conduct. Furthermore, our actual or perceived failure to address or prevent any such conduct or otherwise to effectively manage our business or operations could result in significant reputational harm. In addition, because we conduct most of our businesses under the Wells Fargo brand, negative public opinion about one business also could affect our other businesses. Moreover, actions by the financial services industry generally or by certain members or individuals in the industry also can adversely affect our reputation. The proliferation of social media websites utilized by Wells Fargo and other third parties, as well as the personal use of social media by our employees and others, including personal blogs and social network profiles, also may increase the risk that negative, inappropriate or unauthorized information may be posted or released publicly that could harm our reputation or have other negative consequences, including as a result of our employees interacting with our customers in an unauthorized manner in various social media outlets. 
 Wells Fargo and other financial institutions have been targeted from time to time by protests and demonstrations, which have included disrupting the operation of our retail banking locations, and have been subject to negative public commentary, including with respect to certain business practices and the fees charged for various products and services. Wells Fargo and other financial institutions have also been subject to negative publicity as a result of providing or reducing financial services to or making investments in industries or organizations subject to stakeholder concerns. There can be no assurance that continued protests or negative public opinion of the Company specifically or large financial institutions generally will not harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to develop and execute effective business plans or strategies or manage change effectively, our competitive standing and results of operations could suffer. In order to advance our business goals, we may undertake business plans or strategies related to, among other things, our organizational structure, our compliance and risk management framework, our expenses and efficiency, the types of products and services we offer, the types of businesses we engage in, the geographies in which we operate, the manner in which we serve our clients and customers, the third parties with which we do business, and the methods and distribution channels by which we offer our products and services. Accomplishing these business plans or strategies may be complex, time intensive, require significant financial, technological, management and other resources, may divert management attention and resources away from other areas of the Company, and may impact our expenses and ability to generate revenue. There is no guarantee that any business plans or strategies, including our current efficiency initiatives, will ultimately be successful. To the extent we are unable to develop or execute effective business plans or strategies or manage change effectively, our competitive position, reputation, prospects for growth, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

In addition, from time to time, we may decide to divest certain businesses or assets. Difficulties in executing a divestiture may cause us not to realize any expected cost savings or other benefits from the divestiture, or may result in higher than expected losses of employees or harm our ability to retain customers. The divestiture or winding down of certain businesses or assets may also result in the impairment of goodwill or other long-lived assets related to those businesses or assets, which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Similarly, we may explore opportunities to expand our products, services, and assets through strategic acquisitions of companies or businesses in the financial services industry. We generally must receive federal regulatory approvals before we can acquire a bank, bank holding company, or certain other financial services businesses. We cannot be certain when or if, or on what terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be granted. We might be required to sell banks, branches and/or business units or assets or issue additional equity as a condition to receiving regulatory approval for an acquisition. When we do announce an acquisition, our stock price may fall depending on the size of the acquisition, the type of business to be acquired, the purchase price, and the potential dilution to existing stockholders or our earnings per share if we issue common stock in connection with the acquisition. Furthermore, difficulty in integrating an acquired company or business may cause us not to realize expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and other projected benefits from the acquisition. The integration could result in higher than expected deposit attrition, loss of key employees, an increase in our compliance costs or risk profile, disruption of our business or the acquired business, or otherwise harm our ability to retain customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. Time and resources spent on integration may also impair our ability to grow our existing businesses. Many of the foregoing risks may be increased if the acquired company or business operates internationally or in a geographic location where we do not already have significant business operations and/or employees. 
 Our operations and business could be adversely affected by the impacts of climate change. The physical effects of climate change, including the increased prevalence and severity of extreme weather events and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, droughts, and wildfires, could damage or interfere with our operations or those of our third-party service providers, which could disrupt our business, increase our costs, or cause losses. Climate change related impacts could also negatively affect the financial condition of our customers, increase the credit risk associated with those customers, or result in the deterioration of the value of the collateral we hold. In addition, changes in consumer behavior or other market conditions on account of climate considerations or due to the transition to a low carbon economy may adversely affect customers in certain industries, sectors or geographies, which may increase our credit risk and reduce the demand by these customers for our products and services. Furthermore, the transition to a low carbon economy could affect our business practices or result in additional costs or other adverse consequences to our business operations. Legislation and/or regulation in connection with climate change, as well as stakeholder perceptions and expectations related to climate change and its impacts, could require us to change certain of our business and/or risk management practices, impose additional costs on us, reduce our revenue or business opportunities, subject us to legal or regulatory proceedings, or otherwise adversely affect our 

78 
 Wells Fargo Company 

operations and business. Additionally, climate-related data may be based on emerging practices that are subject to measurement uncertainties or may be available only from third-parties, which can impact the quality and consistency of the data and make it difficult to collect, validate, and analyze, impact the effectiveness of our related models, projections, strategies, and decisions, or result in legal actions or other adverse consequences. Moreover, our reputation may be damaged and we may lose business opportunities as a result of our response to climate change or our strategy for the transition to a low carbon economy, including if we are unable or perceived to be unable to achieve our objectives or if our response is disliked or perceived to be ineffective or insufficient. Similarly, any overstatement or mislabeling of the environmental benefits of our products, services or activities may subject us to legal actions, reputational harm, or other adverse consequences. For additional information on regulatory developments in response to climate change, see the Regulatory Matters section in this Report. 
 
 We are exposed to potential financial loss or other adverse consequences from legal actions. Wells Fargo and some of its subsidiaries are involved in judicial, regulatory, governmental, arbitration, and other proceedings or investigations concerning matters arising from the conduct of our business activities, and many of those proceedings and investigations expose Wells Fargo to potential financial loss or other adverse consequences. There can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of any of these legal actions. We establish accruals for legal actions when potential losses associated with the actions become probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. We may still incur costs for a legal action even if we have not established an accrual. In addition, the actual cost of resolving a legal action may be substantially higher than any amounts accrued for that action. The ultimate resolution of a pending legal action, depending on the remedy sought and granted, could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 As noted above, we are subject to heightened regulatory oversight and scrutiny, which may lead to regulatory investigations, proceedings or enforcement actions. In addition to imposing potentially significant fines, penalties, business restrictions, and other adverse consequences, regulatory authorities may require criminal pleas or other admissions of wrongdoing and compliance with other conditions in connection with settling such matters, which can lead to reputational harm, loss of customers, restrictions on the ability to access capital markets, limitations on capital distributions, the inability to engage in certain business activities or offer certain products or services, and/or other direct and indirect adverse effects. 
 For additional information, see Note 13 (Legal Actions) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 MORTGAGE BUSINESS RISKS 
 
 Our mortgage banking revenue can be volatile from quarter to quarter, including from the impact of changes in interest rates, and we rely on the GSEs to purchase our conforming loans to reduce our credit risk and provide liquidity to fund new mortgage loans. We earn revenue from fees we receive for originating mortgage loans and for servicing mortgage loans. Changes in interest rates can affect these fees, as well as the fair value of our MSRs. When rates rise, the demand for mortgage loans usually tends to fall, reducing the revenue we receive from loan originations. Under the same conditions, revenue from our MSRs usually tends to increase due to a decline in the likelihood 

of prepayments, which increases the fair value of our MSRs. When rates fall, mortgage originations usually tend to increase and the value of our MSRs usually tends to decline, also with some offsetting revenue effect. Even though changes in interest rates can cause this offsetting effect, the effect is not perfect, either in amount or timing. 
 We typically use derivatives and other instruments to hedge our mortgage banking interest rate risk. We may not hedge all of our risk, and we may not be successful in hedging any of the risk. Hedging is not a perfect science, and we could incur significant losses from our hedging activities. 
 We rely on the GSEs to purchase mortgage loans that meet their conforming loan requirements and on government insuring agencies, such as the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) and the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), to insure or guarantee loans that meet their policy requirements. If the GSEs or government insuring agencies were to limit or reduce their purchasing, insuring or guaranteeing of loans, our ability to fund, and thus originate, new mortgage loans, could be reduced. We cannot assure that the GSEs or government insuring agencies will not materially limit their purchases, insuring or guaranteeing of conforming loans or change their criteria for what constitutes a conforming loan. Similarly, there have been various proposals to reform the housing finance market in the U.S., including the role of the GSEs, which, depending on any ultimate reforms enacted, could have an adverse impact on our mortgage banking business. In addition, to meet customer needs, we also originate loans that do not conform to either the GSEs or government insuring agencies standards, which are generally retained on our balance sheet and therefore do not generate sale proceeds that could be used to originate new loans. 
 For additional information, see the Risk Management Asset/Liability Management Mortgage Banking Interest Rate and Market Risk, Critical Accounting Policies Valuation of Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights (MSRs) and Critical Accounting Policies Fair Value of Financial Instruments sections in this Report. 
 We may suffer losses, penalties, or other adverse consequences if we fail to satisfy our obligations with respect to the residential mortgage loans or other assets we originate or service. For residential mortgage loans that we originate, we could become subject to monetary damages and other civil penalties, including the loss of certain contractual payments or the inability to exercise certain remedies under the loans such as foreclosure proceedings, if it is alleged or determined that the loans were not originated in accordance with applicable laws or regulations. 
 Additionally, for residential mortgage loans that we originate and sell, we may be required to repurchase the loans or indemnify or reimburse the securitization trust, investor or insurer for credit losses incurred on loans in the event of a breach of contractual representations or warranties in the agreements under which we sell the loans or in the insurance or guaranty agreements that we enter into with the FHA and VA. If economic conditions or the housing market worsen, we could have increased repurchase obligations and increased loss severity on repurchases. We may also have repurchase or other obligations to the extent we originate and securitize other assets, such as credit card loans. 
 Furthermore, if we fail to satisfy our servicing obligations for the mortgage loans we service, we may be terminated as servicer or master servicer, required to indemnify the securitization trustee against losses, and/or contractually obligated to repurchase a mortgage loan or reimburse investors for credit 

Wells Fargo Company 79 

Risk Factors (continued) 

 losses, any of which could significantly reduce our net servicing income. 
 We may also incur costs, liabilities to borrowers and/or securitization investors, legal actions, or other adverse consequences if we fail to meet our servicing obligations, including our obligations with respect to mortgage foreclosure actions or if we experience delays in the foreclosure process. Our mortgage banking revenue may be negatively affected to the extent our servicing costs increase because of higher foreclosure or other servicing related costs. In addition, we may continue to be subject to fines, penalties, business restrictions, reputational harm, and other adverse consequences as a result of actual or perceived deficiencies in our mortgage servicing practices, including with respect to our compliance with existing consent order requirements, our foreclosure practices, our loss mitigation activities such as loan modifications or forbearances, or our servicing of flood zone properties. We may also face risks, including regulatory, compliance, and market risks, as we pursue our previously announced plans to reduce the amount of residential mortgage loans we service. 
 For additional information, see the Overview, Risk Management Credit Risk Management Mortgage Banking Activities, and Critical Accounting Policies Valuation of Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights (MSRs) sections and Note 13 (Legal Actions) and Note 17 (Guarantees and Other Commitments) to Financial Statements in this Report. 
 COMPETITIVE RISKS 
 We face significant and increasing competition in the rapidly evolving financial services industry. We compete with other financial institutions in a highly competitive industry that is undergoing significant changes as a result of financial regulatory reform, technological advances, increased public scrutiny, and economic conditions. Our success depends on, among other things, our ability to develop and maintain deep and enduring relationships with our customers based on the quality of our customer service, the wide variety of products and services that we can offer our customers and the ability of those products and services to satisfy our customers needs and preferences, the pricing of our products and services, the extensive distribution channels available for our customers, our innovation, and our reputation. Continued or increased competition in any one or all of these areas may negatively affect our customer relationships, market share and results of operations and/or cause us to increase our capital investment in our businesses in order to remain competitive. In addition, our ability to reposition or reprice our products and services from time to time may be limited and could be influenced significantly by the economic, regulatory and political environment for large financial institutions as well as by the actions of our competitors. Furthermore, any changes in the types of products and services that we offer our customers and/or the pricing for those products and services could result in a loss of customer relationships and market share and could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Continued technological advances and the growth of 
 e-commerce have made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products, and for financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including electronic securities trading, lending and payment solutions. In addition, technological advances, including digital currencies and alternative payment methods, may diminish the importance of depository institutions and other 

financial intermediaries in the transfer of funds between parties. We may not respond effectively to these and other competitive threats from existing and new competitors and may be forced to offer products and services at lower prices, increase our investment in our business to modify or adapt our existing products and services, and/or develop new products and services to respond to our customers needs and preferences. To the extent we are not successful in developing and introducing new products and services or responding or adapting to the competitive landscape or to changes in customer preferences, we may lose customer relationships and our growth prospects and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our ability to attract and retain qualified employees is critical to the success of our business and failure to do so could adversely affect our business performance, competitive position and future prospects. The success of Wells Fargo is heavily dependent on the talents and efforts of our employees, including our senior leaders, and in many areas of our business, including commercial banking, brokerage, investment advisory, capital markets, risk management, and technology, the competition for highly qualified personnel is intense. We also seek to retain a pipeline of employees to provide continuity of succession for our senior leadership positions. In order to attract and retain highly qualified employees, we must provide competitive compensation, benefits and work arrangements, effectively manage employee performance and development, and foster a diverse and inclusive environment. As a large financial institution and additionally to the extent we remain subject to consent orders we may be subject to limitations on compensation by our regulators that may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain these qualified employees, especially if some of our competitors may not be subject to these same compensation limitations. Similarly, union organizing activity, some of which has been successful, could continue to increase our operational complexity and costs. In addition, our response to this activity could be perceived negatively and harm our reputation and business, subject us to legal actions, or adversely affect our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain qualified employees, including successors for senior leadership positions, our business performance, competitive position and future prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 FINANCIAL REPORTING RISKS 
 
 Changes in accounting standards, and changes in how accounting standards are interpreted or applied, could materially affect our financial results and condition. From time to time the FASB and the SEC update the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our external financial statements. In addition, accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting standards (such as the FASB, SEC, and banking regulators) may update their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. Changes in financial accounting and reporting standards and changes in current interpretations are typically beyond our control, can be hard to predict, and could materially affect our financial results and condition, including requiring a retrospective restatement of prior period financial statements. Similarly, any change in our accounting policies could also materially affect our financial statements. For additional information, see the Current Accounting Developments section in this Report. 

80 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Our financial statements require certain assumptions, judgments, and estimates and rely on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Pursuant to U.S. GAAP, we are required to use certain assumptions, judgments, and estimates in preparing our financial statements, including, among other items, in determining the allowance for credit losses, the liability for legal actions, goodwill impairment, and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities. Several of our accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective, and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. If the assumptions, judgments, or estimates underlying our financial results are incorrect or different from actual results, we could experience unexpected losses or other adverse impacts, some of which could be significant. For a description of our critical accounting policies, see the Critical Accounting Policies section in this Report. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley) requires our management to evaluate the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and its internal control over financial reporting and requires our auditors to issue a report on our internal control over financial reporting. We are required to disclose, in our annual report on Form 10-K, the existence of any material weaknesses in our internal controls. We cannot assure that we will not identify one or more material weaknesses as of the end of any given quarter or year, nor can we predict the effect on our reputation or stock price of disclosure of a material weakness. We could also be required to devote significant resources to remediate any material weakness. In addition, our customers may rely on the effectiveness of certain of our operational and internal controls as a service provider, and any deficiency in those controls could affect our customers and damage our reputation or business. Sarbanes-Oxley also limits the types of non-audit services our outside auditors may provide to us in order to preserve their independence from us. If our auditors were found not to be independent of us, we could be required to engage new auditors and re-file financial statements and audit reports with the SEC. We could be out of compliance with SEC rules until new financial statements and audit reports were filed, limiting our ability to raise capital and resulting in other adverse consequences. 

Any factor described in this Report or in any of our other SEC filings could by itself, or together with other factors, adversely affect our financial results and condition. Refer to our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC in 2024 for material changes to the above discussion of risk factors. There are factors not discussed above or elsewhere in this Report that could adversely affect our financial results and condition. 

Wells Fargo Company 81 

Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company s management evaluated the effectiveness, as of December 31, 2023, of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. The Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer participated in the evaluation. Based on this evaluation, the Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2023. 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s Board, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets of the Company; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. No change occurred during fourth quarter 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Management s report on internal control over financial reporting is set forth below and should be read with these limitations 
 in mind. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on this assessment, management concluded that as of December 31, 2023, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company s financial statements included in this Annual Report, issued an audit report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. KPMG s audit report appears on the following page. 
 
 82 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Wells Fargo Company: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Wells Fargo Company and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statement of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 20, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Charlotte, North Carolina 
 February 20, 2024 
 Wells Fargo Company 83 

Financial Statements 

 Wells Fargo Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statement of Income 
 Year ended December 31, (in millions, except per share amounts) 2023 2022 2021 Interest income Debt securities Loans held for sale Loans Equity securities Other interest income Total interest income Interest expense Deposits Short-term borrowings ) Long-term debt Other interest expense Total interest expense Net interest income Noninterest income Deposit and lending-related fees Investment advisory and other asset-based fees Commissions and brokerage services fees Investment banking fees Card fees Mortgage banking Net gains from trading and securities 
 Other (1) Total noninterest income Total revenue Provision for credit losses ) Noninterest expense Personnel Technology, telecommunications and equipment Occupancy Operating losses Professional and outside services Advertising and promotion Other (1) Total noninterest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense (1) Net income before noncontrolling interests Less: Net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Wells Fargo net income (1) Less: Preferred stock dividends and other Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock Per share information Earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Average common shares outstanding Diluted average common shares outstanding 
 (1) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 84 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Wells Fargo Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2023 2022 2021 Net income before noncontrolling interests (1) Other comprehensive income (loss), after tax: Net change in debt securities ) ) Net change in derivatives and hedging activities ) Defined benefit plans adjustments Other (1) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), after tax 
 ) ) Total comprehensive income before noncontrolling interests 
 Less: Other comprehensive income from noncontrolling interests Less: Net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Wells Fargo comprehensive income 
 
 (1) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 Wells Fargo Company 85 

Wells Fargo Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 (in millions, except shares) 
 Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits with banks Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 
 Debt securities: Trading, at fair value (includes assets pledged as collateral of and 
 Available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost of and , and includes assets pledged as collateral of and 
 Held-to-maturity, at amortized cost (fair value and 
 Loans held for sale (includes and carried at fair value) 
 Loans Allowance for loan losses ) ) Net loans Mortgage servicing rights (includes and carried at fair value) 
 Premises and equipment, net Goodwill Derivative assets Equity securities (includes and carried at fair value; and assets pledged as collateral of and 
 Other assets (1) Total assets (2) Liabilities Noninterest-bearing deposits 
 Interest-bearing deposits (includes and carried at fair value) 
 Total deposits Short-term borrowings (includes and carried at fair value) 
 Derivative liabilities (1) Accrued expenses and other liabilities (includes and carried at fair value) (1) 
 Long-term debt (includes and carried at fair value) 
 Total liabilities (3) Equity Wells Fargo stockholders equity: Preferred stock aggregate liquidation preference of and 
 Common stock 1-2/3 par value, authorized shares; issued shares 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (1) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (1) ) ) Treasury stock, at cost shares and shares 
 ) ) Unearned ESOP shares ) Total Wells Fargo stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 (1) 
 (2) and million; Loans, billion and billion; All other assets, million and million; and Total assets, billion and billion, respectively. 
 (3) million and million, respectively, of VIE liabilities for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to Wells Fargo . 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 86 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Wells Fargo Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity Wells Fargo stockholders equity 
 Preferred stock Common stock and shares in millions) Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Treasury stock Unearned ESOP shares Noncontrolling interests Total equity Balance December 31, 2020 
 ) ) Cumulative effect from change in accounting policy (1) 
 ) ) Balance January 1, 2021 ) ) Net income (1) 
 Other comprehensive loss, 
 net of tax (1) 
 ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) ) Common stock issued ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Preferred stock issued ) Preferred stock redeemed (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Preferred stock issued to ESOP Preferred stock released by ESOP ) Preferred stock converted to 
 common shares 
 ) ) ) Common stock dividends ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) Stock-based compensation Net change in deferred compensation and related plans ) ) Net change ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) Net income (loss) (1) 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), 
 net of tax (1) 
 ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) ) Common stock issued ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Preferred stock issued Preferred stock redeemed (3) 
 ) ) ) Common stock issued to ESOP (3) 
 ) ) Common stock released by ESOP 
 ) Preferred stock converted to 
 common shares 
 Common stock dividends ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) Stock-based compensation Net change in deferred compensation and related plans ) ) Net change ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 Wells Fargo Company 87 

Wells Fargo Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity Wells Fargo stockholders equity 
 Preferred stock Common stock and shares in millions) Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Treasury stock Unearned ESOP shares Noncontrolling interests Total equity Balance December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) Cumulative effect from change in accounting policy (1) 
 Balance January 1, 2023 ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income, 
 net of tax 
 Noncontrolling interests ) ) Common stock issued ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Preferred stock issued ) Preferred stock redeemed (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Common stock issued to ESOP 
 Common stock released by ESOP (3) 
 Preferred stock converted to 
 common shares 
 Common stock dividends ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) Stock-based compensation Net change in deferred compensation and related plans ) ) ) Net change ) ) ) Balance December 31, 2023 
 ) ) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 88 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Wells Fargo Company and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income before noncontrolling interests (1) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses ) Changes in fair value of MSRs and LHFS carried at fair value ) ) Depreciation, amortization and accretion Deferred income tax expense (benefit) (1) 
 ) ) Other, net ) ) Originations and purchases of loans held for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of and paydowns on loans originally classified as held for sale Net change in: Debt and equity securities, held for trading Derivative assets and liabilities (1) ) Other assets (1) 
 ) ) Other accrued expenses and liabilities (1) ) Net cash provided (used) by operating activities 
 ) Cash flows from investing activities: Net change in: Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 
 ) ) ) Available-for-sale debt securities: Proceeds from sales Paydowns and maturities Purchases ) ) ) Held-to-maturity debt securities: Paydowns and maturities Purchases ) ) ) Equity securities, not held for trading: Proceeds from sales and capital returns Purchases ) ) ) Loans: Loans originated by banking subsidiaries, net of principal collected ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans originally classified as held for investment Purchases of loans ) ) ) Principal collected on nonbank entities loans Loans originated by nonbank entities ) ) ) Other, net Net cash provided (used) by investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net change in: Deposits ) ) Short-term borrowings ) Long-term debt: Proceeds from issuance Repayment ) ) ) Preferred stock: Proceeds from issuance Redeemed ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Common stock: Repurchased ) ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities 
 ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period (2) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period (2) Supplemental cash flow disclosures: Cash paid for interest Net cash paid (refunded) for income taxes ) 
 (1) 
 (2) . 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. See Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) for noncash activities. 
 Wells Fargo Company 89 

Notes to Financial Statements 

 -See the Glossary of Acronyms at the end of this Report for terms used throughout the Financial Statements and related Notes. 

million, pre-tax, and an increase to our retained earnings of million, after tax. We continue to use a DCF approach for certain non-accruing, non-collateral dependent commercial loans. 

90 
 Wells Fargo Company 

billion and amortized cost of billion from HTM to AFS and designated interest rate swaps with notional amounts of billion as fair value hedges using the portfolio layer method. The transfer of debt securities was recorded at fair value and resulted in approximately million of unrealized losses associated with AFS debt securities being recorded to other comprehensive income, net of deferred taxes. 

million and million, respectively, as of January 1, 2021. 
 The ASU also requires more frequent updates for insurance assumptions, mandates the use of a standardized discount rate for traditional long-duration contracts, and simplifies the amortization of deferred acquisition costs. The accounting changes for the liability of future policyholder benefits for traditional long-duration contracts (included in accrued expenses and other liabilities) and deferred acquisition costs (included in other assets) did not have a material impact upon adoption. 

Noninterest expense ) ) Income tax expense Net income Diluted earnings per common share At December 31, 2022 As reported Effect of adoption As revised Selected Balance Sheet Data Other assets Derivative liabilities ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 

Wells Fargo Company 91 

Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 Derivative liabilities ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities Retained earnings ) Accumulated other comprehensive income 

92 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Wells Fargo Company 93 

Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

94 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Our approach for estimating expected life-time credit losses for loans and debt securities includes the following key components: 
 An initial loss forecast period of two years for all portfolio segments and classes of financing receivables and off-balance-sheet credit exposures. This period reflects management s expectation of losses based on forward-looking economic scenarios over that time. We forecast multiple economic scenarios that generally include a base scenario with an optimistic (upside) and one or more pessimistic (downside) scenarios, which are weighted by management to estimate future credit losses. 

Long-term average loss expectations estimated by reverting to the long-term average, on a linear basis, for each of the economic variables forecasted during the initial loss forecast period. These long-term averages are based on observations over multiple economic cycles. The reversion period, which may be up to two years, is assessed on a quarterly basis. 
 The remaining contractual term of a loan is adjusted for expected prepayments and certain expected extensions, renewals, or modifications. We extend the contractual term when we are not able to unconditionally cancel contractual renewals or extension options. Credit card loans have indeterminate maturities, which requires that we determine 

Wells Fargo Company 95 

Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 96 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Wells Fargo Company 97 

Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

billion in 2023, billion in 2022, and billion in 2021. Estimated useful lives range up to 40 years for buildings and improvements, up to 10 years for furniture and equipment, and the shorter of the estimated useful life (up to 8 years) or the lease term for leasehold improvements. 

98 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Wells Fargo Company 99 

Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

100 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Wells Fargo Company 101 

Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Transfers from loans to loans held for sale 
 Transfers from available-for-sale debt securities to held-to-maturity debt securities Transfers from held-to-maturity debt securities to available-for-sale debt securities (1) 

102 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Equity securities Loans held for sale Gross trading derivative assets Netting (1) ) ) Total trading derivative assets Total trading assets Trading liabilities: Short sale and other liabilities Interest-bearing deposits Long-term debt Gross trading derivative liabilities Netting (1) ) ) Total trading derivative liabilities Total trading liabilities 
 (1) Represents balance sheet netting for trading derivative asset and liability balances, and trading portfolio level counterparty valuation adjustments. 
 Interest expense 
 Total net interest income 
 Net gains (losses) from trading activities, by risk type: 
 Interest rate ) Commodity Equity Foreign exchange Credit 
 ) ) Total net gains from trading activities Total trading-related net interest and noninterest income 
 (1) Substantially all relates to interest income on debt and equity securities. 
 Wells Fargo Company 103 

) ) Non-U.S. government securities Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions (2) ) ) Federal agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) Non-agency mortgage-backed securities (3) ) ) Collateralized loan obligations ) ) Other debt securities ) Total available-for-sale debt securities, excluding portfolio level basis adjustments ) ) Portfolio level basis adjustments (4) ) Total available-for-sale debt securities ) ) Held-to-maturity debt securities: Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies ) ) Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions ) ) Federal agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) Non-agency mortgage-backed securities (3) ) ) Collateralized loan obligations ) Other debt securities ) ) Total held-to-maturity debt securities ) ) Total ) ) December 31, 2022 Available-for-sale debt securities: Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies ) ) Non-U.S. government securities Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions (2) ) ) Federal agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) Non-agency mortgage-backed securities (3) ) ) Collateralized loan obligations ) ) Other debt securities ) Total available-for-sale debt securities ) ) Held-to-maturity debt securities: Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies ) ) Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions ) ) Federal agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) Non-agency mortgage-backed securities (3) ) ) Collateralized loan obligations ) ) Other debt securities ) ) Total held-to-maturity debt securities ) ) Total ) ) 
 (1) Represents amortized cost of the securities, net of the ACL of million and million related to AFS debt securities and million and million related to HTM debt securities at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) Includes investments in tax-exempt preferred debt securities issued by investment funds or trusts that predominantly invest in tax-exempt municipal securities. The amortized cost, net of the ACL, and fair value of these types of securities, was billion at December 31, 2023, and billion at December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Predominantly consists of commercial mortgage-backed securities at both December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 (4) Represents fair value hedge basis adjustments related to active portfolio layer method hedges of AFS debt securities, which are not allocated to individual securities in the portfolio. For additional information, see Note 14 (Derivatives). 

104 
 Wells Fargo Company 

billion to AFS debt securities in first quarter 2023 in 

connection with the adoption of ASU 2022-01. For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 

Table 3.2: Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities Purchases and Transfers 
 Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2023 2022 2021 Purchases of held-to-maturity debt securities (1): Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
 Federal agency mortgage-backed securities Non-agency mortgage-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Total purchases of held-to-maturity debt securities 
 Transfers from available-for-sale debt securities to held-to-maturity debt securities (2): Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
 Federal agency mortgage-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Other debt securities Total transfers from available-for-sale debt securities to held-to-maturity debt securities 
 (1) Inclusive of securities purchased but not yet settled and noncash purchases from securitization of loans held for sale (LHFS). 
 million, billion, and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, at the time of the transfers. 
 Held-to-maturity 
 Total interest income Provision for credit losses: Available-for-sale 
 ) ) Held-to-maturity 
 ) Total provision for credit losses ) ) Realized gains and losses (2): Gross realized gains Gross realized losses ) ) ) Impairment write-downs ) Net realized gains 
 (1) Excludes interest income from trading debt securities, which is disclosed in Note 2 (Trading Activities). 
 (2) Realized gains and losses relate to AFS debt securities. There were realized gains or losses from HTM debt securities in all periods presented. 
 Credit Quality 
 We monitor credit quality of debt securities by evaluating various attributes and utilize such information in our evaluation of the appropriateness of the ACL for debt securities. The credit quality indicators that we most closely monitor include credit ratings and delinquency status and are based on information as of our financial statement date. 
 CREDIT RATINGS Credit ratings express opinions about the credit quality of a debt security. We determine the credit rating of a security according to the lowest credit rating made available by national recognized statistical rating organizations (NRSROs). Debt securities rated investment grade, that is those with ratings similar to BBB-/Baa3 or above, as defined by NRSROs, are 

generally considered by the rating agencies and market participants to be low credit risk. Conversely, debt securities rated below investment grade, labeled as speculative grade by the rating agencies, are considered to be distinctively higher credit risk than investment grade debt securities. For debt securities not rated by NRSROs, we determine an internal credit grade of the debt securities (used for credit risk management purposes) equivalent to the credit ratings assigned by major credit agencies. Substantially all of our debt securities were rated by NRSROs at December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Wells Fargo Company 105 

Note 3: Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities (continued) 

 Breakdown by category: Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies (2) Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions Collateralized loan obligations (3) All other debt securities (4) December 31, 2022 Total portfolio (1) Breakdown by category: Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies (2) Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions Collateralized loan obligations (3) All other debt securities (4) 
 (1) were rated AA- and above at both December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 (2) Includes federal agency mortgage-backed securities. 
 (3) were rated AA- and above at both December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 (4) Includes non-U.S. government, non-agency mortgage-backed, and all other debt securities. 
 DELINQUENCY STATUS AND NONACCRUAL DEBT SECURITIES Debt security issuers that are delinquent in payment of amounts due under contractual debt agreements have a higher probability of recognition of credit losses. As such, as part of our monitoring of the credit quality of the debt security portfolio, we consider whether debt securities we own are past due in payment of principal or interest payments and whether any securities have been placed into nonaccrual status. 
 Debt securities that are past due and still accruing or in nonaccrual status were insignificant at both December 31, 2023 and 2022. Net charge-offs on debt securities were insignificant for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Purchased debt securities with credit deterioration (PCD) are not considered to be in nonaccrual status, as payments from issuers of these securities remain current. PCD securities were insignificant for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

106 
 Wells Fargo Company 

) ) Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
 ) ) ) Federal agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Non-agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Collateralized loan obligations 
 ) ) Other debt securities ) ) Total available-for-sale debt securities ) ) ) December 31, 2022 Available-for-sale debt securities: Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
 ) ) ) Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
 ) ) ) Federal agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Non-agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Collateralized loan obligations 
 ) ) ) Other debt securities ) ) ) Total available-for-sale debt securities ) ) ) 
 (1) In connection with the adoption of ASU 2022-01, gross unrealized losses exclude portfolio level basis adjustments. For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 We have assessed each debt security with gross unrealized losses included in the previous table for credit impairment. As part of that assessment we evaluated and concluded that we do not intend to sell any of the debt securities, and that it is more likely than not that we will not be required to sell, prior to recovery of the amortized cost basis. We evaluate, where necessary, whether credit impairment exists by comparing the present value of the expected cash flows to the debt securities amortized cost basis. Credit impairment is recorded as an ACL for debt securities. 
 For descriptions of the factors we consider when analyzing debt securities for impairment as well as methodology and significant inputs used to measure credit losses, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) in this Report. 

Wells Fargo Company 107 

Note 3: Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities (continued) 

Fair value Weighted average yield Non-U.S. government securities Amortized cost, net Fair value Weighted average yield Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions Amortized cost, net Fair value Weighted average yield Federal agency mortgage-backed securities Amortized cost, net Fair value Weighted average yield Non-agency mortgage-backed securities Amortized cost, net Fair value Weighted average yield Collateralized loan obligations Amortized cost, net Fair value Weighted average yield Other debt securities Amortized cost, net Fair value Weighted average yield Total available-for-sale debt securities Amortized cost, net Fair value Weighted average yield 
 (1) Weighted average yields displayed by maturity bucket are weighted based on amortized cost without effect for any related hedging derivatives and are shown pre-tax. 
 (2) Amortized cost, net excludes portfolio level basis adjustments of ) million. 
 108 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Fair value Weighted average yield 
 Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions Amortized cost, net Fair value Weighted average yield 
 Federal agency mortgage-backed securities Amortized cost, net Fair value Weighted average yield 
 Non-agency mortgage-backed securities Amortized cost, net Fair value Weighted average yield 
 Collateralized loan obligations Amortized cost, net Fair value Weighted average yield 
 Other debt securities Amortized cost, net Fair value Weighted average yield Total held-to-maturity debt securities Amortized cost, net Fair value Weighted average yield 
 
 (1) Weighted average yields displayed by maturity bucket are weighted based on amortized cost, excluding unamortized basis adjustments related to the transfer of certain debt securities from AFS to HTM, and are shown pre-tax. 
 Wells Fargo Company 109 

Nonmarketable equity securities (1) Total equity securities held for trading (2) Not held for trading: Fair value: Marketable equity securities Nonmarketable equity securities Total equity securities not held for trading at fair value Equity method: Private equity Tax-advantaged renewable energy (3) New market tax credit and other Total equity method Other methods: Low-income housing tax credit (LIHTC) investments (3) Private equity (4) Federal Reserve Bank stock and other at cost (5) Total equity securities not held for trading Total equity securities 
 (1) Represents securities economically hedged with equity derivatives. 
 (2) Represents securities held as part of our customer accommodation trading activities. For additional information on these activities, see Note 2 (Trading Activities). 
 (3) See Note 16 (Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities) for information about tax credit investments. 
 (4) Represents nonmarketable equity securities accounted for under the measurement alternative, which were predominantly securities associated with our venture capital investments. 
 (5) Includes billion of investments in Federal Reserve Bank stock at both December 31, 2023 and 2022 and billion and billion of investments in Federal Home Loan Bank stock at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Net Gains and Losses Not Held for Trading 
 ) ) Nonmarketable equity securities ) ) ) Total equity securities carried at fair value ) ) Net gains (losses) from nonmarketable equity securities not carried at fair value (1): Impairment write-downs ) ) ) Net unrealized gains (2)(3) 
 Net realized gains from sale (3) 
 Total nonmarketable equity securities not carried at fair value ) ) Net gains from economic hedge derivatives 
 Total net gains (losses) from equity securities not held for trading 
 ) ) 
 (1) Includes amounts related to venture capital and private equity investments in consolidated portfolio companies, which are not reported in equity securities on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 (2) Includes unrealized gains (losses) due to observable price changes from equity securities accounted for under the measurement alternative. 
 (3) During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized million of gains (including million of unrealized gains) related to the partial sale of a nonmarketable equity investment to an unrelated third-party that resulted in the deconsolidation of a consolidated portfolio company. Our retained investment in nonmarketable equity securities of the formerly consolidated portfolio company was remeasured to fair value. 

110 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Gross unrealized losses from observable price changes ) ) Impairment write-downs 
 ) ) ) Net realized gains from sale Total net gains (losses) recognized during the period 
 ) ) 
 Gross unrealized losses from observable price changes ) ) ) Impairment write-downs ) ) ) 
 Wells Fargo Company 111 

of our total loans outstanding at both December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Outstanding balances exclude accrued interest receivable on loans, except for certain revolving loans, such as credit card loans. 

See Note 7 (Intangible Assets and Other Assets) for additional information on accrued interest receivable. Amounts considered to be uncollectible are reversed through interest income. During 2023, we reversed accrued interest receivable of million for our commercial portfolio segment and million for our consumer portfolio segment, compared with million and million, respectively, for 2022. 

Table 5.1: Loans Outstanding 
 (in millions) Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Lease financing Total commercial Residential mortgage Credit card Auto Other consumer (1) Total consumer Total loans 
 (1) Includes billion and billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, of securities-based loans originated by the Wealth and Investment Management (WIM) operating segment. 
 Our non-U.S. loans are reported by respective class of financing receivable in the table above. Substantially all of our non-U.S. loan portfolio is commercial loans. Table 5.2 presents 

total non-U.S. commercial loans outstanding by class of financing receivable. 

Table 5.2: Non-U.S. Commercial Loans Outstanding 
 (in millions) Dec 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Lease financing Total non-U.S. commercial loans 
 Loan Concentrations 
 Loan concentrations may exist when there are amounts loaned to borrowers engaged in similar activities or similar types of loans extended to a diverse group of borrowers that would cause them to be similarly impacted by economic or other conditions. Commercial and industrial loans and lease financing to borrowers in the financials except banks industry represented and of total loans at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, we did have concentrations representing or more of our total loan portfolio in the commercial real estate (CRE) portfolios (real estate mortgage and real estate construction) by state or property type. Residential mortgage loans to borrowers in the state of California represented of total loans at both December 31, 2023 and 2022. These California loans are generally diversified among the larger metropolitan areas in California, with no single area consisting of more than of total loans at both December 31, 2023 and 2022. We continuously monitor changes in real estate values and underlying economic or market conditions for the geographic areas of our residential mortgage portfolio as part of our credit risk management process. 

Some of our residential mortgage loans include an interest-only feature as part of the loan terms. These interest-only loans 
 were approximately of total loans at both December 31, 2023 and 2022. Substantially all of these interest-only loans at origination were considered to be prime or near prime. We do not offer option adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) products, nor do we offer variable-rate mortgage products with fixed payment amounts, commonly referred to within the financial services industry as negative amortizing mortgage loans. 

112 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Sales and net transfers (to)/from LHFS ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 billion and billion, respectively, of outstanding issued commercial letters of credit. See Note 17 (Guarantees and Other Commitments) for additional information on issued standby letters of credit. 

Commercial real estate Total commercial Residential mortgage (2) Credit card Other consumer (3) Total consumer Total unfunded credit commitments 
 (1) Effective first quarter 2023, unfunded credit commitments exclude discretionary amounts where our approval or consent is required prior to any loan funding or commitment increase. Prior period balances have been revised to conform with the current period presentation. 
 (2) Includes lines of credit totaling billion and billion as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Wells Fargo Company 113 

Note 5: Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses (continued) 

 billion from December 31, 2022, reflecting increases for 

Cumulative effect from change in accounting policy (1) ) Balance, beginning of period, adjusted Provision for credit losses Interest income on certain loans (2) ) Loan charge-offs: Commercial and industrial ) ) Commercial real estate ) ) Lease financing ) ) Total commercial ) ) Residential mortgage ) ) Credit card ) ) Auto ) ) Other consumer ) ) Total consumer ) ) Total loan charge-offs ) ) Loan recoveries: Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Lease financing Total commercial Residential mortgage Credit card Auto Other consumer Total consumer Total loan recoveries Net loan charge-offs ) ) Other ) ) Balance, end of period Components: Allowance for loan losses Allowance for unfunded credit commitments Allowance for credit losses Net loan charge-offs as a percentage of average total loans 
 Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans Allowance for credit losses for loans as a percentage of total loans 
 (1) Represents the change in our allowance for credit losses for loans as a result of our adoption of ASU 2022 02. For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 (2) Prior to the adoption of ASU 2022 02, loans with an allowance measured by discounting expected cash flows using the loan s effective interest rate over the remaining life of the loan recognized changes in allowance attributable to the passage of time as interest income. 

114 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Cumulative effect from change in accounting policy (1) 
 ) ) Balance, beginning of period, adjusted Provision for credit losses ) Interest income on certain loans (2) 
 ) ) ) Loan charge-offs 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Loan recoveries 
 Net loan charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Other 
 ) ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 (1) Represents the change in our allowance for credit losses for loans as a result of our adoption of ASU 2022 02. For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 (2) Prior to the adoption of ASU 2022 02, loans with an allowance measured by discounting expected cash flows using the loan s effective interest rate over the remaining life of the loan recognized changes in allowance attributable to the passage of time as interest income. 
 
 billion and billion of pass and criticized commercial loans, respectively. Gross charge-offs by loan class are included in the following table for the year ended December 31, 2023, which we monitor as part of our credit risk management practices; however, charge-offs are not a primary credit quality indicator for our loan portfolio. 

Wells Fargo Company 115 

Note 5: Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses (continued) 

 Criticized 
 Total commercial and industrial Gross charge-offs (1) Commercial real estate Pass 
 Criticized Total commercial real estate Gross charge-offs Lease financing Pass 
 Criticized 
 Total lease financing 
 Gross charge-offs Total commercial loans 
 Term loans by origination year Revolving loans Revolving loans converted to term loans Total 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior December 31, 2022 Commercial and industrial Pass Criticized Total commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Pass Criticized Total commercial real estate Lease financing Pass Criticized Total lease financing Total commercial loans 

116 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Commercial real estate Lease financing Total commercial loans 
 December 31, 2022 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Lease financing Total commercial loans 

CONSUMER CREDIT QUALITY INDICATORS We have various classes of consumer loans that present unique credit risks. Loan delinquency, Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) credit scores and loan-to-value (LTV) for residential mortgage loans are the primary credit quality indicators that we monitor and utilize in our evaluation of the appropriateness of the ACL for the consumer loan portfolio segment. 
 Many of our loss estimation techniques used for the ACL for loans rely on delinquency-based models; therefore, delinquency is an important indicator of credit quality in the establishment of our ACL for consumer loans. 
 We obtain FICO scores at loan origination and the scores are generally updated at least quarterly, except in limited circumstances, including compliance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). FICO scores are not available for certain loan types or may not be required if we deem it unnecessary due to strong collateral and other borrower attributes. 
 LTV is the ratio of the outstanding loan balance divided by the property collateral value. For junior lien mortgages, we use the total combined loan balance of first and junior lien mortgages (including unused line of credit amounts). We obtain LTVs using a cascade approach which first uses values provided by automated valuation models (AVMs) for the property. If an AVM is not available, then the value is estimated using the original appraised value adjusted by the change in Home Price Index (HPI) for the property location. If an HPI is not available, the original appraised value is used. The HPI value is normally the only method considered for high value properties, generally with an original value of million or more as of December 31, 2023, and million or more as of December 31, 2022, as the AVM values have proven less accurate for these properties. Generally, we update LTVs on a quarterly basis. Certain loans do not have an LTV due to a lack of industry data availability and portfolios acquired from or serviced by other institutions. 

Gross charge-offs by loan class are included in the following table for the year ended December 31, 2023, which we monitor as part of our credit risk management practices; however, charge-offs are not a primary credit quality indicator for our loan portfolio. 
 Credit quality information is provided with the year of origination for term loans. Revolving loans may convert to term loans as a result of a contractual provision in the original loan agreement or if modified for a borrower experiencing financial difficulty. 

Wells Fargo Company 117 

Note 5: Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses (continued) 

 30-89 DPD 90+ DPD Government insured/guaranteed loans (1) Total residential mortgage By updated FICO: 
 740+ 700-739 660-699 620-659 100 (2) No LTV available Government insured/guaranteed loans (1) Total residential mortgage Gross charge-offs Term loans by origination year Revolving loans Revolving loans converted to term loans Total (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior December 31, 2022 By delinquency status: Current-29 DPD 30-89 DPD 90+ DPD Government insured/guaranteed loans (1) Total residential mortgage By updated FICO: 
 740+ 700-739 660-699 620-659 100 (2) No LTV available Government insured/guaranteed loans (1) Total residential mortgage 
 (1) Government insured or guaranteed loans represent loans whose repayments are predominantly insured by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). Loans insured/guaranteed by the FHA/VA and 90+ DPD totaled billion and billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) Reflects total loan balances with LTV amounts in excess of 100 . In the event of default, the loss content would generally be limited to only the amount in excess of 100 LTV. 

118 
 Wells Fargo Company 

billion for revolving loans and million for revolving loans converted to term loans. 

Table 5.10: Credit Quality Indicators for Credit Card Loans 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 
 Revolving loans Revolving loans converted to term loans Revolving loans Revolving loans converted to term loans (in millions) Total Total By delinquency status: Current-29 DPD 30-89 DPD 90+ DPD Total credit cards By updated FICO: 
 740+ 700-739 660-699 620-659 

Wells Fargo Company 119 

Note 5: Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses (continued) 

 30-89 DPD 90+ DPD Total auto By updated FICO: 
 740+ 700-739 660-699 620-659 

120 
 Wells Fargo Company 

30-89 DPD 90+ DPD Total other consumer By updated FICO: 
 740+ 700-739 660-699 620-659 
 Wells Fargo Company 121 

Note 5: Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses (continued) 

Commercial real estate Lease financing Total commercial Residential mortgage Auto Other consumer Total consumer Total nonaccrual loans 
 (1) Nonaccrual loans may not have an allowance for credit losses if the loss expectations are zero given the related collateral value. 
 million and billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which included million and million, respectively, of loans that are government insured/guaranteed. Under the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau guidelines, we do not commence the foreclosure process on residential mortgage loans until after the loan is 120 days delinquent. Foreclosure procedures and timelines vary depending on whether the property address resides in a judicial or non-judicial state. Judicial states require the foreclosure to be processed through the state s courts while non-judicial states are processed without court intervention. Foreclosure timelines vary according to state law. 

Less: FHA insured/VA guaranteed (1) Total, not government insured/guaranteed By segment and class, not government insured/guaranteed: 
 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Total commercial Residential mortgage Credit card Auto Other consumer Total consumer Total, not government insured/guaranteed 
 . 

122 
 Wells Fargo Company 

million at December 31, 2023. 

Credit card loan modifications result in a reduction in the credit card interest rate and may be offered on a short-term or long-term basis. A short-term interest rate reduction program reduces the borrower s interest rate for 12 months. A long-term interest rate reduction program provides a reduction of the interest rate over a fixed five-year term. During the modification period, the borrower s revolving charge privileges are revoked. 
 Auto loan modifications generally include insignificant (e.g., three months or less) payment deferrals over the loan term. 
 The following disclosures provide information on loan modifications granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty in the form of principal forgiveness, interest rate reductions, other-than-insignificant (e.g., greater than three months) payment delays, term extensions or a combination of these modifications, as well as the financial effects of these modifications, and loan performance in the twelve months following the modification. Loans that both modify and are paid off or charged-off during the period, resulting in an amortized cost balance of zero at the end of the period, are not included in the disclosures below. Additionally, where amortized cost balances are presented below, accrued interest receivable is excluded. See Note 7 (Intangible Assets and Other Assets) for additional information on accrued interest receivable. Borrowers experiencing financial difficulty with modified terms mandated by a bankruptcy court are considered contractually modified loans and are included in these disclosures. These disclosures do not include loans discharged by a bankruptcy court as the only concession, which were insignificant for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Commercial real estate Total commercial 
 (1) There were principal forgiveness modifications for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Commercial real estate 

Wells Fargo Company 123 

Note 5: Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses (continued) 

Commercial real estate Total commercial 
 Credit card Auto Other consumer Total consumer 
 (1) Includes residential mortgage loan modifications that defer a set amount of principal to the end of the loan term. 
 (2) Includes principal forgiveness and other combinations of modifications. 
 Credit card N/A N/A Auto N/A Other consumer 
 (1) Principal forgiven was insignificant for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Excludes the financial effects of residential mortgage loans with a set amount of principal deferred to the end of the loan term. The weighted average period of principal deferred was years for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

124 
 Wells Fargo Company 

million, and primarily related to payment delay modifications in the residential mortgage loan portfolio. Defaults that occur on consumer modifications are reported based on a payment default definition of 60 days past due. 

Credit card (2) Auto Other consumer Total 
 (1) Includes loans that were past due prior to entering a payment delay modification. Delinquency advancement is paused during the deferral period and resumes upon exit. 
 (2) Credit card loans that are past due at the time of the modification do not become current until they have three months of consecutive payment performance. 
 million, substantially all of which were in the commercial and industrial portfolio. Commitments to lend additional funds on consumer loans modified during the year ended December 31, 2023, were insignificant. 

billion at December 31, 2022.We do not consider loan resolutions such as foreclosure or short sale to be a TDR. 

million at December 31, 2022. 

Wells Fargo Company 125 

Note 5: Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses (continued) 

 Commercial real estate Lease financing Total commercial Residential mortgage Credit card Auto Other consumer Trial modifications (5) Total consumer Total Year ended December 31, 2021 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Lease financing Total commercial Residential mortgage Credit card Auto Other consumer Trial modifications (5) ) ) Total consumer Total 
 (1) Amounts represent the recorded investment in loans after recognizing the effects of the TDR, if any. TDRs may have multiple types of concessions, but are presented only once in the first modification type based on the order presented in the table above. The reported amounts include loans remodified of million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Other concessions include loans with payment (principal and/or interest) deferral, loans discharged in bankruptcy, loan renewals, term extensions and other interest and noninterest adjustments, but exclude modifications that also forgive principal and/or reduce the contractual interest rate. 
 (3) Charge-offs include write-downs of the investment in the loan in the period it is contractually modified. The amount of charge-off will differ from the modification terms if the loan has been charged down prior to the modification based on our policies. In addition, there may be cases where we have a charge-off/down with no legal principal modification. 
 (4) Recorded investment related to interest rate reduction reflects the effect of reduced interest rates on loans with an interest rate concession as one of their concession types, which includes loans reported as a principal primary modification type that also have an interest rate concession. 
 (5) Trial modifications are granted a delay in payments due under the original terms during the trial payment period. However, these loans continue to advance through delinquency status and accrue interest according to their original terms. Any subsequent permanent modification generally includes interest rate related concessions; however, the exact concession type and resulting financial effect are usually not known until the loan is permanently modified. Trial modifications for the period are presented net of previously reported trial modifications that became permanent in the current period. 
 Commercial real estate Lease financing Total commercial Residential mortgage Credit card Auto Other consumer Total consumer Total 

126 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Originations/purchases Sales and other (1) ) ) ) Net additions ) Changes in fair value: Due to valuation inputs or assumptions: Market interest rates (2) Servicing and foreclosure costs ) ) ) Discount rates ) ) Prepayment estimates and other (3) ) ) Net changes in valuation inputs or assumptions Changes due to collection/realization of expected cash flows (4) ) ) ) Total changes in fair value ) ) Residential MSRs at fair value, end of period 
 Commercial MSRs at amortized cost, end of period (5) 
 Total MSRs 
 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2022, residential MSRs decreased million due to the sale of interest-only strips related to excess servicing cash flows from agency residential mortgage-backed securitizations. 
 (2) Includes prepayment rate changes due to changes in market interest rates. Residential MSRs are economically hedged with derivative instruments to reduce exposure to changes in market interest rates. 
 (3) Represents other changes in valuation model inputs or assumptions, including prepayment rate estimation changes that are independent of mortgage interest rate changes. 
 (4) Represents the reduction in the residential MSR fair value for the cash flows expected to be collected during the period, net of income accreted due to the passage of time. 
 (5) The estimated fair value of commercial MSRs was billion, billion, and billion at December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Expected weighted-average life (in years) Key assumptions: Prepayment rate assumption (1) Impact on fair value from 10 adverse change Impact on fair value from 25 adverse change Discount rate assumption Impact on fair value from 100 basis point increase Impact on fair value from 200 basis point increase Cost to service assumption per loan) Impact on fair value from 10 adverse change Impact on fair value from 25 adverse change 
 (1) Includes a blend of prepayment speeds and expected defaults. Prepayment speeds are influenced by mortgage interest rates as well as our estimation of drivers of borrower behavior. 
 The sensitivities in the preceding table are hypothetical and caution should be exercised when relying on this data. Changes in value based on variations in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in the assumption to the change in value may not be linear. Also, the effect of a variation in a particular assumption on the value of the 

other interests held is calculated independently without changing any other assumptions. In reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in others, which might magnify or counteract the sensitivities. 

Wells Fargo Company 127 

Note 6: Mortgage Banking Activities (continued) 

 Owned loans serviced Total residential servicing Commercial mortgage servicing: Serviced and subserviced for others Owned loans serviced Total commercial servicing Total managed servicing portfolio Total serviced for others, excluding subserviced for others MSRs as a percentage of loans serviced for others Weighted average note rate (mortgage loans serviced for others) 
 
 At December 31, 2023 and 2022, we had servicer advances, net of an allowance for uncollectible amounts, of billion and billion, respectively. As the servicer of loans for others, we advance certain payments of principal, interest, taxes, insurance, and default-related expenses which are generally reimbursed within a short timeframe from cash flows from the trust, government-sponsored entities (GSEs), insurer or borrower. 
 The credit risk related to these advances is limited since the reimbursement is generally senior to cash payments to investors. We also advance payments of taxes and insurance for our owned loans which are collectible from the borrower. We maintain an 

allowance for uncollectible amounts for advances on loans serviced for others that may not be reimbursed if the payments were not made in accordance with applicable servicing agreements or if the insurance or servicing agreements contain limitations on reimbursements. Servicing advances on owned loans are written-off when deemed uncollectible. 

Unreimbursed servicing costs (1) ) ) ) Amortization for commercial MSRs (2) ) ) ) Changes due to collection/realization of expected cash flows (3) (A) ) ) ) Net servicing fees Changes in fair value of MSRs due to valuation inputs or assumptions (4) (B) Net derivative losses from economic hedges (5) ) ) ) Market-related valuation changes to residential MSRs, net of hedge results ) ) ) Total net servicing income Net gains on mortgage loan originations/sales (6) Total mortgage banking noninterest income Total changes in residential MSRs carried at fair value (A)+(B) ) ) 
 (1) Includes costs associated with foreclosures, unreimbursed interest advances to investors, other interest costs, and transaction costs associated with sales of residential MSRs. 
 (2) Estimated future amortization expense for commercial MSRs was million, million, million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively. 
 (3) Represents the reduction in the cash flows expected to be collected during the period, net of income accreted due to the passage of time, for residential MSRs measured using the fair value method. 
 (4) Refer to the analysis of changes in residential MSRs presented in Table 6.1 in this Note for more detail. 
 (5) See Note 14 (Derivatives) for additional information on economic hedges for residential MSRs. 
 (6) Includes net gains (losses) of million, billion, and billion at December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to derivatives used as economic hedges of mortgage loans held for sale and derivative loan commitments. 
 128 
 Wells Fargo Company 

million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Foreign currency translation ) ) December 31, 2022 Foreign currency translation December 31, 2023 
 Accounts receivable (2) Interest receivable: AFS and HTM debt securities Loans Trading and other Operating lease assets (lessor) Operating lease ROU assets (lessee) Other (3)(4) Total other assets 
 (1) Corporate/bank-owned life insurance is recorded at cash surrender value. 
 (2) Primarily includes derivatives clearinghouse receivables, trade date receivables, and servicer advances, which are recorded at amortized cost. 
 (3) Primarily includes income tax receivables, prepaid expenses, foreclosed assets, and venture capital and private equity investments in consolidated portfolio companies. 
 (4) In first quarter 2023, we adopted ASU 2018-12 Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 Wells Fargo Company 129 

million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 million due to weakening demand for certain rail cars used for transportation of coal products. There was material impairment of rail cars as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. Our rail car leasing business is in Corporate for our operating segment disclosures. For additional information on the accounting for impairment of operating lease assets, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 
 Table 8.1: Leasing Revenue 
 Year ended December 31, (in millions) 2023 2022 2021 Interest income on lease financing Other lease revenue: Variable revenue on lease financing Fixed revenue on operating leases Variable revenue on operating leases Other lease-related revenue (1) ) Noninterest income on leases Total leasing revenue 
 (1) Includes net gains (losses) on disposition of assets leased under operating leases or lease financings, and impairment charges. 
 
 Residual asset values Unearned income ) ) Lease financing 
 Our net investment in financing and sales-type leases included million and million of leveraged leases at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 As shown in Table 7.2, included in Note 7 (Intangible Assets and Other Assets), we had billion and billion in operating lease assets at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which was net of billion and billion of accumulated depreciation for 2023 and 2022, respectively. Depreciation expense for the operating lease assets was million, million, and million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease receivables 
 As a Lessee 
 Substantially all of our leases are operating leases. 
 
 Lease liabilities 
 
 Variable lease expense Other (1) ) ) ) Total lease costs 
 (1) Predominantly includes gains recognized from sale leaseback transactions and sublease rental income. 

130 
 Wells Fargo Company 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Total operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted average discount rate 
 Our operating leases predominantly expire within the next years, with the longest lease expiring in . We do not include renewal or termination options in the establishment of the lease term when we are not reasonably certain that we will exercise them. As of December 31, 2023, we had additional operating leases commitments of million, predominantly for real estate, which leases had not yet commenced. These leases are expected to commence during and have lease terms of year to years. 

Wells Fargo Company 131 

Time deposits in excess of 250,000 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 Demand deposit overdrafts of million and million were included as loan balances at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

132 
 Wells Fargo Company 

- 
 Floating-rate notes 2026-2048 
 - 
 FixFloat notes 2025-2053 
 - 
 Structured notes (1) Total senior debt Parent Subordinated Fixed-rate notes (2) 2024-2046 
 - 
 Total subordinated debt Parent Junior subordinated Fixed-rate notes 2029-2036 
 - 
 Floating-rate notes 2027 
 - 
 Total junior subordinated debt Parent (3) Total long-term debt Parent (2) Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and other bank entities (Bank) Senior Fixed-rate notes 2025-2026 
 - 
 Floating-rate notes 2025-2053 
 - 
 Floating-rate advances Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) (4) 2024-2028 
 - 
 Structured notes (1) Finance leases 2024-2029 
 - 
 Total senior debt Bank Subordinated Fixed-rate notes 2025-2038 
 - 
 Total subordinated debt Bank Junior subordinated Floating-rate notes 2027 
 - 
 Total junior subordinated debt Bank (3) Other bank debt (5) 2024-2063 
 - 
 Total long-term debt Bank 
 
 (continued on following page) 
 Wells Fargo Company 133 

Note 10: Long-Term Debt (continued) 

 Structured notes (1) Total long-term debt Other consolidated subsidiaries Total long-term debt (6) 
 (1) Includes certain structured notes that have coupon or repayment terms linked to the performance of debt or equity securities, an embedded equity, commodity, or currency index, or basket of indices, for which the maturity may be accelerated based on the value of a referenced index or security. In addition, a major portion consists of zero coupon notes where interest is paid as part of the final redemption amount. 
 (2) Includes fixed-rate subordinated notes issued by the Parent at a discount of million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and debt issuance costs of million at both December 31, 2023 and 2022, to effect a modification of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., notes. These subordinated notes are carried at their par amount on the consolidated balance sheet of the Parent presented in Note 27 (Parent-Only Financial Statements). In addition, Parent long-term debt presented in Note 27 also includes affiliate related issuance costs of million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (3) Includes million and million of junior subordinated debentures held by unconsolidated wholly-owned trust preferred security VIEs at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. See Note 16 (Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities) for additional information about trust preferred security VIEs. 
 (4) We pledge certain assets as collateral to secure advances from the FHLB. For additional information, see Note 19 (Pledged Assets and Collateral). 
 (5) Primarily relates to unfunded commitments for LIHTC investments. For additional information, see Note 16 (Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities). 
 (6) The majority of long-term debt is redeemable at our option at one or more dates prior to contractual maturity. 
 Subordinated debt Junior subordinated debt Total long-term debt Parent Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and other bank entities (Bank) Senior debt Subordinated debt Junior subordinated debt Other bank debt Total long-term debt Bank Other consolidated subsidiaries Senior debt Total long-term debt Other consolidated subsidiaries Total long-term debt 
 As part of our long-term and short-term borrowing arrangements, we are subject to various financial and operational covenants. Some of the agreements under which debt has been issued have provisions that may limit the merger or sale of certain subsidiary banks and the issuance of capital stock or convertible securities by certain subsidiary banks. At December 31, 2023, we were in compliance with all the covenants. 

134 
 Wells Fargo Company 

million shares of preferred stock, without par value. Outstanding preferred shares rank senior to common shares both as to the payment of dividends and liquidation preferences but have no general voting rights. All outstanding preferred stock with a liquidation preference value, except for Series L Preferred Stock, may be redeemed for the liquidation preference value, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends, on any dividend payment date on or after the earliest redemption date for that series. Additionally, these same series of preferred stock may be redeemed following a regulatory capital treatment event, as described in the terms of each series. 

Capital actions, including redemptions of our preferred stock, may be subject to regulatory approval or conditions. 
 In addition, we are authorized to issue million shares of preference stock, without par value. We have issued any preference shares under this authorization. If issued, preference shares would be limited to vote per share. 
 In July 2023, we issued billion of our Preferred Stock, Series EE. In September 2023, we redeemed our Preferred Stock, Series Q, for a cost of billion. 

Preferred Stock: Series L (1) 
 Non-Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Class A 
 Series Q Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A 
 Redeemed Series R Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A 
 3/15/2024 Series S Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A 
 6/15/2024 Series U Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A 
 6/15/2025 Series Y Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A 
 Currently redeemable Series Z Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A 
 3/15/2025 Series AA Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A 
 12/15/2025 Series BB Fixed-Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A 
 3/15/2026 Series CC Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A 
 3/15/2026 Series DD Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A 
 9/15/2026 Series EE Fixed-Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A 
 9/15/2028 Total 
 (1) At the option of the holder, each share of Series L Preferred Stock may be converted at any time into shares of common stock, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares, subject to anti-dilution adjustments. If converted within 30 days of certain liquidation or change of control events, the holder may receive up to additional shares, or, at our option, receive an equivalent amount of cash in lieu of common stock. We may convert some or all of the Series L Preferred Stock into shares of common stock if the closing price of our common stock exceeds 130 percent of the conversion price of the Series L Preferred Stock for 20 trading days during any period of 30 consecutive trading days. We declared dividends of million on Series L Preferred Stock in each of the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Wells Fargo Company 135 

Shares issued Shares not reserved or issued Total shares authorized 
 (1) Shares reserved for employee stock plans (employee restricted share rights, performance share awards, 401(k), and deferred compensation plans), convertible securities, dividend reinvestment and common stock purchase plans, and director plans. 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment and Common Stock 
 Purchase Plans 
 Participants in our dividend reinvestment and common stock direct purchase plans may purchase shares of our common stock at fair market value by reinvesting dividends and/or making optional cash payments under the plan s terms. 
 
 Employee Stock Plans 
 We offer stock-based employee compensation plans as described below. For additional information on our accounting for stock-based compensation plans, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 
 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLANS We have granted restricted share rights (RSRs) and performance share awards (PSAs) as our primary long-term incentive awards. 
 Holders of RSRs and PSAs may be entitled to receive additional RSRs and PSAs (dividend equivalents) or cash payments equal to the cash dividends that would have been paid had the RSRs or PSAs been issued and outstanding shares of common stock. RSRs and PSAs granted as dividend equivalents are subject to the same vesting schedule and conditions as the underlying award. 
 Performance shares (1) Total stock compensation expense Related recognized tax benefit 

The total number of shares of common stock available for grant under the plans at December 31, 2023, was million. 

Restricted Share Rights 
 Holders of RSRs are entitled to the related shares of common stock at cost generally vesting over three to after the RSRs are granted. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Canceled or forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2023 

The weighted-average grant date fair value of RSRs granted during 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 At December 31, 2023, there was billion of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested RSRs. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The total fair value of RSRs that vested during 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, billion and million, respectively. 
 Performance Share Awards 
 Holders of PSAs are entitled to the related shares of common stock at cost subject to the Company s achievement of specified performance criteria over a three -year period. PSAs 
 are granted at a target number based on the Company s performance. The number of awards that vest can be adjusted downward to and upward to a maximum of of target. The awards vest in the quarter after the end of the performance period. For PSAs whose performance period ended December 31, 2023, the determination of the number of performance shares that will vest will occur in first quarter 2024 after review of the Company s performance by the Human Resources Committee of the Board. 
 Granted Vested ) Canceled or forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2023 
 
 (1) Reflects approval date fair value for grants subject to variable accounting. 

136 
 Wells Fargo Company 

and , respectively. 
 At December 31, 2023, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested performance awards. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The total fair value of PSAs that vested during 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options have been issued in the last three years and stock options were outstanding at December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Director Awards 
 We granted common stock awards to non-employee directors elected or re-elected at the annual meeting of stockholders on April 25, 2023. These stock awards vest immediately. 
 Employee Stock Ownership Plan 
 The Wells Fargo Company 401(k) Plan (401(k) Plan) is a defined contribution plan with an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) feature. We have previously loaned money to the 401(k) Plan to purchase ESOP Preferred Stock that was 

convertible into common stock over time as the loans were repaid. The Company s annual contribution to the 401(k) Plan, as well as dividends received on unreleased shares, are used to make payments on the loans. As the loans are repaid, shares are released from the unallocated reserve of the 401(k) Plan. 
 In October 2022, we redeemed all outstanding shares of our ESOP Preferred Stock in exchange for shares of the Company s common stock. In October 2023, the 401(k) Plan fully repaid all loans to the Company, which resulted in the release of the shares from the unallocated reserve of the 401(k) Plan. Released common stock is allocated to the 401(k) Plan participants and invested in the Wells Fargo ESOP Fund within the 401(k) Plan. Dividends on the allocated common shares reduce retained earnings, and the shares are considered outstanding for computing earnings per share. 
 Unreleased shares were reflected on our consolidated balance sheet as unearned ESOP shares. Also, dividends on unreleased common stock or ESOP Preferred Stock did not reduce retained earnings, and the unreleased shares were not considered to be common stock equivalents for computing earnings per share. 
 Table 12.5 

Unreleased shares outstanding (common) Fair value of unreleased shares outstanding (common) Unreleased shares outstanding (preferred) Conversion value of unreleased ESOP preferred shares Fair value of unreleased ESOP preferred shares based on redemption 
 Year ended December 31, Dividends paid on (in millions): 2023 2022 2021 Allocated shares (common) Unreleased shares (common) (1) Unreleased shares (preferred) 
 (1) Included dividends paid in fourth quarter 2023 after shares were released and prior to allocation to participants. 
 Wells Fargo Company 137 

billion before reductions applicable to certain merchants opting out of the settlement. The class settlement also provided for the distribution to class merchants of 10 basis points of default interchange across all credit rate categories for a period of eight consecutive months. The district court granted final approval of the settlement, which was appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit by settlement objector merchants. Other merchants opted out of the settlement and are pursuing several individual actions. On June 30, 2016, the Second Circuit vacated the settlement agreement and reversed and remanded the consolidated action to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York for further proceedings. On November 30, 2016, the district court appointed lead class counsel for a damages class and an equitable relief class. The parties have entered into a settlement agreement to resolve the damages class claims pursuant to which defendants will pay a total of approximately billion, which includes approximately billion of funds remaining from the 2012 settlement and million in additional funding. The Company s allocated responsibility for the additional funding is approximately million. The court granted final approval of the settlement on December 13, 2019, which was appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit by settlement objector merchants. On March 15, 2023, the Second Circuit affirmed the damages class settlement. On September 27, 2021, the district court granted the plaintiffs motion for class certification in the equitable relief case. Several of the opt-out and direct action litigations have been settled while others remain pending. 

138 
 Wells Fargo Company 

class actions filed by institutional investors and an action filed by the National Credit Union Administration with similar allegations. 
 SEMINOLE TRIBE TRUSTEE LITIGATION The Seminole Tribe of Florida filed a complaint in Florida state court alleging that Wells Fargo, as trustee, charged excess fees in connection with the administration of a minor s trust and failed to invest the assets of the trust prudently. The complaint was later amended to include individual current and former beneficiaries as plaintiffs and to remove the Tribe as a party to the case. 

billion as of December 31, 2023. The outcomes of legal actions are unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, and it is inherently difficult to determine whether any loss is probable or even possible. It is also inherently difficult to estimate the amount of any loss and there may be matters for which a loss is probable or reasonably possible but not currently estimable. Accordingly, actual losses may be in excess of the established accrual or the range of reasonably possible loss. Based on information currently available, advice of counsel, available insurance coverage, and established reserves, Wells Fargo believes that the eventual outcome of the actions against Wells Fargo and/or its subsidiaries will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on Wells Fargo s consolidated financial condition. However, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of a matter, if unfavorable, may be material to Wells Fargo s results of operations for any particular period. 

Wells Fargo Company 139 

Commodity contracts Foreign exchange contracts Total derivatives designated as qualifying hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Interest rate contracts Commodity contracts Equity contracts (1) 
 Foreign exchange contracts Credit contracts Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Total derivatives before netting Netting ) ) ) ) Total 
 (1) In first quarter 2023, we adopted ASU 2018-12 Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 Balance Sheet Offsetting 
 We execute substantially all of our derivative transactions under master netting arrangements. Where legally enforceable, these master netting arrangements give the ability, in the event of default by the counterparty, to liquidate securities held as collateral and to offset receivables and payables with the same counterparty. We reflect all derivative balances and related cash collateral subject to enforceable master netting arrangements on a net basis on our consolidated balance sheet. We do not net non-cash collateral that we receive or pledge against derivative balances on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 For disclosure purposes, we present Total Derivatives, net which represents the aggregate of our net exposure to each 

counterparty after considering the balance sheet netting adjustments and any non-cash collateral. We manage derivative exposure by monitoring the credit risk associated with each counterparty using counterparty-specific credit risk limits, using master netting arrangements and obtaining collateral. 

140 
 Wells Fargo Company 

OTC cleared Exchange traded Total interest rate contracts Commodity contracts OTC Exchange traded Total commodity contracts Equity contracts OTC Exchange traded Total equity contracts Foreign exchange contracts OTC Total foreign exchange contracts Credit contracts OTC Total credit contracts Total derivatives subject to enforceable master netting arrangements, gross Less: Gross amounts offset Counterparty netting (1) ) ) ) ) Cash collateral netting ) ) ) ) Total derivatives subject to enforceable master netting arrangements, net Derivatives not subject to enforceable master netting arrangements (2) Total derivatives recognized in consolidated balance sheet, net Non-cash collateral ) ) ) ) Total Derivatives, net 
 (1) Represents amounts with counterparties subject to enforceable master netting arrangements that have been offset in our consolidated balance sheet, including portfolio level counterparty valuation adjustments related to customer accommodation and other trading derivatives. Counterparty valuation adjustments related to derivative assets were million and million and debit valuation adjustments related to derivative liabilities were million and million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and were primarily related to interest rate contracts. 
 (2) In first quarter 2023, we adopted ASU 2018-12 Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 Fair Value and Cash Flow Hedges 
 For fair value hedges, we use interest rate swaps to convert certain of our fixed-rate long-term debt and time certificates of deposit to floating rates to hedge our exposure to interest rate risk. We also enter into cross-currency swaps, cross-currency interest rate swaps and forward contracts to hedge our exposure to foreign currency risk and interest rate risk associated with the issuance of non-U.S. dollar denominated long-term debt. We also enter into futures contracts, forward contracts, and swap contracts to hedge our exposure to the price risk of physical commodities included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheet. In addition, we use interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps, cross-currency interest rate swaps and forward contracts to hedge against changes in fair value of certain investments in available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities due to changes in interest rates, foreign currency rates, or both. For certain fair value hedges of interest rate risk, we use the portfolio layer method to hedge stated amounts of closed portfolios of AFS debt securities. For certain fair value hedges of foreign currency risk, changes in fair value of cross-currency swaps 

attributable to changes in cross-currency basis spreads are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recorded in other comprehensive income (OCI). See Note 25 (Other Comprehensive Income) for the amounts recognized in other comprehensive income. 
 For cash flow hedges, we use interest rate swaps to hedge the variability in interest payments received on certain interest-earning deposits with banks and certain floating-rate commercial loans. We also use cross-currency swaps to hedge variability in interest payments on fixed-rate foreign currency-denominated long-term debt due to changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 We estimate million pre-tax of deferred net losses related to cash flow hedges in OCI at December 31, 2023, will be reclassified into net interest income during the next twelve months. For cash flow hedges as of December 31, 2023, we are hedging our interest rate and foreign currency exposure to the variability of future cash flows for all forecasted transactions for a maximum of approximately years. For additional information on our accounting hedges, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 

Wells Fargo Company 141 

Note 14: Derivatives (continued) 

) N/A Interest rate contracts: Realized gains (losses) (pre-tax) reclassified from OCI into net income ) ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) (pre-tax) recognized in OCI N/A N/A N/A N/A ) Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) on interest rate contracts ) ) ) Foreign exchange contracts: Realized gains (losses) (pre-tax) reclassified from OCI into net income ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) (pre-tax) recognized in OCI N/A N/A N/A N/A Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) on foreign exchange contracts ) ) Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) recognized on cash flow hedges ) ) ) ) Year ended December 31, 2022 Total amounts presented in the consolidated statement of income and other comprehensive income ) N/A ) Interest rate contracts: Realized gains (losses) (pre-tax) reclassified from OCI into net income ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) (pre-tax) recognized in OCI N/A N/A N/A N/A ) Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) on interest rate contracts ) ) Foreign exchange contracts: Realized gains (losses) (pre-tax) reclassified from OCI into net income ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) (pre-tax) recognized in OCI N/A N/A N/A N/A ) Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) on foreign exchange contracts ) ) ) Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) recognized on cash flow hedges ) ) ) ) Year ended December 31, 2021 Total amounts presented in the consolidated statement of income and other comprehensive income ) N/A Interest rate contracts: Realized gains (losses) (pre-tax) reclassified from OCI into net income ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) (pre-tax) recognized in OCI N/A N/A N/A N/A Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) on interest rate contracts ) ) Foreign exchange contracts: Realized gains (losses) (pre-tax) reclassified from OCI into net income ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) (pre-tax) recognized in OCI N/A N/A N/A N/A ) Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) on foreign exchange contracts ) ) ) Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) recognized on cash flow hedges ) ) ) 
 142 
 Wells Fargo Company 

) ) N/A Interest contracts Amounts related to cash flows on derivatives ) ) ) N/A Recognized on derivatives ) Recognized on hedged items ) ) ) N/A Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) on interest rate contracts ) ) ) Foreign exchange contracts Amounts related to cash flows on derivatives ) ) N/A Recognized on derivatives Recognized on hedged items ) ) ) N/A Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) on foreign exchange contracts ) ) Commodity contracts Recognized on derivatives Recognized on hedged items N/A Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) on commodity contracts Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) recognized on fair value hedges 
 ) ) ) Year ended December 31, 2022 Total amounts presented in the consolidated statement of income and other comprehensive income ) ) N/A ) Interest contracts Amounts related to cash flows on derivatives N/A Recognized on derivatives ) ) ) Recognized on hedged items ) N/A Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) on interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts Amounts related to cash flows on derivatives ) ) N/A Recognized on derivatives ) ) ) Recognized on hedged items N/A Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) on foreign exchange contracts ) ) ) Commodity contracts Recognized on derivatives Recognized on hedged items ) ) N/A Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) on commodity contracts Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) recognized on fair value hedges 
 ) ) Year ended December 31, 2021 Total amounts presented in the consolidated statement of income and other comprehensive income 
 ) ) N/A Interest contracts Amounts related to cash flows on derivatives ) N/A Recognized on derivatives ) ) ) Recognized on hedged items ) N/A Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) on interest rate contracts ) Foreign exchange contracts Amounts related to cash flows on derivatives N/A Recognized on derivatives ) ) ) Recognized on hedged items ) N/A Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) on foreign exchange contracts ) ) ) Commodity contracts Recognized on derivatives Recognized on hedged items ) ) N/A Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) on commodity contracts ) ) Total gains (losses) (pre-tax) recognized on fair value hedges 
 ) ) 

Wells Fargo Company 143 

Note 14: Derivatives (continued) 

) Other assets Deposits ) ) Long-term debt ) December 31, 2022 Available-for-sale debt securities (4) ) Other assets Deposits ) ) Long-term debt ) ) 
 (1) Does not include the carrying amount of hedged items where only foreign currency risk is the designated hedged risk. The carrying amount excluded million and million for available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities where only foreign currency risk is the designated hedged risk as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) Represents the full carrying amount of the hedged asset or liability item as of the balance sheet date, except for circumstances in which only a portion of the asset or liability was designated as the hedged item in which case only the portion designated is presented. 
 (3) The balance includes million and million of debt securities and long-term debt cumulative basis adjustments, respectively, as of December 31, 2023, and million and million of debt securities and long-term debt cumulative basis adjustments, respectively, as of December 31, 2022, on terminated hedges whereby the hedged items have subsequently been re-designated into existing hedges. 
 (4) Carrying amount represents the amortized cost. 
 (5) The balance includes cumulative basis adjustments of ) million as of December 31, 2023, related to certain AFS debt securities designated as the hedged item in a fair value hedge using the portfolio layer method. At December 31, 2023, the aggregated designated hedged items using the portfolio layer method had a carrying amount of billion from closed portfolios of financial assets totaling billion. 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments include economic hedges and derivatives entered into for customer accommodation trading purposes. 
 We use economic hedge derivatives to manage our exposure to interest rate risk, equity price risk, foreign currency risk, and credit risk. We also use economic hedge derivatives to mitigate the periodic earnings volatility caused by mismatches between the changes in fair value of the hedged item and hedging instrument recognized on our fair value accounting hedges. 
 
 Mortgage Banking Activities 
 We use economic hedge derivatives in our mortgage banking business to hedge the risk of changes in the fair value of (1) certain residential MSRs measured at fair value, (2) residential mortgage LHFS, (3) derivative loan commitments, and (4) other interests held. The types of derivatives used include swaps, swaptions, constant maturity mortgages, forwards, Eurodollar and Treasury futures and options contracts. Loan commitments for mortgage loans that we intend to sell are considered 

derivatives. Residential MSRs, derivative loan commitments, certain residential mortgage LHFS, and our economic hedge derivatives are carried at fair value. 
 
 Customer Accommodation Trading 
 For customer accommodation trading purposes, we use swaps, futures, forwards, spots and options to assist our customers in managing their own risks, including interest rate, commodity, equity, foreign exchange, and credit contracts. These derivatives are not linked to specific assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet or to forecasted transactions in an accounting hedge relationship and, therefore, do not qualify for hedge accounting. Changes in the fair value of customer accommodation trading derivatives are recorded in net gains from trading and securities. 
 ) Equity contracts (2)(3) 
 ) ) Foreign exchange contracts (4) 
 ) Credit contracts (5) 
 ) Net gains (losses) recognized related to derivatives not designated as hedging instruments ) ) 
 (1) Derivative gains and (losses) related to mortgage banking activities were recorded in mortgage banking noninterest income. Other derivative gains and (losses) not related to mortgage banking were recorded in other noninterest income. For additional information on our mortgage banking interest rate contracts, see Note 6 (Mortgage Banking Activities). 
 (2) In first quarter 2023, we adopted ASU 2018-12 Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 (3) Includes derivative gains and (losses) used to economically hedge the deferred compensation plan, which were recorded in personnel noninterest expense, and derivative instruments related to the retained litigation risk associated with our previous sales of Visa Class B shares, which were recorded in other noninterest income. 
 (4) Includes derivatives used to mitigate foreign exchange risk of specified foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities. Gains and (losses) were recorded in other noninterest income. 
 (5) Includes credit derivatives used to mitigate credit risk associated with lending exposure. Gains and (losses) were recorded in other noninterest income. 

144 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Risk participation swaps Total credit derivatives December 31, 2022 Credit default swaps Risk participation swaps Total credit derivatives 
 
 Protection sold represents the estimated maximum exposure to loss that would be incurred if, upon an event of default, the value of our interests and any associated collateral declined to zero, and does not take into consideration any recovery value from the referenced obligation or offset from collateral held or any economic hedges. 
 The amounts under non-investment grade represent the notional amounts of those credit derivatives on which we have a higher risk of being required to perform under the terms of the credit derivative and are a function of the underlying assets. 

Collateral posted Additional collateral to be posted upon a below investment grade credit rating (1) 
 (1) Any credit rating below investment grade requires us to post the maximum amount of collateral. 

Wells Fargo Company 145 

146 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Wells Fargo Company 147 

Note 15: Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities (continued) 

148 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Collateralized loan obligations Corporate debt securities Federal agency mortgage-backed securities Non-agency mortgage-backed securities Other debt securities Total trading debt securities Available-for-sale debt securities: Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies Non-U.S. government securities Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions Federal agency mortgage-backed securities Non-agency mortgage-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Other debt securities Total available-for-sale debt securities Loans held for sale Mortgage servicing rights (residential) Derivative assets (gross): Interest rate contracts Commodity contracts Equity contracts Foreign exchange contracts Credit contracts Total derivative assets (gross) Equity securities: Marketable Nonmarketable Total equity securities Other assets (1) Total assets prior to derivative netting Derivative netting (2) ) ) Total assets after derivative netting Derivative liabilities (gross): Interest rate contracts ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Commodity contracts ) ) ) ) ) ) Equity contracts (1) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange contracts ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Credit contracts ) ) ) ) ) ) Total derivative liabilities (gross) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Short-sale and other liabilities (1) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Interest-bearing deposits 
 ) ) Long-term debt ) ) ) ) Total liabilities prior to derivative netting ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Derivative netting (2) Total liabilities after derivative netting ) ) 
 (1) In first quarter 2023, we adopted ASU 2018-12 Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 (2) Represents balance sheet netting of derivative asset and liability balances, related cash collateral, and portfolio level counterparty valuation adjustments. See Note 14 (Derivatives) for additional information. 
 Wells Fargo Company 149 

Note 15: Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities (continued) 

) ) ) ) ) (6) Available-for-sale debt securities ) ) ) ) ) (6) Loans held for sale ) ) ) ) (7) Mortgage servicing rights (residential) (8) ) ) (7) Net derivative assets and liabilities: Interest rate contracts ) ) ) ) ) Equity contracts ) ) ) ) ) Other derivative contracts ) ) ) ) Total derivative contracts ) ) ) ) ) ) (9) Equity securities ) ) ) (6) Other assets and liabilities ) ) (10) Year ended December 31, 2022 Trading debt securities ) ) ) ) ) (6) Available-for-sale debt securities ) ) ) ) ) (6) Loans held for sale ) ) ) ) ) (7) Mortgage servicing rights (residential) (8) ) (7) Net derivative assets and liabilities: Interest rate contracts ) ) ) ) Equity contracts (11) ) ) ) ) ) Other derivative contracts ) ) ) ) ) Total derivative contracts ) ) ) ) ) ) ) (9) Equity securities ) ) ) (6) Other assets and liabilities (11) ) ) (10) Year ended December 31, 2021 Trading debt securities ) ) ) ) (6) Available-for-sale debt securities ) ) ) ) (6) Loans held for sale ) ) ) ) ) (7) Mortgage servicing rights (residential) (8) ) ) (7) Net derivative assets and liabilities: Interest rate contracts ) ) ) ) Equity contracts (11) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Other derivative contracts ) ) ) Total derivative contracts ) ) ) ) ) (9) Equity securities ) ) ) (6) Other assets and liabilities (11) 
 ) ) ) (10) 
 
 (1) All amounts represent net gains (losses) included in net income except for AFS debt securities and other assets and liabilities which also included net gains (losses) in other comprehensive income. Net gains (losses) included in other comprehensive income for AFS debt securities were ) million, ) million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net gains (losses) included in other comprehensive income for other assets and liabilities were ) million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes originations of mortgage servicing rights and loans held for sale. 
 (3) All assets and liabilities transferred into Level 3 were previously classified within Level 2. 
 (4) All assets and liabilities transferred out of Level 3 are classified as Level 2. During first quarter 2022, we transferred billion of non-marketable equity securities and billion of related economic hedging derivative assets (equity contracts) out of Level 3 due to our election to measure fair value of these instruments as a portfolio. Under this election, the unit of valuation is the portfolio-level, rather than each individual instrument. The unobservable inputs previously significant to the valuation of the instruments individually are no longer significant, as those unobservable inputs offset under the portfolio election. 
 (5) All amounts represent net unrealized gains (losses) related to assets and liabilities held at period end included in net income except for AFS debt securities and other assets and liabilities which also included net unrealized gains (losses) related to assets and liabilities held at period end in other comprehensive income. Net unrealized gains (losses) included in other comprehensive income for AFS debt securities were ) million, ) million and ) million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net unrealized gains (losses) included in other comprehensive income for other assets and liabilities were ) million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (6) Included in net gains from trading and securities on our consolidated statement of income. 
 (7) Included in mortgage banking income on our consolidated statement of income. 
 (8) For additional information on the changes in mortgage servicing rights, see Note 6 (Mortgage Banking Activities). 
 (9) Included in mortgage banking income, net gains from trading and securities, and other noninterest income on our consolidated statement of income. 
 (10) Included in other noninterest income on our consolidated statement of income. 
 (11) In first quarter 2023, we adopted ASU 2018-12 Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 

150 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Discounted cash flow Discount rate - Market comparable pricing Comparability adjustment ) - ) Market comparable pricing Multiples 1.2x - 10.3x 5.6x Loans held for sale Discounted cash flow Default rate - Discount rate - Loss severity - Prepayment rate - Market comparable pricing Comparability adjustment ) - ) Mortgage servicing rights (residential) Discounted cash flow Cost to service per loan (1) - Discount rate - Prepayment rate (2) - Net derivative assets and (liabilities): Interest rate contracts ) Discounted cash flow Discount rate - ) Discounted cash flow Default rate - Loss severity - Prepayment rate - Interest rate contracts: derivative loan 
 commitments 
 ) Discounted cash flow Fall-out factor - Initial-value servicing (5.5) - 141.0 bps 10.0 Equity contracts ) Discounted cash flow Conversion factor ) - ) Weighted average life - yrs ) Option model Correlation factor ) - Volatility factor - Insignificant Level 3 assets, net of liabilities (3) Total Level 3 assets, net of liabilities (4) December 31, 2022 Trading and available-for-sale debt securities Discounted cash flow Discount rate - Market comparable pricing Comparability adjustment ) - ) Market comparable pricing Multiples 1.1x - 7.4x 4.0x Loans held for sale Discounted cash flow Default rate - Discount rate - Loss severity - Prepayment rate - Mortgage servicing rights (residential) Discounted cash flow Cost to service per loan (1) - Discount rate - Prepayment rate (2) - Net derivative assets and (liabilities): Interest rate contracts ) Discounted cash flow Discount rate - ) Discounted cash flow Default rate - Loss severity - Prepayment rate - Interest rate contracts: derivative loan 
 commitments 
 ) Discounted cash flow Fall-out factor - Initial-value servicing (9.3) - 141.0 bps 11.5 Equity contracts (3) ) Discounted cash flow Conversion factor ) - ) Weighted average life - yrs ) Option model Correlation factor ) - Volatility factor - Insignificant Level 3 liabilities, net of assets (3) ) Total Level 3 assets, net of liabilities (4) 
 (1) The high end of the range of inputs is for servicing modified loans. For non-modified loans, the range is - at December 31, 2023, and - at December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Includes a blend of prepayment speeds and expected defaults. Prepayment speeds are influenced by mortgage interest rates as well as our estimation of drivers of borrower behavior. 
 (3) In first quarter 2023, we adopted ASU 2018-12 Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 (4) Consists of total Level 3 assets of billion and billion and total Level 3 liabilities of billion and billion, before netting of derivative balances, at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Wells Fargo Company 151 

Note 15: Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities (continued) 

 152 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Loans: Commercial Consumer Total loans Mortgage servicing rights (commercial) Nonmarketable equity securities Other assets Total assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 (1) Consists of commercial mortgages and residential mortgage first lien loans. 

Wells Fargo Company 153 

Note 15: Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities (continued) ) Loans: Commercial ) ) ) Consumer ) ) ) Total loans ) ) ) Mortgage servicing rights (commercial) Nonmarketable equity securities (1) ) ) Other assets (2) ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 (1) Includes impairment of nonmarketable equity securities and observable price changes related to nonmarketable equity securities accounted for under the measurement alternative. 
 (2) Includes impairment of operating lease ROU assets, valuation of physical commodities, valuation losses on foreclosed real estate and other collateral owned, and impairment of venture capital and private equity investments in consolidated portfolio companies. 

Discounted cash flow Default rate - Discount rate - Loss severity - Prepayment rate - Nonmarketable equity securities Market comparable pricing Comparability adjustment ) - ) ) Market comparable pricing Multiples 0.7x - 27.1x 8.4x Discounted cash flow Discount rate - Insignificant Level 3 assets Total December 31, 2022 Loans held for sale Discounted cash flow Default rate - Discount rate - Loss severity - Prepayment rate - Market comparable pricing Comparability adjustment ) - ) ) Mortgage servicing rights (commercial) Discounted cash flow Cost to service per loan - Discount rate - Prepayment rate - Nonmarketable equity securities Market comparable pricing Comparability adjustment ) - ) ) Market comparable pricing Multiples 0.8x - 18.7x 9.9x Other assets (2) Market comparable pricing Multiples 6.4 - 8.0 7.1 Insignificant Level 3 assets Total 
 (1) Refer to the narrative following Table 15.3 for a definition of the valuation technique(s) and significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of loans held for sale, mortgage servicing rights, certain nonmarketable equity securities, and other assets. 
 (2) Represents venture capital and private equity investments in consolidated portfolio companies. 

154 
 Wells Fargo Company 

) ) Interest-bearing deposits ) ) Long-term debt (2) ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Nonaccrual loans and loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing included in LHFS for which we have elected the fair value option were insignificant at December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 (2) Includes zero coupon notes for which the aggregate unpaid principal amount reflects the contractual principal due at maturity. 
 ) ) Interest-bearing deposits 
 ) Long-term debt ) 

Wells Fargo Company 155 

Note 15: Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities (continued) 

million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 The total of the fair value calculations presented does not represent, and should not be construed to represent, the underlying fair value of the Company. 

Interest-earning deposits with banks (1) Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements (1) Held-to-maturity debt securities Loans held for sale Loans, net (2) Nonmarketable equity securities (cost method) Total financial assets Financial liabilities Deposits (3) Short-term borrowings Long-term debt (4) Total financial liabilities December 31, 2022 Financial assets Cash and due from banks (1) Interest-earning deposits with banks (1) Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements (1) Held-to-maturity debt securities Loans held for sale Loans, net (2) Nonmarketable equity securities (cost method) Total financial assets Financial liabilities Deposits (3) Short-term borrowings Long-term debt (4) Total financial liabilities 
 (1) Amounts consist of financial instruments for which carrying value approximates fair value. 
 (2) Excludes lease financing with a carrying amount of billion and billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (3) Excludes deposit liabilities with no defined or contractual maturity of trillion and trillion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (4) Excludes obligations under finance leases of million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 156 
 Wells Fargo Company 

billion and million, respectively, where we did not exercise our option to repurchase eligible loans. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we repurchased loans of million, billion, and billion, respectively. 
 Upon transfers of loans, we also provide indemnification for losses incurred due to material breaches of contractual representations and warranties as well as other recourse arrangements. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, our liability for these repurchase and recourse arrangements was million and million, respectively, and the maximum exposure to loss was billion and billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Substantially all residential servicing activity is related to assets transferred to GSE and GNMA securitizations. See Note 6 (Mortgage Banking Activities) for additional information about residential and commercial servicing rights, advances and servicing fees. 
 
 NONCONFORMING MORTGAGE LOAN SECURITIZATIONS In the normal course of business, we sell nonconforming mortgage loans in securitization transactions that we design and sponsor. Nonconforming mortgage loan securitizations do not involve a government credit guarantee, and accordingly, beneficial interest holders are subject to credit risk of the underlying assets held by the securitization VIE. We typically originate the transferred loans and account for the transfers as sales. We also typically retain the right to service the loans and may hold other beneficial interests issued by the VIE, such as debt securities held for investment purposes. Our servicing role related to nonconforming commercial mortgage loan securitizations is limited to primary or master servicer. We do not consolidate the VIE because the most significant decisions impacting the performance of the VIE are generally made by the special servicer or the controlling class security holder. For our residential nonconforming mortgage loan securitizations accounted for as sales, we either do not hold variable interests that we consider potentially significant or are not the primary servicer for a majority of the VIE assets. 
 
 WHOLE LOAN SALE TRANSACTIONS We may also sell whole loans to VIEs where we have continuing involvement in the form of financing. We account for these transfers as sales, and do not consolidate the VIEs as we do not have the power to direct the most significant activities of the VIEs. 
 
 gain or loss because the loans are measured 

Wells Fargo Company 157 

Note 16: Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities (continued) 

 Proceeds from transfer (1) Net gains (losses) on sale Continuing involvement (2): Servicing rights recognized Securities recognized (3) Loans recognized 
 (1) Represents cash proceeds and the fair value of non-cash beneficial interests recognized at securitization settlement. 
 (2) Represents assets or liabilities recognized at securitization settlement date related to our continuing involvement in the transferred assets. 
 (3) Represents debt securities obtained at securitization settlement held for investment purposes that are classified as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity. In 2022 and 2021, these predominantly related to agency securities. Excludes trading debt securities held temporarily for market-marking purposes, which are sold to third parties at or shortly after securitization settlement, of billion, billion, and billion, during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 In the normal course of business, we purchase certain 
 non-agency securities at initial securitization or subsequently in the secondary market, which we hold for investment. We also provide seller financing in the form of loans. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we received cash flows of million, million, and million, respectively, related to principal and interest payments on these securities and loans, which exclude cash flows related to trading activities and to the sale of our student loan portfolio. 
 Discount rate Cost to service per loan) 
 (1) Includes a blend of prepayment speeds and expected defaults. Prepayment speeds are influenced by mortgage interest rates as well as our estimation of drivers of borrower behavior. 
 See Note 15 (Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities) and 
 Note 6 (Mortgage Banking Activities) for additional information on key assumptions for residential MSRs. 

RESECURITIZATION ACTIVITIES We enter into resecuritization transactions as part of our trading activities to accommodate the investment and risk management activities of our customers. In resecuritization transactions, we transfer trading debt securities to VIEs in exchange for new beneficial interests that are sold to third parties at or shortly after securitization settlement. This activity is performed for customers seeking a specific return or risk profile. Substantially all of our transactions involve the resecuritization of conforming mortgage-backed securities issued by the GSEs or guaranteed by GNMA. We do not consolidate the resecuritization VIEs as we share in the decision-making power with third parties and do not hold significant economic interests in the VIEs other than for market-making activities. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we transferred securities of billion, billion, and billion, respectively, to resecuritization VIEs, and retained million, million, and million, respectively. These amounts are not included in Table 16.1. Related total VIE assets were billion and billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we held million and million of securities, respectively. 

158 
 Wells Fargo Company 

billion and billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Delinquent loans include loans 90 days or more past due and loans in bankruptcy, regardless of delinquency status. Delinquent loans and foreclosed assets related to loans sold to and held or securitized by GSEs and GNMA were billion and billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Residential Total off-balance sheet sold or securitized loans 
 (1) Includes million and million of commercial foreclosed assets and million and million of residential foreclosed assets at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Transactions with Unconsolidated VIEs 
 MORTGAGE LOAN SECURITIZATIONS Table 16.4 includes nonconforming mortgage loan securitizations where we originate and transfer the loans to the unconsolidated securitization VIEs that we sponsor. For additional information about these VIEs, see the Loan Sales and Securitization Activity section within this Note. Nonconforming mortgage loan securitizations also include commercial mortgage loan securitizations sponsored by third parties where we did not originate or transfer the loans but serve as master servicer and invest in securities that could be potentially significant to the VIE. 
 Conforming loan securitization and resecuritization transactions involving the GSEs and GNMA are excluded from Table 16.4 because we are not the sponsor or we do not have power over the activities most significant to the VIEs. Additionally, due to the nature of the guarantees provided by the GSEs and the FHA and VA, our credit risk associated with these VIEs is limited. For additional information about conforming mortgage loan securitizations and resecuritizations, see the Loan Sales and Securitization Activity and Resecuritization Activities sections within this Note. 
 
 COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE LOANS We may transfer purchased industrial development bonds and GSE credit enhancements to VIEs in exchange for beneficial interests. We may also acquire such beneficial interests in transactions where we do not act as a transferor. We own all of the beneficial interests and may also service the underlying mortgages that serve as collateral to the bonds. The GSEs have the power to direct the servicing and workout activities of the VIE in the event of a default, therefore we do not have control over the key decisions of the VIEs. 
 
 OTHER VIE STRUCTURES We engage in various forms of structured finance arrangements with other VIEs, including asset-backed finance structures and other securitizations collateralized by asset classes other than mortgages. Collateral may include rental properties, asset-backed securities, student loans and mortgage loans. We may participate in structuring or marketing the arrangements as well as provide financing, service one or more of the underlying assets, or enter into derivatives with the VIEs. We may also receive fees for those services. We are not the primary beneficiary of these structures because we do not have power to direct the most significant activities of the VIEs. 

Wells Fargo Company 159 

Note 16: Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities (continued) 

 ) Commercial real estate loans Other Total ) Maximum exposure to loss Loans Debt securities (1) Equity securities All other assets (2) Debt, guarantees, and other commitments Total exposure Nonconforming mortgage loan securitizations Commercial real estate loans Other Total Carrying value asset (liability) 
 
 (in millions) 
 Total VIE assets Loans Debt securities (1) Equity securities All other assets (2) Debt and other liabilities Net assets December 31, 2022 
 Nonconforming mortgage loan securitizations ) Commercial real estate loans Other Total ) Maximum exposure to loss Loans Debt securities (1) Equity securities All other assets (2) Debt, guarantees, and other commitments Total exposure Nonconforming mortgage loan securitizations Commercial real estate loans Other Total 
 (1) Includes million and million of securities classified as trading at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) All other assets includes mortgage servicing rights, derivative assets, and other assets (predominantly servicing advances). 
 INVOLVEMENT WITH TAX CREDIT VIES In addition to the unconsolidated VIEs in Table 16.4, we may invest in or provide funding to affordable housing, renewable energy or similar projects that are designed to generate a return primarily through the realization of federal tax credits and other tax benefits. The projects are typically managed by third-party sponsors who have the power over the VIE s assets, therefore, we do not consolidate the VIEs. The carrying value of our equity investments in tax credit VIEs was billion and billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We also had loans to tax credit VIEs with a carrying value of billion and billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Our maximum exposure to loss for tax credit VIEs at December 31, 2023 and 2022, was billion and billion, respectively. Our maximum exposure to loss included total unfunded equity and lending commitments of billion and billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. See Note 17 (Guarantees and Other Commitments) 

for additional information about commitments to purchase equity securities. 
 Our affordable housing equity investments qualify for the low-income housing tax credit (LIHTC). For these investments we are periodically required to provide additional financial support during the investment period, or at the discretion of project sponsors. A liability is recognized for unfunded commitments that are both legally binding and probable of funding. These commitments are predominantly funded within of initial investment. Our liability for affordable housing equity investment unfunded commitments was billion at December 31, 2023 and billion at December 31, 2022, and was included in long-term debt on our consolidated balance sheet. 

Tax credits and other tax benefits ) ) ) Net expense/(benefit) recognized within income tax expense ) ) ) 

160 
 Wells Fargo Company 

) Other Total consolidated VIEs ) December 31, 2022 Commercial and industrial loans and leases ) Other ) Total consolidated VIEs ) 
 (1) All other assets includes loans held for sale and other assets. 
 (2) Liabilities include short-term borrowings, and accrued expenses and other liabilities. 

Wells Fargo Company 161 

Direct pay letters of credit (1) Loans and LHFS sold with recourse 
 Exchange and clearing house guarantees Other guarantees and indemnifications (2) 
 Total guarantees December 31, 2022 Standby letters of credit (1) Direct pay letters of credit (1) Loans and LHFS sold with recourse 
 Exchange and clearing house guarantees Other guarantees and indemnifications (2) 
 Total guarantees 
 (1) Standby and direct pay letters of credit are reported net of syndications and participations. 
 (2) Includes indemnifications provided to certain third-party clearing agents. Estimated maximum exposure to loss was million and million with related collateral of million and billion as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Maximum exposure to loss represents the estimated loss that would be incurred under an assumed hypothetical circumstance, despite what we believe is a remote possibility, where the value of our interests and any associated collateral declines to zero. Maximum exposure to loss estimates in Table 17.1 do not reflect economic hedges or collateral we could use to offset or recover losses we may incur under our guarantee agreements. Accordingly, these amounts are not an indication of expected loss. We believe the carrying value is more representative of our current exposure to loss than maximum exposure to loss. The carrying value represents the fair value of the guarantee, if any, and also includes an ACL for guarantees, if applicable. In determining the ACL for guarantees, we consider the credit risk of the related contingent obligation. 
 For our guarantees in Table 17.1, non-investment grade represents those guarantees on which we have a higher risk of performance under the terms of the guarantee, which is determined based on an external rating or an internal credit grade that is below investment grade, if applicable. 
 
 STANDBY LETTERS OF CREDIT We issue standby letters of credit, which include performance and financial guarantees, for customers in connection with contracts between our customers and third parties. Standby letters of credit are conditional lending commitments where we are obligated to make payment to a third party on behalf of a customer if the customer fails to meet their contractual obligations. Total maximum exposure to loss includes the portion of multipurpose lending facilities for which we have issued standby letters of credit under the commitments. 
 
 DIRECT PAY LETTERS OF CREDIT We issue direct pay letters of credit to serve as credit enhancements for certain bond issuances. Beneficiaries (bond trustees) may draw upon these instruments to make scheduled principal and interest payments, 

redeem all outstanding bonds because a default event has occurred, or for other reasons as permitted by the agreement. 
 
 LOANS AND LHFS SOLD WITH RECOURSE For certain sales and securitizations of loans, predominantly to GSEs, we provide recourse to the buyer for certain losses. Certain arrangements require that we share in the credit risk of the loans, substantially all of which are commercial real estate mortgage loans, where we provide recourse up to of actual losses incurred on a pro-rata basis in the event of borrower default. The maximum exposure to loss represents the outstanding principal balance of the loans sold or securitized that are subject to recourse provisions or the maximum losses per the contractual agreements. However, we believe the likelihood of loss of the entire balance due to these recourse agreements is remote, and amounts paid can be recovered in whole or in part from the sale of collateral. 
 
 EXCHANGE AND CLEARING HOUSE GUARANTEES We are members of several securities and derivatives exchanges and clearing houses, both in the U.S. and in countries outside the U.S., that we use to clear our trades and those of our customers, including customers for whom we act as sponsoring member. It is common that all members in these organizations are required to collectively guarantee the performance of other members of the organization. Our obligations under the guarantees are generally a pro-rata share based on either a fixed amount or a multiple of the guarantee fund we are required to maintain with these organizations. Some membership rules require members to assume a pro-rata share of losses resulting from another member s default or from non-member default losses after applying the guarantee fund. We have not recorded a liability for these arrangements as of the dates presented in Table 17.1 because we believe the likelihood of loss is remote. In 2023, we began acting as a sponsoring member under the Fixed Income 

162 
 Wells Fargo Company 

million and a liability of million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The fair value may be an asset as a result of deferred premiums on certain option trades. The maximum exposure to loss represents the notional value of these derivative contracts. At December 31, 2023, the maximum exposure to loss was billion, with billion expiring in three years or less compared with billion and billion, respectively, at December 31, 2022. See Note 14 (Derivatives) for additional information regarding written derivative contracts. 
 
 MERCHANT PROCESSING SERVICES We provide debit and credit card transaction processing services through payment networks directly for merchants and as a sponsor for merchant processing servicers, including our joint venture with a third party that is accounted for as an equity method investment. In our role as the merchant acquiring bank, we have a potential obligation in connection with payment and delivery disputes between the merchant and the cardholder that are resolved in favor of the cardholder, referred to as a charge-back transaction. If we are unable to collect the amounts from the merchant, we incur a loss for the refund to the cardholder. We are secondarily obligated to make a refund for transactions involving sponsored merchant processing servicers. We generally have a low likelihood of loss in connection with our merchant processing services because most products and services are delivered when purchased and amounts are generally refunded when items are returned to the merchant. In addition, we may reduce our risk in connection with these transactions by withholding future payments and requiring cash or other collateral. We estimate our potential maximum exposure to be the total merchant transaction volume processed in the preceding four months, which is generally the lifecycle for a charge-back transaction. As of December 31, 2023, our potential maximum exposure was approximately billion, and related losses, including those from our joint venture entity, were insignificant. 
 
 GUARANTEES OF SUBSIDIARIES In the normal course of business, the Parent may provide counterparties with guarantees related to its subsidiaries obligations. These obligations are included in the Company s consolidated balance sheet or are reflected as off-balance sheet commitments, and therefore, the Parent has not recognized a separate liability for these guarantees. 
 These securities are not guaranteed by any other subsidiary of the Parent. The guaranteed liabilities were million and million at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. These guarantees rank on parity with all of the Parent s other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. 
 The assets of the Parent consist primarily of equity in its subsidiaries, and the Parent is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. As a result, the Parent s ability to address claims of holders of these debt securities against the Parent under the guarantee depends on the Parent s receipt of dividends, loan payments and other funds from its subsidiaries. If any of the Parent s subsidiaries becomes insolvent, the direct creditors of that subsidiary will have a prior claim on that subsidiary s assets. The rights of the Parent and the rights of the Parent s creditors will be subject to that prior claim unless the Parent is also a direct creditor of that subsidiary. For additional information regarding other restrictions on the Parent s ability to 

Wells Fargo Company 163 

Note 17: Guarantees and Other Commitments (continued) 

 and million, respectively, and commitments to purchase equity securities of billion and billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, our commitments to purchase equity securities predominantly included Federal Reserve Bank stock and renewable energy investments. 
 As part of maintaining our memberships in certain clearing organizations, we are required to stand ready to provide liquidity to sustain market clearing activity in the event unforeseen events occur or are deemed likely to occur. Certain of these obligations are guarantees of other members performance and accordingly are included in Table 17.1 in Other guarantees and indemnifications. 

billion and billion as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The amount of our unfunded contractual commitments for repurchase and securities lending agreements was million and billion as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Given the nature of these commitments, they are excluded from Table 5.4 (Unfunded Credit Commitments) in Note 5 (Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses). 

164 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Gross amounts offset in consolidated balance sheet (1) ) ) Net amounts in consolidated balance sheet (2) Collateral received not recognized in consolidated balance sheet (3) 
 ) ) Net amount (4) Liabilities: Repurchase and securities lending agreements Gross amounts recognized Gross amounts offset in consolidated balance sheet (1) ) ) Net amounts in consolidated balance sheet (5) Collateral pledged but not netted in consolidated balance sheet (6) ) ) Net amount (4) 
 (1) Represents recognized amount of resale and repurchase agreements with counterparties subject to enforceable MRAs that have been offset within our consolidated balance sheet. 
 (2) Includes billion and billion classified on our consolidated balance sheet in federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Also includes billion and billion classified on our consolidated balance sheet in loans at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (3) Represents the fair value of collateral we have received under enforceable MRAs or MSLAs, limited in the table above to the amount of the recognized asset due from each counterparty. 
 (4) Represents the amount of our exposure (assets) or obligation (liabilities) that is not collateralized and/or is not subject to an enforceable MRA or MSLA. 
 (5) Amount is classified in short-term borrowings on our consolidated balance sheet. 

Wells Fargo Company 165 

Note 18: Securities and Other Collateralized Financing Activities (continued) 

Securities of U.S. States and political subdivisions Federal agency mortgage-backed securities Non-agency mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Equity securities Other Total repurchases Securities lending arrangements: Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies Federal agency mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Equity securities (1) Other Total securities lending Total repurchases and securities lending 
 (1) Equity securities are generally exchange traded and represent collateral received from third parties that has been repledged. We received the collateral through either margin lending agreements or contemporaneous securities borrowing transactions with other counterparties. 
 Up to 30 days 30-90 days >90 days Total gross obligation December 31, 2022 Overnight/continuous Up to 30 days 30-90 days >90 days Total gross obligation 

166 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Available-for-sale 
 Equity securities All other assets 
 Total assets pledged to counterparties that had the right to sell or repledge Pledged to counterparties that did not have the right to sell or repledge: Debt securities: Trading 
 Available-for-sale 
 Held-to-maturity Loans Equity securities All other assets 
 Total assets pledged to counterparties that did not have the right to sell or repledge Total pledged assets 
 billion and billion, respectively, of which billion and billion, respectively, were sold or repledged. 

Wells Fargo Company 167 

reportable operating segments: Consumer Banking and Lending; Commercial Banking; Corporate and Investment Banking; and Wealth and Investment Management. All other business activities that are not included in the reportable operating segments have been included in Corporate. We define our reportable operating segments by type of product and customer segment, and their results are based on our management reporting process. The management reporting process measures the performance of the reportable operating segments based on the Company s management structure, and the results are regularly reviewed with our Chief Executive Officer and relevant senior management. The management reporting process is based on U.S. GAAP and includes specific adjustments, such as funds transfer pricing for asset/liability management, shared revenue and expenses, and taxable-equivalent adjustments to consistently reflect income from taxable and tax-exempt sources, which allows management to assess performance consistently across the operating segments. 
 
 Consumer Banking and Lending offers diversified financial products and services for consumers and small businesses with annual sales generally up to million. These financial products and services include checking and savings accounts, credit and debit cards as well as home, auto, personal, and small business lending. 
 
 Commercial Banking provides financial solutions to private, family owned and certain public companies. Products and services include banking and credit products across multiple industry sectors and municipalities, secured lending and lease products, and treasury management. 
 
 Corporate and Investment Banking delivers a suite of capital markets, banking, and financial products and services to corporate, commercial real estate, government and institutional clients globally. Products and services include corporate banking, investment banking, treasury management, commercial real estate lending and servicing, equity and fixed income solutions as well as sales, trading, and research capabilities. 
 
 Wealth and Investment Management provides personalized wealth management, brokerage, financial planning, lending, private banking, trust and fiduciary products and services to affluent, high-net worth and ultra-high-net worth clients. We operate through financial advisors in our brokerage and wealth offices, consumer bank branches, independent offices, and digitally through WellsTrade and Intuitive Investor . 

Corporate includes corporate treasury and enterprise functions, net of allocations (including funds transfer pricing, capital, liquidity and certain expenses), in support of the reportable operating segments, as well as our investment portfolio and venture capital and private equity investments. Corporate also includes certain lines of business that management has determined are no longer consistent with the long-term strategic goals of the Company as well as results for previously divested businesses. In third quarter 2023, we sold investments in certain private equity funds, which had a minimal impact to net income. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 FUNDS TRANSFER PRICING Corporate treasury manages a funds transfer pricing methodology that considers interest rate risk, liquidity risk, and other product characteristics. Operating segments pay a funding charge for their assets and receive a funding credit for their deposits, both of which are included in net interest income. The net impact of the funding charges or credits is recognized in corporate treasury. 
 
 REVENUE AND EXPENSE SHARING When lines of business jointly serve customers, the line of business that is responsible for providing the product or service recognizes revenue or expense with a referral fee paid or an allocation of cost to the other line of business based on established internal revenue-sharing agreements. 
 When a line of business uses a service provided by another line of business or enterprise function (included in Corporate), expense is generally allocated based on the cost and use of the service provided. We periodically assess and update our revenue and expense allocation methodologies. 
 
 TAXABLE-EQUIVALENT ADJUSTMENTS Taxable-equivalent adjustments related to tax-exempt income on certain loans and debt securities are included in net interest income, while taxable-equivalent adjustments related to income tax credits for low-income housing and renewable energy investments are included in noninterest income, in each case with corresponding impacts to income tax expense (benefit). Adjustments are included in Corporate, Commercial Banking, and Corporate and Investment Banking and are eliminated to reconcile to the Company s consolidated financial results. 

168 
 Wells Fargo Company 

) ) Noninterest income ) Total revenue ) ) Provision for credit losses Noninterest expense Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net income (loss) before noncontrolling interests ) Less: Net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income (loss) ) Year ended December 31, 2022 Net interest income (3) ) ) Noninterest income ) Total revenue ) ) Provision for credit losses ) ) ) Noninterest expense Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net income (loss) before noncontrolling interests ) Less: Net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income (loss) ) Year ended December 31, 2021 Net interest income (3) 
 ) ) Noninterest income ) Total revenue ) Provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) ) Noninterest expense Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income before noncontrolling interests 
 Less: Net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests ) Net income 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 Loans (average) Assets (average) Deposits (average) Loans (period-end) Assets (period-end) Deposits (period-end) Year ended December 31, 2022 Loans (average) Assets (average) Deposits (average) Loans (period-end) Assets (period-end) Deposits (period-end) 
 (1) In first quarter 2023, we adopted ASU 2018-12 Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 (2) Taxable-equivalent adjustments related to tax-exempt income on certain loans and debt securities are included in net interest income, while taxable-equivalent adjustments related to income tax credits for low-income housing and renewable energy investments are included in noninterest income, in each case with corresponding impacts to income tax expense (benefit). Adjustments are included in Corporate, Commercial Banking, and Corporate and Investment Banking and are eliminated to reconcile to the Company s consolidated financial results. 
 . 
 Wells Fargo Company 169 

) ) Noninterest income: Deposit-related fees ) Lending-related fees (2) Investment advisory and other asset-based fees (3) Commissions and brokerage services fees Investment banking fees ) ) Card fees: Card interchange and network revenue (4) Other card fees (2) Total card fees Mortgage banking (2) ) Net gains (losses) from trading activities (2) ) Net gains (losses) from debt securities (2) ) Net losses from equity securities (2) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Lease income (2) Other (2) ) Total noninterest income ) Total revenue ) ) Year ended December 31, 2022 Net interest income (2) ) ) Noninterest income: Deposit-related fees Lending-related fees (2) Investment advisory and other asset-based fees (3) Commissions and brokerage services fees Investment banking fees ) ) Card fees: Card interchange and network revenue (4) Other card fees (2) Total card fees Mortgage banking (2) ) ) Net gains (losses) from trading activities (2) ) Net gains from debt securities (2) Net gains (losses) from equity securities (2) ) ) ) ) ) Lease income (2) Other (2)(5) ) Total noninterest income ) Total revenue ) ) 
 
 (continued on following page) 
 170 
 Wells Fargo Company 

) ) Noninterest income: Deposit-related fees Lending-related fees (2) ) Investment advisory and other asset-based fees (3) Commissions and brokerage services fees ) Investment banking fees ) ) Card fees: Card interchange and network revenue (4) Other card fees (2) Total card fees Mortgage banking (2) ) ) Net gains (losses) from trading activities (2) ) Net gains from debt securities (2) Net gains (losses) from equity securities (2) ) Lease income (2) Other (2)(5) 
 ) Total noninterest income ) Total revenue ) 
 (1) Taxable-equivalent adjustments related to tax-exempt income on certain loans and debt securities are included in net interest income, while taxable-equivalent adjustments related to income tax credits for low-income housing and renewable energy investments are included in noninterest income, in each case with corresponding impacts to income tax expense (benefit). Adjustments are included in Corporate, Commercial Banking, and Corporate and Investment Banking and are eliminated to reconcile to the Company s consolidated financial results. 
 (2) These revenue types are related to financial assets and liabilities, including loans, leases, securities and derivatives, with additional details included in other footnotes to our financial statements. 
 (3) We earned trailing commissions of million, million, and billion for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (4) The cost of credit card rewards and rebates of billion, billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are presented net against the related revenue. 
 (5) In first quarter 2023, we adopted ASU 2018-12 Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 We provide services to customers which have related performance obligations that we complete to recognize revenue. Our revenue is generally recognized either immediately upon the completion of our service or over time as we perform services. Any services performed over time generally require that we render services each period and therefore we measure our progress in completing these services based upon the passage of time. 
 DEPOSIT-RELATED FEES are earned in connection with depository accounts for commercial and consumer customers and include fees for account charges, overdraft services, cash network fees, wire transfer and other remittance fees, and safe deposit box fees. Account charges include fees for periodic account maintenance activities and event-driven services such as stop payment fees. Our obligation for event-driven services is satisfied at the time of the event when the service is delivered, while our obligation for maintenance services is satisfied over the course of each month. Our obligation for overdraft services is satisfied at the time of the overdraft. Cash network fees are earned for processing ATM transactions, and our obligation is completed upon settlement of ATM transactions. Wire transfer and other remittance fees consist of fees earned for providing funds transfer services and issuing cashier s checks and money orders. Our obligation is satisfied at the time of the performance of the funds transfer service or upon issuance of the cashier s check or money order. Safe deposit box fees are generally recognized over time as we provide the services. 

INVESTMENT ADVISORY AND OTHER ASSET-BASED FEES are earned for providing brokerage advisory, asset management and trust services. These fees were impacted by the sales of our Corporate Trust Services business and Wells Fargo Asset Management, which closed in fourth quarter 2021. 
 Fees from advisory account relationships with brokerage customers are charged based on a percentage of the market value of the client s assets. Services and obligations related to providing investment advice, active management of client assets, and assistance with selecting and engaging a third-party advisory manager are generally satisfied over a month or quarter. Trailing commissions are earned for selling shares to investors and our obligation is satisfied at the time shares are sold. However, these fees are received and recognized over time during the period the customer owns the shares and we remain the broker of record. The amount of trailing commissions is variable based on the length of time the customer holds the shares and on changes in the value of the underlying assets. 
 Asset management services include managing and administering assets, including mutual funds, and institutional separate accounts. Fees for these services are generally determined based on a tiered scale relative to the market value 
 of assets under management (AUM). In addition to AUM, we have client assets under administration (AUA) that earn various administrative fees which are generally based on the extent of the services provided to administer the account. Services with AUM and AUA-based fees are generally satisfied over time. 
 Trust services include acting as a trustee or agent for personal trust and agency assets. Obligations for trust services are generally satisfied over time; however, obligations for 

Wells Fargo Company 171 

Note 21: Revenue and Expenses (continued) 

 billion, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 
 
 OPERATING LOSSES Operating losses consist of expenses related to: 
 Legal actions such as litigation and regulatory matters. For additional information on legal actions, see Note 13 (Legal Actions); 
 Customer remediation activities, which are associated with our efforts to identify areas or instances where customers may have experienced financial harm and provide remediation as appropriate. We have accrued for the probable and estimable costs related to our customer remediation activities, which amounts may change based on additional facts and information, as well as ongoing reviews and communications with our regulators; and 
 Other business activities such as deposit overdraft losses, fraud losses, and isolated instances of customer redress. 
 Customer remediation 
 Other 
 Total operating losses 

Restructuring charges: 
 Current period restructuring charges 
 Changes in estimates ) Total restructuring charges 
 Payments and utilization ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 
 OTHER EXPENSES Regulatory Charges and Assessments expense, which is included in other noninterest expense, was billion, million, and million in 2023, 2022 and 2021 respectively, and predominantly consisted of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) deposit assessment expense. 
 billion (pre-tax), which will be paid over eight quarters beginning in June 2024. The amount of our special assessment may change as the FDIC determines the actual losses to the deposit insurance fund and evaluates any amendments by IDIs to uninsured deposit amounts reported for December 31, 2022. 

172 
 Wells Fargo Company 

new benefits accrue after that date. 
 Prior to July 1, 2009, eligible employees Cash Balance Plan accounts were allocated a compensation credit based on a percentage of their certified compensation; the freeze discontinued the allocation of compensation credits after 
 June 30, 2009. Investment credits continue to be allocated to participants accounts based on their accumulated balances. 
 We did make a contribution to our Cash Balance Plan in 2023. We do not expect that we will be required to make a contribution to the Cash Balance Plan in 2024. For the nonqualified pension plans and postretirement benefit plans, there is no minimum required contribution beyond the amount needed to fund benefit payments. 
 We recognize settlement losses for our Cash Balance Plan based on an assessment of whether lump sum benefit payments will, in aggregate for the year, exceed the sum of its annual service and interest cost (threshold). Settlement losses of million were recognized during 2022, representing the pro rata portion of the net loss in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) based on the percentage reduction in the Cash Balance Plan s projected benefit obligation attributable to 2022 

lump sum payments (included in the Benefits paid line in Table 22.1). There were settlement losses recognized during 2023. 
 Additionally, we sponsored the Wells Fargo Canada Corporation Pension Plan to employees in Canada (Canada Pension Plan), a defined benefit retirement plan. In June 2022, an annuity contract was entered into that effected a full settlement of this Canada Pension Plan, resulting in a plan settlement of million and a settlement loss of million. 
 Our nonqualified defined benefit plans are unfunded and provide supplemental defined benefit pension benefits to certain eligible employees. The benefits under these plans were frozen in prior years. 
 Other benefits include health care and life insurance benefits provided to certain retired employees. We reserve the right to amend, modify or terminate any of these benefits at any time. 
 The information set forth in the following tables is based on current actuarial reports using the measurement date of December 31 for our pension and postretirement benefit plans. 

Service cost Interest cost Plan participants contributions Actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlements, Curtailments, and Amendments ) Foreign exchange impact ) Benefit obligation at end of period Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contribution Plan participants contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlement ) Foreign exchange impact ) Fair value of plan assets at end of period Funded status at end of period ) ) Amounts recognized on the consolidated balance sheet at end of period: Assets Liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) 

Wells Fargo Company 173 

Note 22: Employee Benefits (continued) 

 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) ) ) Settlement loss Net periodic benefit cost ) ) ) ) Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income: Net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial gain (loss) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit (cost) ) Settlement (loss) ) ) ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive income ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 ) ) Net prior service cost (credit) ) ) Total ) ) 

174 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Interest crediting rate N/A N/A 
 
 Table 22.6 presents the weighted-average assumptions used to determine the net periodic benefit cost, including the impact of interim re-measurements as applicable. 

Table 22.6: Weighted-Average Assumptions Used to Determine Net Periodic Benefit Cost 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Pension benefits Pension benefits Pension benefits Qualified Non- qualified Other benefits Qualified Non- qualified Other benefits Qualified Non- qualified Other benefits Discount rate Interest crediting rate N/A N/A N/A Expected return on plan assets N/A N/A N/A 
 To account for postretirement health care plans, we used health care cost trend rates to recognize the effect of expected changes in future health care costs due to medical inflation, utilization changes, new technology, regulatory requirements and Medicare cost shifting. In determining the end of year benefit obligation, we assumed an average annual increase of approximately for health care costs in 2024. This rate is assumed to trend down - per year until the trend rate reaches an ultimate rate of in . The 2023 periodic benefit cost was determined using an initial annual trend rate of . This rate was assumed to decrease - per year until the trend rate reached an ultimate rate of in . 
 
 Investment Strategy and Asset Allocation 
 We seek to achieve the expected long-term rate of return with a prudent level of risk, given the benefit obligations of the pension plans and their funded status. Our overall investment strategy is designed to provide our Cash Balance Plan with a moderate amount of long-term growth opportunities while ensuring that risk is mitigated through diversification across numerous asset classes and various investment strategies, coupled with an investment strategy for the fixed income assets that is generally designed to match the interest rate sensitivity of the Cash Balance Plan s benefit obligations. The Cash Balance Plan currently has a target asset allocation mix of the following ranges: - fixed income, - equities, and - in real estate, private equity and other investments. The Employee Benefit Review Committee (EBRC), which includes several members of senior management, formally reviews the investment risk and performance of our Cash Balance Plan on a quarterly basis. Annual Plan liability analysis and periodic asset/liability evaluations are also conducted. 

Other benefit plan assets include (1) assets held in a 401(h) trust, which are invested with a target mix of - equities and - fixed income, and (2) assets held in the Retiree Medical Plan Voluntary Employees Beneficiary Association (VEBA) trust, which are primarily invested in fixed income securities and cash. Members of the EBRC formally review the investment risk and performance of these assets on a quarterly basis. 
 
 Projected Benefit Payments 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029-2033 

Wells Fargo Company 175 

Note 22: Employee Benefits (continued) 

Long duration fixed income (1) Intermediate (core) fixed income High-yield fixed income International fixed income Domestic large-cap stocks Domestic mid-cap stocks Domestic small-cap stocks Global stocks International stocks Emerging market stocks Real estate Hedge funds/absolute return Other Plan investments excluding investments at NAV Investments at NAV (2) Net receivables Total plan assets December 31, 2022 Cash and cash equivalents Long duration fixed income (1) Intermediate (core) fixed income High-yield fixed income International fixed income Domestic large-cap stocks Domestic mid-cap stocks Domestic small-cap stocks Global stocks International stocks Emerging market stocks Real estate Hedge funds/absolute return Other Plan investments excluding investments at NAV Investments at NAV (2) Net receivables Total plan assets 
 (1) This category includes a diversified mix of assets, which are being managed in accordance with a duration target of approximately years and years for December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and an emphasis on corporate credit bonds combined with investments in U.S. Treasury securities and other U.S. agency and non-agency bonds. 
 (2) Consists of certain investments that are measured at fair value using NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient and are excluded from the fair value hierarchy. 

176 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Other benefits plan assets December 31, 2022 
 Pension plan assets ) Other benefits plan assets 
 (1) Represents unrealized and realized gains (losses). 
 
 month of service, eligible employees may contribute up to of their certified compensation, subject to statutory limits. 
 With some exceptions, employees with of service who are employed in a benefit-eligible position on December 15 are eligible to receive matching contributions, which are dollar for dollar up to of certified compensation. The 401(k) Plan also includes a non-discretionary base contribution of of certified compensation for employees with annual compensation of less than 75,000. Eligible employees are vested in their matching contributions and base contributions after of service. Base and matching contributions are made annually at year end. The 401(k) Plan provides installment payment options to the existing lump sum and partial lump sum distribution options and offers optional investment advisory services. 
 Total defined contribution retirement plan expenses were billion in both 2023 and 2022, and billion in 2021. 

Wells Fargo Company 177 

U.S. State and local ) ) Non-U.S. Total current Deferred: U.S. Federal (1) 
 ) ) U.S. State and local (1) 
 Non-U.S. ) ) Total deferred ) ) Total 
 (1) In first quarter 2023, we adopted ASU 2018-12 Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 
 Change in tax rate resulting from: State and local taxes on income, net of federal income tax benefit Tax-exempt interest ) ) ) ) ) ) Tax credits, net of amortization (2) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Nondeductible expenses (3) 
 Changes in prior year unrecognized tax benefits, inclusive of interest ) ) ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) ) ) ) Effective income tax expense and rate 
 
 (1) In first quarter 2023, we adopted ASU 2018-12 Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 (2) Includes LIHTC proportional amortization expense, net of tax of billion in each of 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 (3) Includes amounts related to nondeductible litigation and regulatory accruals in all years presented as well as a nondeductible goodwill impairment in 2021. 

178 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Allowance for credit losses Deferred compensation and employee benefits 
 Net unrealized losses on debt securities Accrued expenses Capitalized research expenses (1) 
 Lease liabilities Other (1) 
 Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax assets valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax liabilities Mark to market, net ) ) Leasing and fixed assets ) ) Mortgage servicing rights ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Right-of-use assets ) ) Basis difference in investments ) ) Other (2) 
 ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability (3) 
 ) ) 
 (1) Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation. 
 (2) In first quarter 2023, we adopted ASU 2018-12 Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 (3) The net deferred tax liability is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities. 
 Deferred taxes related to net unrealized gains (losses) on debt securities, net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives, foreign currency translation, and employee benefit plan adjustments are recorded in accumulated OCI. See Note 25 (Other Comprehensive Income) for additional information. 

We have determined that a valuation allowance is required for 2023 in the amount of million, attributable to deferred tax assets in various state and non-U.S. jurisdictions where we believe it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will not be realized due to lack of sources of taxable income, limitations on carryback of losses or credits and the inability to implement tax planning to realize these deferred tax assets. We have concluded that it is more likely than not that the remaining deferred tax assets will be realized based on our history of earnings, sources of taxable income in carryback periods, and our ability to implement tax planning strategies. 
 , with the exception of U.S. Federal corporate alternative minimum tax credits that do not expire. 
 Table 23.4: Deferred Tax Assets Related To Net Operating Loss and Tax Credit Carryforwards (in millions) Dec 31, 2023 U.S. Federal tax credits U.S. State NOLs and credits Non-U.S. NOLs and credits Total net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards 
 We do t intend to distribute earnings of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries in a taxable manner, and therefore intend to limit distributions to non-U.S. earnings previously taxed in the U.S., that would qualify for the 100 dividends received deduction, and that would not result in any significant state or non-U.S. taxes. All other undistributed non-U.S. earnings will continue to be permanently reinvested outside the U.S. and the related tax liability on these earnings is insignificant. 

Wells Fargo Company 179 

Note 23: Income Taxes (continued) 

 Additions: For tax positions related to the current year For tax positions related to prior years Reductions: For tax positions related to prior years ) ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) Settlements with tax authorities ) ) Balance, end of period 
 Of the billion of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2023, approximately billion would, if recognized, affect the effective tax rate. The remaining billion of unrecognized tax benefits relates to income tax positions on temporary differences. 
 We account for interest and penalties related to income tax liabilities as a component of income tax expense. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we have accrued expense (benefit) of approximately ) million and million, respectively, for interest and penalties. In 2023 and 2022, we recognized income tax benefit, net of tax, of million and million, respectively, related to interest and penalties. 

billion of our gross unrecognized tax benefits. 

180 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Less: Preferred stock dividends and other (2) Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock (numerator) Earnings per common share Average common shares outstanding (denominator) Per share Diluted earnings per common share Average common shares outstanding Add: Restricted share rights (3) Diluted average common shares outstanding (denominator) Per share 
 (1) In first quarter 2023, we adopted ASU 2018-12 Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 (2) The balance for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, includes million, and million, respectively, from the elimination of discounts or issuance costs associated with redemptions of preferred stock. 
 (3) Calculated using the treasury stock method. 
 Restricted share rights (2) 
 (1) Calculated using the if-converted method. 

Wells Fargo Company 181 

) ) ) ) ) Reclassification of net (gains) losses to net income ) ) ) ) Net change ) ) ) ) ) Derivatives and hedging activities: Fair Value Hedges: Change in fair value of excluded components on fair value hedges (1) ) ) ) Cash Flow Hedges: Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period on cash flow hedges ) ) ) ) ) ) Reclassification of net (gains) losses to net income ) ) ) Net change ) ) ) ) Defined benefit plans adjustments: Net actuarial and prior service gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) ) ) ) Reclassification of amounts to noninterest expense (2) ) ) ) Net change ) ) ) Debit valuation adjustments (DVA) and other: Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period (3) ) ) ) ) ) Reclassification of net (gains) losses to net income Net change ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments: Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) ) ) ) ) Reclassification of net (gains) losses to net income ) ) Net change ) ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) Less: Other comprehensive income from noncontrolling interests, net of tax Wells Fargo other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) ) 
 (1) Represents changes in fair value of cross-currency swaps attributable to changes in cross-currency basis spreads, which are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recorded in other comprehensive income. 
 (2) These items are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost (see Note 22 (Employee Benefits) for additional information). 
 (3) In first quarter 2023, we adopted ASU 2018-12 Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 

182 
 Wells Fargo Company 

) ) ) ) Transition adjustment Balance, January 1, 2021 
 ) ) ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Net change ) ) ) ) Less: Other comprehensive income from noncontrolling interests Balance, December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income Net change ) ) ) ) Less: Other comprehensive loss from noncontrolling interests Balance, December 31, 2022 (3)(4) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income Net change ) Less: Other comprehensive income from noncontrolling interests Balance, December 31, 2023 (3)(4) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Substantially all of the amounts for fair value hedges are foreign exchange contracts. 
 (2) Substantially all of the amounts for cash flow hedges are interest rate contracts. 
 (3) In first quarter 2023, we adopted ASU 2018-12 Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts . For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 (4) AOCI related to debt securities includes after-tax unrealized gains or losses associated with the transfer of securities from AFS to HTM of billion and billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. These amounts are subsequently amortized from AOCI into earnings over the same period as the related unamortized premiums and discounts. 
 Wells Fargo Company 183 

Tier 1 Total Assets: Risk-weighted assets Adjusted average assets (1) 
 Regulatory capital ratios: Common Equity Tier 1 capital Tier 1 capital Total capital Required minimum capital ratios: Common Equity Tier 1 capital Tier 1 capital Total capital Wells Fargo Company Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 Regulatory leverage: Total leverage exposure (1) 
 Supplementary leverage ratio (1) 
 Tier 1 leverage ratio (2) 
 Required minimum leverage: Supplementary leverage ratio Tier 1 leverage ratio 
 Denotes the binding ratio under the Standardized and Advanced Approaches at December 31, 2023. 
 (1) The supplementary leverage ratio consists of Tier 1 capital divided by total leverage exposure. Total leverage exposure consists of adjusted average assets plus certain off-balance sheet exposures. Adjusted average assets consists of total quarterly average assets less goodwill and other permitted Tier 1 capital deductions (net of deferred tax liabilities). 
 (2) The Tier 1 leverage ratio consists of Tier 1 capital divided by total quarterly average assets, excluding goodwill and certain other items as determined under the rule. 
 At December 31, 2023, the Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1), Tier 1 and total capital ratio requirements for the Company included a global systemically important bank (G-SIB) surcharge of . The G-SIB surcharge is not applicable to the Bank. In addition, the CET1, Tier 1 and total capital ratio requirements for the Company included a stress capital buffer of under the Standardized Approach and a capital conservation buffer of under the Advanced Approach. The capital ratio requirements for the Bank included a capital conservation buffer of under both the Standardized and Advanced Approaches. The Company is required to maintain these risk-based capital ratios and to maintain a supplementary leverage ratio (SLR) of at least (composed of a minimum requirement plus a supplementary leverage buffer of to 

avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. The Bank is required to maintain an SLR of at least to be considered well-capitalized under applicable regulatory capital adequacy rules. 
 Capital Planning Requirements 
 The FRB s capital plan rule establishes capital planning and other requirements that govern capital distributions, including dividends and share repurchases, by certain large bank holding companies (BHCs), including Wells Fargo. The FRB conducts an annual Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review exercise and has also published guidance regarding its supervisory expectations for capital planning, including capital policies 

184 
 Wells Fargo Company 

billion at December 31, 2023, without obtaining prior regulatory approval. We have elected to retain higher capital at our national bank subsidiaries to meet internal capital targets, which are set above regulatory requirements. 

billion at December 31, 2023, without obtaining prior regulatory approval. 
 
 Cash Restrictions 
 Cash and cash equivalents may be restricted as to usage or withdrawal. 
 Segregated for benefit of brokerage customers under federal and other brokerage regulations 

Wells Fargo Company 185 

Interest income from subsidiaries Other interest income Other income ) ) Total income Expense Interest expense: Indebtedness to nonbank subsidiaries Long-term debt Noninterest expense Total expense Income before income tax benefit and equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Income tax benefit (2) 
 ) ) ) Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries (2) 
 ) Net income (2) 
 
 (1) billion, billion and billion in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), after tax: Debt securities Derivatives and hedging activities Defined benefit plans adjustments Debit valuation adjustments (DVA) and other 
 ) ) Equity in other comprehensive income (loss) of subsidiaries (1) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), after tax 
 ) ) Total comprehensive income (1) 
 
 (1) 
 186 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Loans to nonbank subsidiaries Investments in subsidiaries (1) (2) 
 Equity securities Other assets (2) 
 Total assets Liabilities and equity Accrued expenses and other liabilities (2) 
 Long-term debt Indebtedness to nonbank subsidiaries Total liabilities Stockholders equity (2) 
 Total liabilities and equity 
 (1) billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 ) Cash flows from investing activities: Equity securities, not held for trading: Proceeds from sales and capital returns Purchases ) ) ) Loans: Capital notes and term loans made to subsidiaries ) ) ) Principal collected on notes/loans made to subsidiaries Other, net ) Net cash provided (used) by investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings and indebtedness to subsidiaries ) Long-term debt: Proceeds from issuance Repayment ) ) ) Preferred stock: Proceeds from issuance Redeemed ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Common stock: Repurchased ) ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 
 
 Wells Fargo Company 187 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Wells Fargo Company: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Wells Fargo Company and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statement of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 20, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Assessment of the allowance for credit losses for loans (ACL) 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s ACL as of December 31, 2023 was 15.1 billion. The ACL includes the measurement of expected credit losses on a collective basis for those loans that share similar risk characteristics and on an individual basis for those loans that do not share similar risk characteristics. The Company estimated the ACL for collectively evaluated commercial loans by applying probability of default and severity of loss estimates to an expected exposure at default. The probability of default and severity of loss estimates are statistically derived utilizing credit loss models based on historical observations of default and losses after default for each credit risk rating. The Company estimated the ACL for collectively evaluated consumer loans utilizing credit loss models which estimate expected credit losses in the portfolio based on historical experience of probability of default and severity of loss estimates. The Company s credit loss models utilize economic variables, including economic assumptions forecast over a reasonable and supportable forecast period. The Company forecasts multiple economic scenarios and applies weighting to the scenarios that are used to estimate expected credit losses. After the reasonable and supportable forecast period, the Company reverts over the reversion period to the long-term average for the forecasted economic variables based on historical observations over multiple economic cycles. The Company estimated the ACL for individually evaluated commercial loans using discounted cash flow (DCF) or fair value of collateral methods. A portion of the ACL is comprised of adjustments for qualitative factors which may not be adequately captured in the loss models. 
 
 We identified the assessment of the ACL as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment of the ACL. Specifically, the assessment encompassed the evaluation of the ACL methodology for collectively evaluated loans, including the methods and models used to estimate (1) probability of default and severity of loss estimates, significant economic assumptions, the reasonable and supportable forecast period, the historical observation period, and credit risk ratings for commercial loans, and (2) the adjustments for qualitative factors that may not be adequately captured in the loss models. The assessment included an evaluation of the 
 188 
 Wells Fargo Company 

conceptual soundness and performance of certain credit loss and economic forecasting models. The assessment also encompassed the evaluation of the DCF and fair value of collateral methods and assumptions used to estimate the ACL for individually evaluated commercial real estate (CRE) loans. In addition, auditor judgment was required to evaluate the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. 
 
 We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the measurement of the ACL estimate, including controls over the: 
 development of certain credit loss models 
 continued use and appropriateness of changes made to certain credit loss and economic forecasting models 
 performance monitoring of certain credit loss and economic forecasting models 
 identification and determination of the significant assumptions used in certain credit loss and economic forecasting models 
 development of the qualitative factors, including significant assumptions used in the measurement of certain qualitative factors 
 evaluation of the DCF and fair value of collateral assessments used to determine the expected credit losses for individually evaluated CRE loans 
 analysis of the ACL results, trends, and ratios. 
 We evaluated the Company s process to develop the estimate by testing certain sources of data and assumptions that the Company used and considered the relevance and reliability of such data and assumptions. In addition, we involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 evaluating the Company s ACL methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 evaluating judgments made by the Company relative to the development, assessment and performance testing of certain credit loss models by comparing them to relevant Company-specific metrics and trends and the applicable industry and regulatory practices 
 assessing the conceptual soundness of the credit loss models, including the selection of certain assumptions, by inspecting the model documentation to determine whether the models are suitable for their intended use 
 evaluating the methodology used to develop the forecasted economic scenarios, the selection of underlying assumptions and the weighting of scenarios by comparing them to the Company s business environment 
 assessing the forecasted economic scenarios through comparison to publicly available forecasts 
 testing the historical observation period and reasonable and supportable forecast periods to evaluate the length of each period 
 testing individual credit risk ratings for a selection of commercial loans by evaluating the financial performance of the borrower, sources of repayment, and any relevant guarantees or underlying collateral 
 evaluating the methods and assumptions used to develop certain qualitative factors and the effect of those factors on the ACL compared with relevant credit risk factors and consistency with credit trends and identified limitations of the underlying quantitative models 
 evaluating the methods and assumptions used by the Company in the DCF and fair value of collateral assessments for individually evaluated CRE loans by evaluating the financial performance of the borrower, sources of repayment, and any relevant guarantees or underlying collateral. 
 
 We also assessed the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained related to the ACL estimate by evaluating the: 
 cumulative results of the audit procedures 
 qualitative aspects of the Company s accounting practices 
 potential bias in the accounting estimates. 
 
 Wells Fargo Company 189 

Assessment of the residential mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) 
 As discussed in Notes 1, 6, 15, and 16 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s residential MSR asset as of December 31, 2023 was 7.5 billion on an underlying loan servicing portfolio of 560 billion. The Company recognizes MSRs when it retains servicing rights in connection with the sale or securitization of loans it originated or purchases servicing rights from third parties and has elected to carry its residential MSRs at fair value with periodic changes reflected in earnings. The Company uses a valuation model for determining fair value that calculates the present value of estimated future net servicing income cash flows, which incorporates assumptions that market participants use in estimating future net servicing income cash flows. These assumptions include estimates of prepayment rates (including estimated borrower defaults), discount rates, cost to service (including delinquency and foreclosure costs), escrow account earnings, contractual servicing fee income, ancillary income and late fees. The estimated fair value of MSRs is periodically benchmarked to independent appraisals. 
 We identified the assessment of the valuation of residential MSRs as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment of the MSRs. Specifically, there was a high degree of subjectivity used to evaluate the valuation model and the following assumptions because they are unobservable and the sensitivity of changes to those assumptions had a significant effect on the valuation (1) prepayment rates, (2) discount rates, and (3) cost to service. There was also a high degree of subjectivity and potential for management bias related to updates made to significant assumptions due to changes in market conditions, mortgage interest rates, or servicing standards. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the assessment of residential MSRs, including controls over the: 
 assessment of the valuation model 
 evaluation of the significant assumptions (prepayment rates, discount rates, and cost to service) used in determining the MSR fair value 
 comparison of the MSR fair value to independent appraisals. 
 
 We evaluated the Company s process to develop the MSR fair value by testing certain sources of data and assumptions that the Company used and considered the relevance and reliability of such data and assumptions. In addition, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 evaluating the design of the valuation model used to estimate the MSR fair value in accordance with relevant U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 evaluating significant assumptions based on an analysis of backtesting results and a comparison of significant assumptions to available data for comparable entities and independent appraisals 
 assessing significant assumption updates made during the year by considering backtesting results, market events, independent appraisals, and other circumstances that a market participant would have expected to be incorporated in the valuation that were not incorporated. 
 
 Assessment of goodwill impairment 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s goodwill balance as of December 31, 2023 was 25.2 billion. The Company tests goodwill for impairment annually in the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may be impaired, by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. Management estimates the fair value of its reporting units using both an income approach and a market approach. The income approach is a discounted cash flow (DCF) analysis that incorporates assumptions including financial forecasts, a terminal value based on an assumed long-term growth rate, and a discount rate. The financial forecasts include future expectations of economic conditions and balance sheet changes, and considerations related to future business activities. The forecasted cash flows are discounted using a rate derived from a capital asset pricing model which produces an estimated cost of equity to the reporting unit. The market approach utilizes observable market data from comparable publicly traded companies and incorporates assumptions including the selection of comparable companies and a control premium representative of management s expectation of a hypothetical acquisition of the reporting unit. 
 
 We identified the assessment of goodwill impairment for the Consumer Lending reporting unit, which had 7.1 billion of allocated goodwill as of December 31, 2023, as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment. Specifically, the assessment encompassed the evaluation of certain assumptions used in the DCF analysis to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit, including (1) the future expectations of balance sheet changes and business activities used in the financial forecast and (2) the discount rate. 

190 
 Wells Fargo Company 

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s determination of the estimated fair value of the Consumer Lending reporting unit, including controls related to the: 
 evaluation of the future expectations of balance sheet changes and business activities used in the financial forecast assumption and 
 evaluation of the discount rate assumption. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of the financial forecast assumption for the reporting unit by evaluating historical performance and economic trends. We also evaluated the consistency of the financial forecast assumption by comparing the forecast to other analyses used by the Company and inquiries performed of senior management regarding the strategic plans for the reporting unit, including future expectations of balance sheet changes and business activities. We compared historical financial forecasts to actual results to assess the Company s ability to accurately forecast. In addition, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 evaluating the reasonableness of the financial forecast assumption for the reporting unit by comparing certain growth trends for the reporting unit to publicly available data for comparable entities 
 evaluating the discount rate assumption used in the fair value determination by comparing the inputs to the discount rate to publicly available data for comparable entities and assessing the resulting discount rate and 
 evaluating the reasonableness of the total fair value through comparison to the Company s market capitalization and analysis of the resulting premium to applicable market transactions. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1931. 
 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 
 February 20, 2024 
 Wells Fargo Company 191 

Quarterly Financial Data Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income Quarterly (Unaudited) 2023 2022 Quarter ended Quarter ended (in millions, except per share amounts) Dec 31, Sep 30, Jun 30, Mar 31, Dec 31, Sep 30, Jun 30, Mar 31, Interest income 22,839 22,093 20,830 19,356 17,793 14,494 11,556 10,181 Interest expense 10,068 8,988 7,667 6,020 4,360 2,396 1,358 960 Net interest income 12,771 13,105 13,163 13,336 13,433 12,098 10,198 9,221 Noninterest income Deposit and lending-related fees 1,568 1,551 1,517 1,504 1,522 1,647 1,729 1,815 Investment advisory and other asset-based fees 2,169 2,224 2,163 2,114 2,049 2,111 2,346 2,498 Commissions and brokerage services fees 619 567 570 619 601 562 542 537 Investment banking fees 455 492 376 326 331 375 286 447 Card fees 1,027 1,098 1,098 1,033 1,095 1,119 1,112 1,029 Mortgage banking 202 193 202 232 79 324 287 693 Net gains (losses) from trading and securities 1,105 1,246 1,032 985 (181) 872 (26) 796 Other 562 381 412 580 1,105 458 566 692 Total noninterest income 7,707 7,752 7,370 7,393 6,601 7,468 6,842 8,507 Total revenue 20,478 20,857 20,533 20,729 20,034 19,566 17,040 17,728 Provision for credit losses 1,282 1,197 1,713 1,207 957 784 580 (787) Noninterest expense Personnel 9,181 8,627 8,606 9,415 8,415 8,212 8,442 9,271 Technology, telecommunications and equipment 1,076 975 947 922 902 798 799 876 Occupancy 740 724 707 713 722 732 705 722 Operating losses 355 329 232 267 3,517 2,218 576 673 Professional and outside services 1,242 1,310 1,304 1,229 1,357 1,235 1,310 1,286 Advertising and promotion 259 215 184 154 178 126 102 99 Other 2,933 933 1,007 976 1,095 985 928 924 Total noninterest expense 15,786 13,113 12,987 13,676 16,186 14,306 12,862 13,851 Income before income tax expense (benefit) 3,410 6,547 5,833 5,846 2,891 4,476 3,598 4,664 Income tax expense (benefit) (100) 811 930 966 (29) 912 622 746 Net income before noncontrolling interests 3,510 5,736 4,903 4,880 2,920 3,564 2,976 3,918 Less: Net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests 64 (31) (35) (111) (235) (28) (166) 130 Wells Fargo net income 3,446 5,767 4,938 4,991 3,155 3,592 3,142 3,788 Less: Preferred stock dividends and other 286 317 279 278 278 279 279 279 Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock 3,160 5,450 4,659 4,713 2,877 3,313 2,863 3,509 Per share information Earnings per common share 0.87 1.49 1.26 1.24 0.76 0.87 0.75 0.92 Diluted earnings per common share 0.86 1.48 1.25 1.23 0.75 0.86 0.75 0.91 Average common shares outstanding 3,620.9 3,648.8 3,699.9 3,785.6 3,799.9 3,796.5 3,793.8 3,831.1 Diluted average common shares outstanding 3,657.0 3,680.6 3,724.9 3,818.7 3,832.7 3,825.1 3,819.6 3,868.9 

192 
 Wells Fargo Company 

Glossary of Acronyms ACL Allowance for credit losses HTM Held-to-maturity AFS Available-for-sale LCR Liquidity coverage ratio AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income LHFS Loans held for sale ARM Adjustable-rate mortgage LIHTC Low-income housing tax credit ASC Accounting Standards Codification LOCOM Lower of cost or fair value ASU Accounting Standards Update LTV Loan-to-value AVM Automated valuation model MBS Mortgage-backed securities BCBS Basel Committee on Banking Supervision MSR Mortgage servicing right BHC Bank holding company NAV Net asset value CCAR Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review NPA Nonperforming asset CD Certificate of deposit NSFR Net stable funding ratio CECL Current expected credit loss OCC Office of the Comptroller of the Currency CET1 Common Equity Tier 1 OCI Other comprehensive income CFPB Consumer Financial Protection Bureau OTC Over-the-counter CLO Collateralized loan obligation PCD Purchased credit-deteriorated CRE Commercial real estate RMBS Residential mortgage-backed securities DPD Days past due ROA Return on average assets ESOP Employee Stock Ownership Plan ROE Return on average equity FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board ROTCE Return on average tangible common equity FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation RWAs Risk-weighted assets FHA Federal Housing Administration SEC Securities and Exchange Commission FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank S P Standard Poor s Global Ratings FHLMC Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation SLR Supplementary leverage ratio FICO Fair Isaac Corporation (credit rating) SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate FNMA Federal National Mortgage Association SPE Special purpose entity FRB Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System TDR Troubled debt restructuring GAAP Generally accepted accounting principles TLAC Total Loss Absorbing Capacity GNMA Government National Mortgage Association VA Department of Veterans Affairs GSE Government-sponsored entity VaR Value-at-Risk G-SIB Global systemically important bank VIE Variable interest entity HQLA High-quality liquid assets WIM Wealth and Investment Management 
 
 Wells Fargo Company 193 

</EX-13>

<EX-21>
 6
 wfc-1231x2023xex21.htm
 EXHIBIT-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE PARENT The table below is a list of direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Parent as of December 31, 2023, and the state or jurisdiction in which the subsidiaries are organized. Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K, certain subsidiaries of the Parent have been omitted from this list because, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, such subsidiaries would not constitute a significant subsidiary as that term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X. 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization EVEREN Capital Corporation Delaware Omniplus Capital Corporation Delaware Peony Asset Management, Inc. Delaware Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network, LLC Delaware Wells Fargo Bank, National Association United States Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC Delaware Wells Fargo Equipment Finance, Inc. Minnesota Wells Fargo Funding, LLC Minnesota Wells Fargo International Solutions Private Limited India Wells Fargo Municipal Capital Strategies, LLC Delaware Wells Fargo National Bank West United States Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Delaware WFC Holdings, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 7
 wfc-1231x2023xex23.htm
 EXHIBIT-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on Form S-3, S-4, and S-8 outlined below of our reports dated February 20, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Wells Fargo & Company and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 File Number Form Description 333-269514 S-3 Universal Shelf 2023 333-270532 333-270532-01 S-3 Debt Shelf 2023 333-253886 S-3 Wells Fargo Direct Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan 333-154879 S-4 S-8 Wachovia Corporation 333-265104 S-8 Long-Term Incentive Plan 333-232389 S-8 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan 333-192903 S-8 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan 333-168819 S-8 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan 333-211639 S-8 401(k) Plan 333-200400 S-8 Supplemental 401(k) Plan 333-180997 S-8 Directors Stock Compensation and Deferral Plan 333-176266 S-8 Special Deferral Plan for Select Employees and Special Award Plan 333-275685 S-8 Deferred Compensation Plan 333-232390 S-8 Deferred Compensation Plan 333-207636 S-8 Deferred Compensation Plan 333-142941 S-8 Deferred Compensation Plan 333-260403 S-8 Wells Fargo Stock Purchase Plan 333-211638 S-8 Wells Fargo Stock Purchase Plan 333-161529 S-8 Wachovia Deferred Compensation Obligations 

Charlotte, North Carolina 
 February 20, 2024 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 8
 wfc-1231x2023xex24.htm
 EXHIBIT-24

Document 

Exhibit 24 
 
 WELLS FARGO & COMPANY 
 
 Power of Attorney of Director 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned director of WELLS FARGO & COMPANY, a Delaware corporation, does hereby make, constitute, and appoint STEVEN D. BLACK, a director and Chairman of the Board of Directors, THEODORE F. CRAVER, JR., a director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, and MARK A. CHANCY, CECELIA G. MORKEN, and RONALD L. SARGENT, directors and members of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, and each or any of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place, and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as such director of said Company to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, and all amendments thereto, to be filed by said Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C. under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and regulations of said Commission, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with said Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each or either of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney this 20th day of February, 2024. 
 
 s STEVEN D. BLACK s MARIA R. MORRIS s MARK A. CHANCY s FELICIA F. NORWOOD s CELESTE A. CLARK s RICHARD B. PAYNE, JR. s THEODORE F. CRAVER, JR. s RONALD L. SARGENT s RICHARD K. DAVIS s CHARLES W. SCHARF s WAYNE M. HEWETT s SUZANNE M. VAUTRINOT s CECELIA G. MORKEN 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.A>
 9
 wfc-1231x2023xex31a.htm
 EXHIBIT-31.A

Document 

Exhibit 31(a) 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Charles W. Scharf, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023, of Wells Fargo & Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s CHARLES W. SCHARF Charles W. Scharf Chief Executive Officer Date February 20, 2024 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 10
 wfc-1231x2023xex31b.htm
 EXHIBIT-31.B

Document 

Exhibit 31(b) 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Michael P. Santomassimo, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023, of Wells Fargo & Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s MICHAEL P. SANTOMASSIMO Michael P. Santomassimo Chief Financial Officer Date February 20, 2024 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32.A>
 11
 wfc-1231x2023xex32a.htm
 EXHIBIT-32.A

Document 

Exhibit 32(a) 

Certifications Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Wells Fargo & Company (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Charles W. Scharf, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s CHARLES W. SCHARF Charles W. Scharf Chief Executive Officer Date February 20, 2024 

</EX-32.A>

<EX-32.B>
 12
 wfc-1231x2023xex32b.htm
 EXHIBIT-32.B

Document 

Exhibit 32(b) 

Certifications Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Wells Fargo & Company (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael P. Santomassimo, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s MICHAEL P. SANTOMASSIMO Michael P. Santomassimo Chief Financial Officer Date February 20, 2024 

</EX-32.B>

<EX-97>
 13
 wfc-1231x2023xex97.htm
 EXHIBIT-97

Document 
 Exhibit 97 

 WELLS FARGO & COMPANY 
 Mandatory Clawback Policy 
 
 Effective as of October 2, 2023 (the Effective Date ), this Mandatory Clawback Policy (the Policy of Wells Fargo & Company (the Company ), as adopted by the Committee (as hereinafter defined), is as follows. 
 
 1. Purpose. 
 
 The Wells Fargo & Company Mandatory Clawback Policy (this Policy provides for the recoupment of Incentive-Based Compensation in the event of an Accounting Restatement, and is intended to comply with, and to be administered and interpreted consistent with, Listing Standard 303A.14 adopted by the New York Stock Exchange to implement Rule 10D-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (collectively, Rule 10D-1 ). Unless otherwise defined in this Policy, capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth in Section 2 below. 
 
 2. Definitions . For purposes of this Policy, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 2.1. Accounting Restatement means an accounting restatement due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any accounting restatement required to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 
 
 2.2. Board means the Company s Board of Directors. 
 
 2.3. Committee means the Human Resources Committee of the Board, except that the Board may determine to act as the Committee with respect to any portion of the Policy other than Section 4.3. 
 
 2.4. Covered Executive means any officer of the Company as defined under Rule 16a-1(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 2.5. Financial Reporting Measure means any measure determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements and any measure derived wholly or in part from such a measure. The Company s stock price and total shareholder return are also Financial Reporting Measures. A Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented within the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 2.6. Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation granted, earned, or vested based in whole or in part on the Company s attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure that was Received by an individual (i) on or after the Effective Date and after such individual began service as a Covered Executive, and (ii) who served as a Covered Executive at any time during the performance period for the Incentive-Based Compensation. 

Exhibit 97 

2.7. Incentive-Based Compensation is deemed to be Received in the fiscal period during which the relevant Financial Reporting Measure is attained, regardless of when the compensation is actually awarded or paid. 
 
 2.8. Recovery Period means the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date that the Company is required to prepare the applicable Accounting Restatement and any transition period as described under Rule 10D-1. For purposes of this Policy, the date that the Company is required to prepare the applicable Accounting Restatement is the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 
 
 3. Recoupment of Incentive-Based Compensation 
 
 In the event of an Accounting Restatement, the Company will recover reasonably promptly the amount of any Incentive-Based Compensation Received during the Recovery Period that exceeds the amount that otherwise would have been Received had it been determined based on the restated amounts. 
 
 4. Policy Administration 
 
 4.1. This Policy shall be administered by the Committee, which is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration thereof. 
 
 4.2. If the Committee determines the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation Received during a Recovery Period exceeds the amount that would have been Received if determined or calculated based on the Company s restated amounts, the excess amount shall be subject to recoupment by the Company pursuant to this Policy. For Incentive-Based Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return TSR ), the Committee will determine the amount based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the relevant stock price or TSR. In all cases, the calculation of the amount to be recovered will be determined without regard to any taxes paid. 
 
 4.3. The Company is authorized to take appropriate steps to implement this Policy and may affect recovery hereunder by (i) requiring payment to the Company, (ii) set-off, (iii) reducing compensation, or (iv) such other means or combination of means as the Committee determines to be appropriate. The Company need not recover the excess amount of Incentive-Based Compensation if and to the extent that the Committee determines that such recovery is impracticable and not required under Rule 10D-1, including if the Committee determines that (i) the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered after making a reasonable attempt to recover, (ii) recovery would violate home country law adopted prior to November 28, 2022, after obtaining the opinion of home country counsel, or (iii) recovery 
 2 

Exhibit 97 

 would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified broad-based retirement plan to fail the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 
 
 4.4. Any determinations made by the Committee under this Policy shall be final and binding on all affected individuals and need not be uniform among affected individuals. 
 
 5. Other Recovery Rights Company Claims 
 
 Any right of recovery pursuant to this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Company under applicable law, any employment agreement, plan or award terms, or the terms of any policy, including, but not limited to, the Company s Clawback and Forfeiture Policy and the Company s Malus and Clawback Policy for Identified Staff Team Members. Nothing contained in this Policy and no recovery hereunder shall limit the Company s right to dismiss any individual or limit any claims, damages, or other legal remedies the Company may have against an individual arising out of or resulting from any actions or omissions by such individual. 
 
 6. Reporting and Disclosure 
 
 The Company intends to file all disclosures with respect to this Policy in accordance with the requirements of federal securities laws. 
 
 7. Indemnification Prohibition 
 
 Notwithstanding the terms of any indemnification or insurance policy or any contractual arrangement that may be interpreted to the contrary, the Company shall not indemnify any individual with respect to amount(s) recovered under this Policy, including any payment or reimbursement for the cost of third-party insurance purchased by such individual to fund potential clawback obligations hereunder. 
 
 8. Amendment Termination 
 
 The Committee may amend or terminate this Policy from time to time in its discretion as it deems appropriate provided, however, that no amendment or termination of this Policy shall be effective to the extent it would cause the Company to violate any federal securities laws, Securities and Exchange Commission rule or the rules of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 
 9. Successors 
 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all individuals who are or were Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators, or other legal representatives. 
 3 

</EX-97>

<EX-99>
 14
 wfc-1231x2023xex99.htm
 EXHIBIT-99

Document 

Exhibit 99 
 
 Description of December 2006 Replacement Capital Covenant of 
 Wells Fargo & Company 
 
 On December 5, 2006, Wells Fargo Capital X issued 5.95 Capital Securities (the Capital Securities) and used the proceeds to purchase from the Parent 5.95 Capital Efficient Notes (the Notes) due 2086 (scheduled maturity 2036). When it issued the Notes, the Parent entered into a Replacement Capital Covenant (the Covenant) in which it agreed for the benefit of the holders of the Parent s 5.625 Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2034 that it will not repay, redeem or repurchase, and that none of its subsidiaries will purchase, any part of the Notes or the Capital Securities on or before December 1, 2066, unless the repayment, redemption or repurchase is made from the net cash proceeds of the issuance of certain qualified securities and pursuant to the other terms and conditions set forth in the Covenant. For more information, refer to the Covenant, which was filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 5, 2006. 

</EX-99>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 wfc-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 wfc-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 wfc-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 wfc-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 wfc-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

