<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240222_10-K_edgar_data_1512673_0001628280-24-006354.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26842128</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>696371</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>11370140</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6932797</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3917719</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3526678</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-006354.hdr.sgml : 20240222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240222161813
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-006354
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		166
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Block, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001512673
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				800429876
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37622
		FILM NUMBER:		24665053

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1955 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-375-3176

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1955 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Square, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110210

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-006354.txt : 20240222

10-K
 1
 sq-20231231.htm
 10-K

sq-20231231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ______________________ 
 FORM 
 ______________________ 
 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 Commission File Number 
 ______________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ______________________ (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 
 , 1 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of a share of the registrant s Class A common stock on June 30, 2023 as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on such date was approximately billion. Shares of the registrant s Class A common stock and Class B common stock held by each executive officer, director and holder of 5 or more of the outstanding Class A common stock and Class B common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purpose. 
 
 As of February 16, 2024, the number of shares (in thousands) of the registrant s Class A and Class B common stock outstanding were and , respectively. 

1 We have adopted a distributed work model and, therefore, have no formal headquarters. This address represents our "principal executive office," which we are required to identify under Securities and Exchange Commission rules. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page No PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 22 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 59 
 Item 1C. 
 C ybersecurity 
 59 
 Item 2. Properties 
 60 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 60 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 61 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 62 
 Item 6. [RESERVED] 
 64 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 65 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 85 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 87 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 150 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 150 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 151 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 151 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 152 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 152 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 152 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 152 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 152 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 153 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 156 
 Signatures 
 157 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as may, will, appears, should, expects, plans, anticipates, could, intends, target, projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, or continue, or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about our future financial and operating performance, our expectations regarding transaction and loan losses, the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses on loans held for investment, or increased delinquencies, and the impact of inaccurate estimates or inadequate reserves, our anticipated growth and growth strategies and our ability to effectively manage that growth, our ability to invest in and develop our products and services to operate with changing technology, the expected benefits of our products to our customers and the impact of our products on our business, our expectations regarding product launches, the expected impact of the integration of Afterpay Limited ("Afterpay"), trends in our markets and the continuation of such trends, our expectations related to our plans to cap our employee base, our plans with respect to patents and other intellectual property, our expectations regarding litigation and regulatory matters and the adequacy of reserves for such matters, our expectations regarding share-based compensation, our expectations regarding the impacts of accounting guidance and the timing of our compliance therewith, our expectations regarding restricted cash, and the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations to meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements. 
 
 We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects, business strategy, and financial needs. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 All forward-looking statements are based on information and estimates available to us at the time of filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are not guarantees of future performance. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. 

3 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Our Business 
 
 At Block, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, "Block" or "we"), we are building an ecosystem of ecosystems, each focused on distinct customer audiences. We define an ecosystem as a set of tools and services that work together cohesively, often positively reinforcing one another. This helps create resilient relationships with customers as they use our tools and services to satisfy multiple needs. Our ecosystems are united by our shared purpose of economic empowerment, with each ecosystem serving different people sellers, consumers, artists, fans, and developers. As we scale, we are focused on investing in developing connections between our ecosystems and by creating more connections to increase the resilience of our overall company. 
 
 On December 1, 2021, we changed our corporate name from Square, Inc. to Block, Inc. Block is the name for the company as a corporate entity. Since our start in 2009 with the Square business, we have added Cash App, TIDAL, and TBD as businesses. 
 
 Our two reportable segments are Square, formerly referred to as Seller, and Cash App, which reflects our two primary ecosystems and the manner in which the Company's chief operating decision maker ("CODM") reviews and assesses performance. We have historically allocated the financial results from our buy now, pay later ("BNPL") platform equally to the Cash App and Square segments. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we changed our management reporting structure and moved the business activities and management of our BNPL platform fully under Cash App. We believe that this transition will allow us to better focus on consumer based commerce as well as the development of its financial tools within Cash App. 
 
 Square Ecosystem 
 
 We started Block with the Square ecosystem in February 2009 to enable businesses ("sellers") to accept card payments, an important capability that was previously inaccessible to many businesses. As our company grew, we recognized that sellers need a variety of solutions to thrive and saw how we could apply our strength in technology and innovation to help sellers. We have since expanded Square into a cohesive commerce ecosystem that provides more than 30 distinct products and services to help our sellers start, run, and grow their businesses. We combine software, hardware, and financial services to create products and services that are cohesive, fast, self-serve, and elegant. These attributes differentiate Square in a fragmented industry that traditionally forces sellers to stitch together products and services from multiple vendors, and often rely on inefficient non-digital processes and tools. Our ability to add new sellers efficiently, help them grow their business, and cross-sell our products and services has historically led to continued and sustained long-term growth. 
 
 Cash App Ecosystem 
 
 Cash App provides an ecosystem of financial products and services to help consumers manage their money. Cash App s goal is to redefine the world s relationship with money by making it more relatable, instantly available, and universally accessible. While Cash App started with the single ability to send and receive money, it now provides an ecosystem of financial services focused on helping consumers make their money go further by enabling customers to store, send, receive, spend, invest, borrow or save their money with Cash App. 
 
 Emerging Ecosystems 
 
 We are also making modest investments in two relatively nascent and emerging ecosystems related to TIDAL and bitcoin, in order to serve new audiences. 
 
 TIDAL Ecosystem 
 
 In 2021, we completed the acquisition of a majority ownership interest in TIDAL, expanding our purpose of economic empowerment to artists. TIDAL is a global platform for musicians and their fans that uses unique content, experiences, and features to bring fans closer to artists and to provide artists with tools to succeed as entrepreneurs. TIDAL offers an extensive catalog of more than 132 million songs and 774,000 high-quality videos. TIDAL has a global presence with listeners in more than 60 countries and relationships with more than 200 labels and distributors. 
 
 4 

Bitcoin Ecosystem 
 
 Our bitcoin ecosystem includes TBD, which is an open developer platform focused on making the decentralized financial world accessible for everyone, our bitcoin hardware projects, which include Bitkey, a self-custody bitcoin wallet, a bitcoin mining system, Spiral, an independent team focused on contributing to bitcoin open source work. We believe our bitcoin ecosystem can help address inefficiencies in the current financial system, especially with respect to identity and trust. 
 
 Our Customers 
 
 Our Square Sellers 
 
 Square sellers represent a diverse range of industries (including services, food-related, and retail businesses) and sizes, ranging from sole proprietors to multinational businesses. Square sellers span geographies, including the United States, Canada, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, Ireland, France, and Spain. We believe the diversity of our sellers underscores the accessibility and flexibility of our offerings. We are also increasingly serving mid-market sellers, which we define as sellers that generate more than 500,000 in annualized Square Gross Payment Volume Square GPV ), due to our ability to offer more flexible and complex solutions than traditional alternatives, as well as a growing product suite. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, none of our customers accounted for greater than 5 of Square GPV. We define Square GPV as the total dollar amount of all card payments processed by sellers using Square, net of refunds, and ACH transfers. 
 
 In the year ended December 31, 2023, more than 4 million sellers used the Square ecosystem to make 4.0 billion individual sales transactions totaling 209.6 billion of Square GPV. These sales transactions originated from 733 million payment cards, across 271 million buyer profiles. 
 
 The charts below show the percentage mix of our Square GPV by seller industry and seller size for the year ended December 31, 2023: 

5 

Our Cash App Customers 
 
 As of December 2023, Cash App had 56 million monthly transacting actives across the United States and the U.K. In 2023, across the iOS App Store and Google Play, Cash App was the number one finance app and the number ten app overall in the United States, based on downloads. Cash App has a diverse mix of customers, and in the United States, Cash App had monthly transacting actives in each of the 50 states and nearly every county as of December 2023. 
 
 In 2023, Cash App transacting actives brought more than 248 billion in inflows into Cash App. Customers can fund their Cash App accounts with inflows in a variety of ways, including by receiving money from another Cash App customer through the app s core peer-to-peer transfer service, transferring money from a bank account, depositing mobile checks, adding physical cash at participating retailers, and receiving a recurring paycheck by direct deposit. In 2023, each Cash App monthly transacting active brought in an average of 384 of inflows in a given month during the year. A transacting active is a Cash App account that has at least one financial transaction using any product or service within Cash App during the specified period. Examples of transactions include sending or receiving a peer-to-peer payment, transferring money into or out of Cash App, making a purchase using Cash App Card, earning a dividend on a stock investment, and paying back a loan, among others. Certain of these accounts may share an alias identifier with one or more other transacting active accounts. This could represent, among other things, one customer with multiple accounts or multiple customers sharing one alias identifier (for example, families). 

6 

7 

Our Products and Services 
 
 Square Ecosystem 
 
 Our Square ecosystem consists of more than 30 distinct software, hardware, and financial services products that provide cohesive Commerce, Customer Relationship Management, Staff Management, and Banking capabilities. Our products are designed to be self-serve and intuitive to make initial setup and new employee training fast and easy, although we also offer full-service setup and support. They are also flexible enough to serve the needs of both small, single location and large, complex multi-location sellers. Our products are integrated to create a seamless experience and enable a holistic view of sales, customers, employees, and finances. We believe the breadth and depth of our products and services provide us unique advantages in best serving the needs of our sellers through a holistic view of their businesses. We supplement these first party capabilities with our open developer platform that enables integrations with third-party applications. We monetize these products through a combination of transaction, subscription, and service fees. 
 
 Strategic Priorities: Our focus for Square is on four priorities: maintaining our secure, and flexible multi-product platform, providing a local experience to sellers of all sizes, growing with artificial intelligence AI ), and further developing our banking offering. 
 
 Platform: It is critical that we have a strong foundation to build upon to serve external customers through our developer platform and partner ecosystem, and our internal team's first party products. This includes increasing reliability of our platform and also introducing products and features that are most important to our customers. 
 
 Local: Our go-to-market strategy is focused on verticals with a local approach, specifically restaurants and services-based businesses. Growing upmarket has shown us that even larger sellers want to feel authentic to their buyers. We can enable this type of robust offering through our technology and by improving the onboarding process through sales and account management. 
 
 Artificial Intelligence (AI): We are focused on enabling growth by leveraging AI to increase productivity and outcomes for our sales and marketing, customer service, and engineering efforts, in addition to building features that help sellers grow their businesses. 
 
 Banking: Our robust banking offering primarily helps our sellers manage cash flow and grow their business through our lending capabilities. We will continue to drive trust with our sellers, and build products and features that help with sellers accessing funds securely and timely. 
 8 

Commerce 
 
 Square's commerce products help sellers make sales and track orders, inventory, and fulfillment across in-person and online channels, as well as first-party and third-party channels. Most of our Square software products have a free tier (without a subscription fee), which we monetize only through transaction fees on card payments. Most software products also have premium tiers with additional functionality, which we monetize through subscription fees in addition to transaction fees on payments. 
 
 Square for Restaurants is a vertical solution tailored for both quick-service and full-service restaurants. It includes table, order, and course management; a kitchen display system; and revenue and cost reporting. 
 
 Square Appointments is a vertical solution tailored for appointment-based businesses that need a point-of-sale application with integrated booking capabilities. Square Appointments includes a free online booking site so buyers can easily schedule appointments and select their preferred time, service, and staff member. It is also integrated with Square Assistant, an AI-enabled automated messaging tool that responds to buyers efficiently and professionally, saving sellers' time and helping prevent missed appointments. 
 
 Square for Retail is a vertical solution tailored for sellers in the retail industry. It includes advanced inventory management, cost of goods sold reporting, purchase orders, vendor management, and barcode scanning. 
 
 Square Point of Sale is a general purpose point-of-sale application for businesses that need an easy-to-use, customizable point-of-sale solution that adapts across business types and stages. 
 
 Square Online makes it easy to build a website and online store as well as sell on Instagram and Facebook. The online store is mobile responsive, delivering an app-like ordering experience on a buyer s phone. With integrated support for QR code ordering, sellers can also streamline their in-store operations by posting the QR code and having their buyers order from their own phones. Fulfillment options include pickup, delivery managed by our sellers, and integrations with partner delivery platforms. Orders, items, inventory, and customer data stay in sync when selling both online and in-person. 
 
 Square Online Checkout makes it easy to sell online without a website by allowing sellers to create a checkout link with only a name and price for their good or service. 
 9 

Square Invoices is a customizable digital invoicing solution with integrated and secure online payment acceptance. This eliminates the need to print and mail statements to customers and wait for checks to arrive. Sellers use Square Invoices for upcoming, recurring, or previously delivered goods and services, such as catering orders, contractor services, lessons, and retail orders. Square Invoices also lets sellers send estimates and collect partial payments for goods and services. 
 
 Square Virtual Terminal allows sellers to use a computer as a card terminal. Sellers can take a payment, set up recurring billing, record sales, and send digital receipts for payments, including those made by check and bank transfer. 
 
 Risk Manager gives sellers insight into online payment fraud patterns and enables them to set custom rules and alerts to manage risk. Machine-learning algorithms automatically identify fraud patterns and adapt to fit a seller's operations. 
 
 Order Manager allows sellers to manage online orders that originate from Square Online, their own website on another platform, and third-party websites including online marketplaces such as DoorDash. Order Manager enables tracking open orders, managing prep times and busy times, and marking orders as completed. 
 
 Payment APIs (application programming interfaces) and SDKs (software development kits) support in-person, online, and mobile payments. Square Reader SDK enables developers to seamlessly integrate Square hardware with a seller s custom point of sale, allowing them to build unique checkout experiences such as self-ordering kiosks powered by Square s managed payments service. With Square's online payments APIs, developers can integrate Square payments into a seller s e-commerce website or online store. Square's In-App Payments SDK enables developers to build consumer mobile apps that use Square to process payments. These products are monetized primarily through transaction fees on payment volumes. 
 
 Commerce APIs: Square offers more than 30 commerce APIs, through which developers can create and manage orders, subscriptions, product catalogs, inventory, customer profiles, employees, loyalty programs, gift cards, and more to build applications that enrich and integrate with Square's ecosystem of products. In addition, these APIs enable developers to build integrations with their existing business systems such as accounting, customer relationship management CRM ), employee management, and enterprise resource planning ERP software. 
 
 For card payments, Square acts as the merchant of record for the transaction as well as the payment service provider PSP ). As the merchant of record, Square is the party responsible for settling funds with the seller and helps manage transaction risk loss on behalf of the seller. Square s managed payments offering for sellers includes payment dispute management, data security, and PCI compliance for a transparent transaction fee paid by sellers. Square has negotiated terms and entered into contractual arrangements directly with other service providers of transaction processing services, including the acquiring processors and card networks, and indirectly with issuing banks. These contracts include negotiated terms, such as more favorable pricing, that are generally not available to sellers if they were to contract directly with these sub-service providers. Square's position as the merchant of record helps us better serve our sellers. For example, as the merchant of record, we can more efficiently onboard new sellers through our website, leveraging our risk assessment models, and we have insights into transaction-level data that we use to inform our sellers and launch new products. 
 
 Hardware 
 
 Square custom-designs hardware that can process all major card payment forms, including magnetic stripe, EMV chip, and NFC (contactless). Sellers are able to accept cards issued by Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover, JCB, Interac Flash (in Canada), e-Money (in Japan), and eftpos (in Australia). Square hardware can be integrated with additional accessories such as cash drawers, receipt printers, scales, and barcode scanners to provide sellers with a comprehensive point-of-sale solution. Square's hardware portfolio includes the following: 
 
 Square Register is an all-in-one offering that combines our hardware, point-of-sale software, and payments technology. The dedicated hardware consists of two screens: a seller display and a customer display with a built-in card reader that accepts tap, dip, and swipe payments. 
 
 10 

Square Terminal is a portable, all-in-one payments device and receipt printer to replace traditional keypad terminals. It accepts tap, dip, and swipe payments and has a battery that lasts all day, enabling payments anywhere in the store. 
 
 Square Stand enables an iPad to be used as a payment terminal or full point-of-sale solution. It features an integrated contactless and chip reader. 
 
 Square Reader for contactless and chip accepts EMV chip cards and NFC payments, enabling acceptance via Apple Pay, Google Pay, and other mobile wallets. 
 
 Square Reader for magstripe enables swiped transactions of magnetic-stripe cards by connecting with an iOS or Android smartphone or tablet via the headphone jack or Lightning connector. 
 
 Customers 
 
 Square s Customer capabilities help sellers grow their business. By linking customer data together with online and in-person commerce data, Square can offer sellers integrated omnichannel capabilities to acquire, engage, and retain customers. Square transaction data and reporting allows sellers to easily assess performance and return on investment. We typically monetize these products via service and software fees. 
 
 BNPL helps drive net new demand to sellers via discovery in the Afterpay app and has historically increased average conversion rates and average transaction sizes for new and existing customers across online and in-store channels. 
 
 Square Loyalty helps sellers keep their buyers coming back. Buyers that enroll in a Square Loyalty program are twice as likely to be repeat customers and spend 50 more, on average. 
 
 Square Marketing helps sellers drive traffic by sending emails or texts to promote in-store events, new products, last-minute deals, or seasonal offers. Sellers can set up recurring automated campaigns to welcome new customers, wish them a happy birthday, send abandoned-cart reminders, or reach out to lapsed customers. 
 
 Square Gift Cards help sellers bring in new buyers when their customers purchase gift cards for their friends and family. 
 
 Staff 
 
 Square's staff management products give sellers digital tools to streamline their operations. These tools seamlessly integrate with other Square products eliminating the latent, time-consuming, and error-prone processes typically used to copy and sync data between disparate systems. We typically monetize these products via software fees. 
 
 Square Team Management makes it easy to schedule staff and view team performance and sales analytics in real time. It also enables limiting access to Square software features per employee or role. The Square Team App enables team members to clock in and out, view and adjust their schedules, and see timecards, hours worked, and estimated pay from their mobile phone. 
 
 Square Payroll allows sellers to pay wages and associated employee taxes, and offer employee benefits (e.g. 401(k) accounts). The Square ecosystem drives competitive differentiation for our Payroll product with the ability to use Payroll in conjunction with our point-of-sale products, Team Management, and Cash App. 
 
 Banking 
 
 We offer a growing number of banking services that make it easier for sellers to manage cash flow and get faster access to funds. 
 
 11 

Square Lending provides a platform of lending products to qualified Square sellers . Square Loans (formerly Square Capital) facilitates loans to qualified Square sellers through our subsidiary Square Financial Services, Inc. SFS Financial Services ), which is an industrial loan company ILC"). Square Loans eliminates the lengthy (and often unsuccessful) loan application process. We are able to approve sellers for these loans by using our unique data set of the seller s Square transactions to help facilitate loan underwriting and collections, which mitigates risks. Generally, loan repayment occurs automatically through a fixed percentage of every card transaction a seller takes. Loans are sized to be less than 20 of a seller's expected annual Square GPV and, by simply running their business, sellers historically have repaid their loans within nine months on average. We currently fund a majority of these loans from arrangements with institutional third-party investors who purchase these loans on a forward-flow basis, which mitigates our balance sheet and liquidity risk. Since its public launch in May 2014, Square Loans has facilitated more than 2.2 million loans and advances, representing more than 16.2 billion in principal amount loaned or advanced. This includes approximately 150,000 loans to small businesses representing more than 1.5 billion of Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans facilitated in 2020 and 2021, excluding canceled loans. We launched Square Credit Card in 2023 to provide another lending option. 
 
 Instant Transfer enables sellers to receive funds from their payments instantly or later that same day. Instant Transfer is an important tool for sellers that need faster access to their funds in order to better manage their cash flow or working capital. 
 
 Square Checking provides sellers with an FDIC-insured account that gives them instant access to their sales and the ability to immediately use those funds via a debit card (Square Debit Card), withdraw funds from an ATM, or transfer funds via ACH. 
 
 Square Savings is a high-yield business savings account, with no monthly fees or minimums, designed to make cash flow management easier for sellers. With Square Savings, sellers can easily and automatically put aside a portion of their sales in their savings account while also organizing their money within folders, streamlining the process of saving funds for specific goals and priorities, such as quarterly tax obligations. 
 
 Cash App Ecosystem 
 
 With Cash App, we are building an ecosystem of financial products and services that helps consumers manage their money by making it more relatable, instantly available, and universally accessible. Cash App is primarily in the United States and has a diverse set of customers across demographics and regions. We use our inflows framework to assess the performance of Cash App across actives, inflows per active, and the monetization rate on inflows. 
 
 Strategic Priorities 
 
 Cash App sits at the intersection of three traditionally-distinct use cases: financial services, community based transactions (peer-to-peer payments) and commerce. Our approach for Cash App is to combine these three areas together in a unique manner to define a new product category and reinvent banking for our customers. Our primary focus with Cash App, in alliance with our bank partners, is on earning the primary banking relationship of our existing customer base in the U.S. 
 
 12 

Customers can use Cash App to inflow funds in a variety of ways, including by receiving money from another Cash App customer through the app s core peer-to-peer transfer service, transferring money from a bank account, depositing mobile checks, adding physical cash at participating retailers, receiving a recurring paycheck by direct deposit, and through other inflow channels. These funds can then be sent to another customer through the app, spent anywhere that accepts Visa cards or Cash App Pay, withdrawn from an ATM using the Cash App Card, invested in stocks or exchange-traded funds ETFs ), used to buy bitcoin, or transferred to a bank account (either instantly for a fee or for free in one to three days). 

Financial Services 
 
 We serve our customers through a broad suite of financial services, and earning their trust is a key factor in how we can deepen our financial relationship with them. The breadth of our financial service offerings allows us to increase our share of wallet as well as expand our customer base to serve a wider variety of demographics. We develop trust with customers by offering reliable, easy, and secure access to their accounts and convenient support. We also adapt the amount of funds a customer can bring in through specific channels based on risk profile, and as we improve our understanding of a customer s identity. We believe building and maintaining deep trust with our customers will drive greater product adoption and increased inflows into our ecosystem. 
 
 Banking Services 
 
 Cash App Card is a debit card, issued by our bank partner, and linked directly to a customer s Cash App balance. Customers can order a Cash App Card for free and use it anywhere that accepts Visa cards to make purchases, drawing down from the funds stored in their Cash App balance. Cash App earns interchange fees when individuals make purchases with their Cash App Card. Customers can select new or promotional Cash App Card designs for a fee, and can also withdraw funds from an ATM using the Cash App Card. Customers can also purchase and send gift cards at specific merchants to other customers, and recipients can spend them with their Cash App Card. 
 
 Direct deposit capabilities, in alliance with our partner bank and system processor, allow customers to receive their recurring paycheck, tax refund, or government disbursement into their Cash App account, which they can then use to send, spend, store, or invest. 
 
 13 

Savings allows customers to hold a separate savings balance at our bank partner, and easily set and track towards financial goals. Customers can add money to Savings using their Cash App balance, a linked debit card, or through Round Ups on purchases with Cash App Card. 
 
 Cash Boost is a free and instant rewards program that offers customers discounts at specific businesses (e.g., 10 off a purchase on DoorDash) or at certain business types (e.g., grocery stores). Customers can select the Cash Boost they want to apply to their Cash App Card, and the discount is instantly applied to their Cash App balance for eligible transactions. Some Cash Boosts are selected and funded by Cash App, while others are funded by our partners. Costs related to the Cash Boost rewards program that are funded by Cash App are recognized as reductions to revenue. 
 
 Lending 
 
 We believe credit is an area within our financial services offerings where we can provide simple, fair, and accessible products that promote financial health. Cash App Borrow, our first credit product for consumers, allows customers to access short-term loans for a small fee. The product offers eligible Cash App customers up to 500 during a given month that they can pay back in scheduled installments or as a percentage of what they receive into Cash App. We determine a Cash App customer s eligibility based on prudent risk management by using our unique data set that includes a customer s inflows and engagement on Cash App. The average Cash App Borrow loan was repaid in less than four weeks in 2023. 
 
 Tax Preparation 
 
 Cash App Taxes provides a seamless, mobile-first solution for consumers to file their taxes for free. 
 
 Stock Brokerage 
 
 Customers can also use Cash App to invest their funds for free in U.S. listed stocks and ETFs. We believe this makes investing more accessible by giving customers access to hundreds of listed stocks and ETFs that they can purchase using their Cash App balance or a linked debit card for as little as 1. Once the order is filled, all investments are viewable through the stocks applet. 
 
 Bitcoin 
 
 We have a simple bitcoin exchange and custody solution that provides customers with an onramp and offramp to buy and sell bitcoin with Cash App for as little as 1 and a custodial account to store it securely without needing to keep track of any private keys. Our solution offers features that allow customers to complete auto buys and custom limit orders, as well as direct deposit to auto-convert their paycheck into bitcoin and earn instant bitcoin rewards on Cash App Card purchases. 
 
 We have also focused on payments through bitcoin. Given our network scale, we believe Cash App can help bitcoin evolve beyond an asset class to an investment that possesses real transactional utility, which is why we launched our offering in 2018 with the ability to deposit and withdraw bitcoin across the blockchain. We have since added the ability for customers to send bitcoin across the Cash App network to any phone number or Cashtag, creating an easy-to-use off-chain network for bitcoin payments that settles instantly between transacting actives. We also allow U.S. actives to send and receive bitcoin to/from anyone with a compatible wallet via the Lightning Network. The Lightning Network is a second layer technology applied to the bitcoin blockchain that enables faster transactions with little to no fees. 
 
 Community 
 
 Peer-to-peer payments form the basis of our Community development pillar because customers engage in financial transactions with other members of the Cash App community. When customers use peer-to-peer, they are inviting their friends, family, and coworkers to download Cash App so that they can send each other money. Peer-to-peer becomes more useful for our customers as their communities expand, so our customers are naturally incentivized to bring more people into their networks. We offer the peer-to-peer service to our Cash App customers for free when a linked debit account is used to fund a transaction, as we consider peer-to-peer to be a marketing tool to encourage Cash App usage. We charge a fee to the sender when transactions are funded using a credit card, and a fee to the recipient if it is a business account. 
 
 14 

Instant Deposit was the first feature we started monetizing on Cash App. Customers are able to instantly transfer funds from Cash App to a bank account for a small fee. We believe our customer base values fast access to funds, and this speed is one example of how we differentiate our ecosystem. 
 
 Commerce 
 
 Cash App is focused on driving greater commerce between consumers and merchants. Our BNPL platform facilitates commerce between retail merchants and consumers by allowing its retail merchant clients to offer their customers the ability to buy goods and services on a BNPL basis. Our BNPL platform serves as a connection point between our Square and Cash App ecosystems as we build out a marketplace that acts as a shopping destination for consumers to search for merchants and find offers. Our BNPL platform provides consumers the ability to get desired items now but pay for them later, while simultaneously helping merchants increase sales and order values. We have a range of products across our BNPL platform. 
 
 Pay in 4: Through the use of our BNPL platform, consumers can split their purchases into generally three or four installments, typically due in two-week increments, without paying fees (if payments are made on time). We pay retail merchants the full order value up front (less a percentage fee) and assume the risk of non-payment from the consumer. 
 
 Monthly Payment Solution: We also offer the ability for consumers to pay for larger transaction sizes over a six- or twelve-month period using a monthly payment option. The structure of the product includes no late fees and no compounding interest with a cap on total interest owed. 
 
 Advertising and affiliate: Our BNPL platform generates hundreds of millions of leads each year for merchants and has channeled this demand towards scaling an ads and affiliate program for its merchants: for affiliate relationships, we receive a commission when a consumer begins their shopping journey in the Afterpay App and makes a purchase. We may also receive digital advertising revenue based on clicks to a merchant site from the Afterpay App as well as flat fees for premium ad placements. 
 
 Shop directory: We operate an online shop directory, which allows consumers to search by product category for stores that offer Afterpay as a payment option. 
 
 Afterpay Card, Afterpay Plus Card: We offer two in-store cards that allow consumers to pay in 4 for in-person transactions at a merchant s point of sale. The Afterpay Card allows consumers to shop in-store at Afterpay merchants and is free for the consumer. The Afterpay Plus Card is currently available to select Afterpay consumers for a monthly fee and allows them to shop in-store anywhere that Apple Pay or Google Pay is accepted. 
 
 Cash App Pay 
 
 Cash App Pay is a simple, mobile-friendly way for Cash App customers to pay at merchants across online and in-person channels. As of December 2023, Cash App Pay is enabled for a subset of Square sellers that are using certain Square hardware and software products, as well as a subset of Afterpay merchants, and most recently launched with large payment service providers who can offer it to their merchants. With Cash App Pay, Cash App customers can pay by simply scanning a QR code or tapping a button on their mobile device at checkout. 
 
 Business Accounts 
 
 Cash App allows business accounts to collect payments for their business by accepting peer-to-peer transactions for a fee, while allowing higher weekly limits and providing relevant tax reporting forms. 
 
 15 

Sales and Marketing 
 
 Square Ecosystem 
 
 The Square ecosystem has a strong brand affinity among its sellers. Our Net Promoter Score NPS has averaged 54 over the past four quarters, which is nearly double the average score for banking providers. Our high NPS means Square sellers recommend our services to others, which we believe strengthens the Square brand and helps drive efficient customer acquisition. 
 
 Direct marketing, online and offline, has also been an effective customer acquisition channel. These tactics include online search engine optimization and marketing, online display advertising, direct mail campaigns, direct response television advertising, mobile advertising, and affiliate and seller referral programs. Our direct sales and account management teams also contribute to the acquisition and support of larger sellers. 
 
 Our direct, ongoing interactions with our sellers help us tailor offerings to them, at scale, and in the context of their usage. We use various scalable communication channels such as email marketing, in-product notifications and messaging, and Square Communities, our online forum for sellers, to increase the awareness and usage of our products and services with little incremental sales and marketing expense. Our customer support team also helps increase awareness and usage of our products as part of helping sellers address inquiries and issues. 
 
 In addition to direct channels, we work with third-party developers and other partners who offer our solutions to their customers. Partners expand our addressable market to sellers with individualized or industry-specific needs. Through the Square App Marketplace, Square partners are able to expand their own addressable market by reaching the millions of sellers using Square. As of December 31, 2023, Square had nearly 1,000 managed partners connected to its platform. 
 
 Cash App Ecosystem 
 
 Cash App has also developed a strong brand, which can be traced back to our compelling features, self-serve experience, unique design, and engaging marketing. 
 
 Peer-to-peer transactions serve as the primary acquisition channel for Cash App. Peer-to-peer transactions have powerful network effects as every time a customer sends or requests money, Cash App can potentially acquire a new customer or re-engage an existing customer. We have enhanced the efficiency of peer-to-peer transfers by streamlining the onboarding process for Cash App, enabling customers to sign up in minutes. We offer the peer-to-peer service to our Cash App customers for free, and we consider it to be a marketing tool to encourage the usage of Cash App. We do not generate revenue on the majority of peer-to-peer transactions and for these transactions we characterize card issuance costs, peer-to-peer costs, and risk loss as a sales and marketing expense. 
 
 Cash App also uses paid marketing, including referrals, advertising spend, partnerships, and social media campaigns, to expand its network, as these programs help reach new customers, enhance its brand, and improve retention among existing customers. 
 
 Additionally, we see the launch and advertising of new Cash App features as an important way to attract new customers and engage existing customers. Features such as Cash App Card and Boost rewards, bitcoin buying and selling, investing in stocks and ETFs, cross-border payments, Cash App Pay, and a tax preparation service enhance Cash App s utility for customers and provide reasons for consumers to try Cash App. 
 
 Product Development and Technology 
 
 We design both our Square and Cash App products and services to be cohesive, fast, self-serve, and elegant, and we organize our product teams accordingly, combining individuals from product management, engineering, data science, analytics, design, and product marketing. Our products and services are platform-agnostic with most supporting iOS, Android, and web. We frequently update our software products and have a rapid software release schedule with improvements deployed regularly. Our services are built on a scalable technology platform, and we place a strong emphasis on data analytics and machine learning to maximize the efficacy, efficiency, and scalability of our services. 
 
 16 

In our Square ecosystem, this technology platform enables us to capture and analyze billions of transactions per year and automate risk assessment for more than 99.95 of all transactions. Our hardware is designed and developed in-house, and we contract with third-party manufacturers for production. 
 
 Our Competition 
 
 Square Ecosystem 
 
 The markets in which our Square ecosystem operates are competitive and evolving. Our competitors range from large, well-established vendors to smaller, earlier-stage companies. We seek to differentiate ourselves from competitors primarily on the basis of our extensive commerce ecosystem and our focus on building remarkable products and services that are cohesive, fast, self-serve, and elegant. In addition, we differentiate ourselves by offering transparent pricing, no long-term contracts, and our ability to innovate and reshape the industries we operate in to expand access to traditionally unserved or underserved sellers. With respect to each of these factors, we believe that we compare favorably to our competitors. Competitors that overlap with certain functions and features that we provide include: 
 
 Business software providers such as those that provide point of sale, website building, inventory management, employee management, customer relationship management invoicing, and appointment booking solutions; 
 Payment terminal vendors; 
 Merchant acquirers; 
 Banks that provide payment processing, checking, savings, loans, and payroll; 
 Pen and paper, manual processes, and paper currency; 
 Payroll processors; and 
 Established or new alternative lenders. 
 
 Cash App Ecosystem 
 
 Cash App competes with other companies in peer-to-peer payments, debit and prepaid cards, credit card rewards, stock trading, tax filing, digital wallet, bitcoin exchanges, BNPL providers, and shopping and consumer demand generation. Our competitors include money transfer apps, prepaid debit card offerings, brokerage firms, tax firms, financial technology apps, banks, and crypto trading services. 
 
 We compete primarily on our differentiated lifestyle brand, the breadth of our network, the range of products in our ecosystem, and the simplicity and quality of our customer experience. We invest in brand, design, and technology to keep our products fast and simple, while also improving and expanding our features. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We seek to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on a combination of federal, state, and common law rights in the United States and other countries, as well as on contractual measures. It is our practice to enter into confidentiality, non-disclosure, and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, and into confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with other third parties, in order to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our confidential information and proprietary technology. In addition to these contractual measures, we also rely on a combination of trademarks, trade dress, copyrights, registered domain names, trade secrets, and patent rights to help protect our brand and our other intellectual property. 
 
 We have developed a patent program and strategy to identify, apply for, and secure patents for innovative aspects of our products, services, and technologies where appropriate. We also actively pursue registration of our trademarks, logos, service marks, trade dress, and domain names in the United States and in other jurisdictions. We intend to file additional patent applications as we continue to innovate through our research and development efforts and to pursue additional patent protection to the extent we deem it beneficial and cost-effective, including acquiring patent assets or licensing patent rights from third parties. In addition, we participate in a number of industry organizations that facilitate patent pools or non-assertion commitments, such as the Cryptocurrency Open Patent Alliance that we co-founded, LOT Network, and Open Invention Network. 
 
 17 

Government Regulation 
 
 Foreign and domestic legal requirements apply to many key aspects of our business. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with these requirements may result in, among other things, revocation of required licenses or registrations, loss of approved status, private litigation, regulatory or governmental investigations, administrative enforcement actions, sanctions, civil and criminal liability, monetary penalties, and constraints on our ability to continue to operate. It is also possible that current or future laws or regulations could be interpreted or applied in a manner that would prohibit, alter, or impair our existing or planned products and services, or that could require costly, time-consuming, or otherwise burdensome compliance measures from us. 
 
 Payments Regulation 
 
 Various laws and regulations govern the payments industry in the United States and globally. For example, certain jurisdictions in the United States require a license to offer money transmission services, such as Cash App s peer-to-peer payments, and we maintain a license in each of those jurisdictions and comply with new license requirements as they arise. We are also registered as a Money Services Business with the U.S. Department of Treasury s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network ("FinCEN"). These licenses and registrations subject us, among other things, to record-keeping requirements, reporting requirements, bonding requirements, limitations on the investment of customer funds, and examination by state and federal regulatory agencies. 
 
 Outside the United States, we provide localized versions of some of our services to customers, including through various foreign subsidiaries. The activities of those non-U.S. entities are, or may be, supervised by regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in which they operate. For instance, we hold an Australian Financial Services License issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission to provide non-cash payments in Australia, and we are licensed as an Electronic Money Institution to provide payments services and electronic money in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority and in the European Union by the Central Bank of Ireland and the Bank of Lithuania. 
 
 Our payments services may be or become subject to regulation by other authorities, and the laws and regulations applicable to the payments industry in any given jurisdiction are always subject to interpretation and change. 
 
 Consumer Protection 
 
 The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and other federal, local, state, and foreign regulatory and law enforcement agencies regulate financial products and enforce consumer protection laws, including those applicable to credit, deposit, and payments services, and other similar services. These agencies have broad consumer protection mandates, and they promulgate, interpret, and enforce rules and regulations that affect our business. 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering, Anti-Corruption, and Sanctions 
 
 We are subject to anti-money laundering ("AML"), anti-corruption, and economic, trade and sanctions laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions in which we operate. The anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, generally prohibit companies from making or offering improper payments to foreign government officials and political figures for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or to gain an unfair business advantage. Economic and trade sanctions programs that are administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Controls and equivalent applicable foreign authorities prohibit or restrict transactions to or from, or dealings with, specified countries, governments, individuals and entities that are specially designated nationals of those countries, including narcotics traffickers and terrorists or terrorist organizations. We have implemented an AML program designed to comply with the laws and regulations to which we are subject. 
 
 Bank Regulation 
 
 We obtained approval from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") and the Utah Department of Financial Institutions to open an ILC. The opening of Square Financial Services, Inc., our ILC, in March 2021 subjects us to direct state and federal regulatory supervision and requires compliance with applicable banking regulations and requirements. 
 
 18 

Lending Regulation 
 
 Various laws and regulations govern lending in the United States and internationally. In the United States, Square Capital, LLC holds and maintains lending and collections licenses with state regulators to support lending products offered across the United States. Afterpay US Services, LLC holds and maintains lending licenses to support its product offerings. These lending licenses subject us to the supervision and examination authority of state regulators, and our partnerships with FDIC-insured financial institutions to offer certain lending products to customers subjects us to federal regulatory supervision. 
 
 Outside the United States, we provide localized versions of some of our lending services to customers, including through our various foreign subsidiaries. The activities of our foreign subsidiaries are, or may be, supervised by regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in which they operate. For example, we hold an Australian Credit Licence issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
 
 Our lending services may be, or may become, subject to regulation by other applicable authorities or jurisdictions, and the laws and regulations applicable to the lending industry in any given jurisdiction are always subject to interpretation and change. 
 
 Broker-Dealer Regulation 
 
 Our subsidiary, Cash App Investing LLC ("Cash App Investing"), operates as a broker-dealer and is therefore registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). As a broker-dealer, Cash App Investing is subject to SEC and FINRA laws and regulations including, without limitation, how it markets its services, handles customer assets, keeps records, and reports to the SEC and FINRA. Cash App Investing is also registered in each state where we conduct business, and subject to those states securities laws and regulations. 
 
 Virtual Currency Regulation 
 
 We are subject to certain licensing and supervisory frameworks as a result of our Cash App offering, through which customers can use their stored funds to buy, hold and sell bitcoin, and transfer bitcoin to and from Cash App. We currently hold a New York State BitLicense and a Virtual Currency Business License in Louisiana. The laws and regulations applicable to virtual currency are evolving and subject to interpretation and change. Therefore, our current and future virtual currency services may be or become subject to additional licensing, regulatory requirements and oversight by other state and federal authorities. 
 
 Protection and Use of Information 
 
 We collect and use a wide variety of information for various purposes in our business, including to help ensure the integrity of our services and to provide features and functionality to our customers. This aspect of our business, including the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of the information we acquire from our own services as well as from third-party sources, is subject to laws and regulations in the United States, the European Union, and elsewhere. Accordingly, we publish our privacy policies and terms of service, which describe our practices concerning the use, transmission, and disclosure of information. As our business continues to expand in the United States and worldwide, and as laws and regulations continue to be passed and their interpretations continue to evolve in numerous jurisdictions, additional laws and regulations may become relevant to us. 
 
 Communications Regulation 
 
 We send texts, emails, and other communications in a variety of contexts, such as when providing digital receipts and marketing. Communications laws and regulations, including those promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission, apply to certain aspects of this activity in the United States and elsewhere. 
 
 19 

Additional Developments 
 
 Various legislative bodies and regulatory agencies in the United States and elsewhere in our international markets continue to examine a wide variety of issues that could impact our business, including privacy, data protection, information security, virtual currencies, identity theft, tax, marketing, and labor and employment matters. As our business continues to develop and expand, additional laws, rules and regulations may become relevant. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Historically, transaction-based revenue for our Square ecosystem has been strongest in our fourth quarter and weakest in our first quarter, as our sellers typically generate additional GPV during the holiday season. Subscription and services-based revenue generally demonstrates less seasonality than transaction-based revenue. Hardware revenue generally demonstrates less seasonality than transaction-based revenue, with most fluctuations tied to periodic product launches, promotions, or other arrangements with our retail partners. 
 
 Historically, our Cash App ecosystem has experienced improvements in revenue and gross profit related to the distribution of government funds as customers have deposited more funds into Cash App during these times, including during the first quarter when U.S. tax refunds are typically distributed. Certain products within Cash App may also experience stronger fourth quarters and weaker first quarters, such as our BNPL platform, which typically generates additional revenue and gross profit during the holiday season. Typical seasonality trends for the Cash App ecosystem are also impacted by bitcoin revenue, which is driven by customer demand and the current market price of bitcoin, and as such, may not be indicative of future performance and skew typical seasonality trends in the Cash App ecosystem. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 Our employees are a driving force behind our purpose of economic empowerment. Attracting, developing, and retaining top talent remain a focus in the development of our human capital programs. As of December 31, 2023, we had 12,985 full-time employees worldwide with 3,154 full-time employees outside the US. We also engage temporary employees and consultants as needed to support our operations. In November 2023, we announced we would implement an absolute cap of 12,000 on the number of employees we have at our company. We plan to operate below this cap through a combination of performance management, centralizing teams and functions to reduce duplication, and prioritization of our scope. We expect to keep this cap in place until we believe the growth of the business has meaningfully outpaced the growth of our company. 
 
 We have a purpose-driven culture, with a focus on employee input and well-being, which we believe enables us to attract and retain exceptional talent. We offer learning and development programs for all employees, as well as a robust manager training program. Employees have the opportunity to actively voice their questions and thoughts through many internal channels, including our company townhall meetings and bi-annual employee engagement surveys. Our distributed work model means that we no longer have a designated headquarters location and, for the vast majority of roles, employees have the flexibility to work within or outside a Block office space. Our distributed work model has unlocked opportunities to hire and retain talent in more locations, as we can hire employees in locations where we do not have office space, and employees can continue to work for us if they need or want to relocate. 
 
 A key focus of our human capital management approach is our commitment to promoting inclusion and diversity in our workplace. In 2023, we equipped managers with tools to build and lead inclusive teams, expanded professional development opportunities for employees from traditionally underrepresented backgrounds, and continued to elevate diversity as a central component of our recruiting strategy. Each year, we publish our workforce demographics to show how far we have come, where there is room to grow, and how our workforce is evolving. The 2023 report is available at: https://block.xyz/inside/report-workforce-data-2023. The contents of the report and our websites are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 From a total rewards perspective, Block offers a competitive compensation and benefits package, which is reviewed and updated each year. Our annual compensation planning coincides with our feedback cycle during which employees and managers have performance conversations to facilitate learning and career development. As part of our compensation review program, pay equity analyses are conducted annually. 
 20 

Corporate Information 
 
 Block was incorporated in Delaware in June 2009. In 2020, we adopted a distributed work model and we no longer have a designated headquarters location. Our principal executive office, which we are required to identify under Securities and Exchange Commission rules, is 1955 Broadway, Suite 600 Oakland, CA 94612. Our telephone number is (415) 375-3176. Our website is located at www.block.xyz, and our investor relations website is located at investors.block.xyz. The information contained in, or accessible through, our website is not part of or incorporated into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We use various trademarks and trade names in our business, including Block, Square, Cash App and Afterpay, which we have registered in the United States and in various other countries. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains trademarks and trade names of other businesses that are the property of their respective holders. We have omitted the and designations, as applicable, for the trademarks we name in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), are available, free of charge, on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such material with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The SEC also maintains a website that contains our SEC filings. The address of the site is www.sec.gov. 
 
 We webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on our investor relations website. Additionally, we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs as part of our investor relations website. We have used, and intend to continue to use, our investor relations website, as well as the X (formerly known as Twitter) accounts @Blocks and @BlockIR, as means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Further corporate governance information, including our board committee charters, code of business conduct and ethics, and corporate governance guidelines, is also available on our investor relations website under the heading Governance Documents. The contents of our websites are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 21 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making any investment decision with respect to our securities. The risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only ones we face. If any of the risks actually occur, our business could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 
 Our business operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those outside of our control, that could cause our actual results to be harmed, including risks regarding the following: 
 
 Risks related to our business and our industry: 
 our ability to retain existing sellers and customers, attract new sellers and customers, and increase sales to both new and existing sellers and customers; 
 our investments in our business and ability to maintain profitability; 
 our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our brands; 
 our efforts to expand our product portfolio and market reach; 
 our ability to develop products and services to address the rapidly evolving market for payments and financial services; 
 competition in our markets and industry; 
 risks related to disruptions in or negative perceptions of the cryptocurrency market; 
 any acquisitions, strategic investments, new businesses, joint ventures, divestitures, and other transactions that we may undertake; 
 the ongoing integration of Afterpay with our business; 
 risks related to our majority interest in TIDAL; 
 operating or expanding our business globally; 
 risks related to our BNPL platform; 
 risks related to the banking ecosystem, including through Square Financial Services, our bank partnerships, and FDIC and other regulatory obligations; and 
 additional risks of Square Loans related to the availability of capital, seller payments, interest rate, deposit insurance premiums, and general macroeconomic conditions. 
 
 Operational risks: 
 real or perceived improper or unauthorized use of, disclosure of, or access to sensitive data; 
 real or perceived security breaches or incidents or human error in administering our software, hardware, and systems; 
 systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events, and resulting interruptions in the availability of our products or services or those of our sellers; 
 any failure to safeguard the bitcoin we hold on behalf of ourselves and other parties; 
 our risk management efforts; 
 our dependence on payment card networks and acquiring processors; 
 our reliance on third parties and their systems for a variety of services, including the processing of transaction data and settlement of funds; 
 our dependence on key management and any failure to attract, motivate, and retain our employees; 
 our operational, financial, and other internal controls and systems; 
 any shortage, price increases, tariffs, changes, delay or discontinuation of our key components; 
 the integration of our services and our products with a variety of operating systems; and 
 difficulties estimating the amount payable under TIDAL's license agreements. 
 
 22 

Economic, financial, and tax risks: 
 a deterioration of general macroeconomic conditions; 
 any inability to secure financing on favorable terms, or at all, or comply with covenants in our existing credit agreement, the indentures, or future agreements; 
 our ability to service our debt, including our convertible notes and our Senior Notes (as defined below); 
 counterparty risk with respect to our convertible note hedge transactions; 
 our bitcoin investments being subject to volatile market prices, impairment, and other risks of loss; 
 foreign exchange rates risks; and 
 any greater-than-anticipated tax liabilities or significant valuation allowances on our deferred tax assets. 
 
 Legal, regulatory, and compliance risks: 
 extensive regulation and oversight in a variety of areas of our business; 
 complex and evolving regulations and oversight related to privacy, data protection, and information security; 
 litigation, including intellectual property claims, government investigations or inquiries, and regulatory matters or disputes; 
 obligations and restrictions as a licensed money transmitter; 
 regulatory scrutiny or changes in the BNPL space; 
 regulation and scrutiny of our subsidiary Cash App Investing, which is a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and a member of FINRA, including net capital and other regulatory capital requirements; 
 changes to our business practices imposed by FINRA based on our ownership of Cash App Investing; 
 regulation and scrutiny of our subsidiary Square Financial Services, which is a Utah state-chartered industrial loan company, including the requirement that we serve as a source of financial strength to it; 
 supervision and regulation of Square Financial Services, including the Dodd-Frank Act and its related regulations; 
 any inability to protect our intellectual property rights; 
 assertions by third parties of infringement of intellectual property rights by us; and 
 increased scrutiny from investors, regulators, and other stakeholders relating to environmental, social, and governance issues. 
 
 Risks related to ownership of our common stock: 
 the dual class structure of our common stock; 
 volatility of the market price of our Class A common stock; 
 the dual-listing of our Class A common stock on the NYSE and our CHESS Depositary Interests ("CDIs") on the Australian Securities Exchange ("ASX"); 
 our convertible note hedge and warrant transactions; 
 anti-takeover provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws, and provisions of Delaware law; and 
 exclusive forum provisions in our bylaws. 
 
 23 

Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry 
 
 Our growth rate has slowed at times and may slow or decline in the future, and our growth rates in each of our reporting segments may vary. Future revenue and gross profit growth depends on our ability to retain existing sellers and customers, attract new sellers and customers, and increase sales to both new and existing sellers and customers. 
 
 Our rate of revenue and gross profit growth has slowed at times and may decline in the future, and it may slow or decline more quickly than we expect for a variety of reasons, including the risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, our rate of revenue and gross profit growth may vary between our reporting segments. For example, in recent periods our Cash App segment revenue has grown at a high rate, which has varied and may continue to vary from the growth rate of our Square segment. Our sellers and customers have no obligation to continue to use our services, and we cannot assure you that they will. We generally do not have long-term contracts with our sellers and customers, and the difficulty and costs associated with switching to a competitor may not be significant for many of the services we offer. Our sellers activity with us may decrease for a variety of reasons, including sellers level of satisfaction with our products and services, our pricing and the pricing and quality of competing products or services, the effects of economic conditions, or reductions in the aggregate spending of our sellers customers. Growth in transacting actives on Cash App and customers level of engagement with our products and services on Cash App are essential to our success and long-term financial performance. However, the growth rate of transacting actives has fluctuated over time, and it may slow or decline in the future. A number of factors have affected and could negatively affect Cash App customer growth, inflows, and engagement levels, including our ability to introduce new products and services that are compelling to our customers and that they adopt, changes to our systems, processes or other technical or operational requirements that impact how customers use or access our products and services, the impact on our network of other customers choosing whether to use Cash App, our decision to expand into or exit certain markets, technical or other problems that affect customer experience, failure to provide sufficient customer support, fraud and scams targeting Cash App customers, and harm to our reputation and brand. Further, certain events or programs, such as government stimulus programs may correlate with periods of significant growth, but such growth may not be sustainable. Additionally, the growth rate of Cash App revenue may be distorted by the prices of bitcoin, as bitcoin revenue may increase or decrease due to changes in the price of, and demand for, bitcoin and may not correlate to customer or engagement growth rates. 
 
 The growth of our business depends in part on our existing sellers and customers expanding their use of our products and services. If we are unable to encourage broader use of our products and services within each of our ecosystems by our existing sellers and customers, our growth may slow or stop, and our business may be materially and adversely affected. The growth of our business also depends on our ability to attract new sellers and customers, to encourage sellers and customers to use our products and services, and to introduce successful new products and services. We have invested and will continue to invest in our business in order to offer better or new features, products, and services and to adjust our product offerings to changing economic conditions, but if those features, products, services, and changes fail to be successful on the expected timeline or at all, our growth may slow or decline. 
 
 We have generated significant net losses in the past, and we intend to continue to invest in our business. Thus, we may not be able to maintain profitability. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we generated a net income of 9.8 million. As of December 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of 528.4 million. 
 
 We intend to continue to make investments in our business, including with respect to our employee base, sales and marketing, development of new products, services, and features; acquisitions; infrastructure; expansion of international operations, and general administration, including legal, finance, and other compliance expenses related to our business. If the costs associated with acquiring and supporting new or larger sellers, attracting and supporting new Cash App customers, or with developing and supporting our products and services materially increase in the future, including the fees we pay to third parties to advertise our products and services, our expenses may rise significantly. In addition, increases in our seller base could cause us to incur increased losses because costs associated with new sellers are generally incurred up front, while revenue is recognized in future periods as our products and services are used by our sellers. Moreover, businesses we acquire may have different profitability than our existing business, which may affect our overall profitability, particularly until we are able to realize expected synergies. For example, prior to its acquisition, Afterpay historically generated net losses. If we are unable to generate adequate revenue growth and manage our expenses, we may incur significant losses and may not maintain profitability on a consistent basis. 
 
 24 

From time to time, we have made and may make decisions that will have a negative effect on our short-term operating results if we believe those decisions will improve our operating results over the long term. For example, from time to time, we have implemented expense cuts and reduced the size of our workforce to, among other things, align our cost structure with our business and longer term strategies, which may increase expenses in the short term and impact our ability to grow or quickly develop and introduce products. These decisions may not be consistent with the expectations of investors and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our business depends on our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our brands. 
 
 Having a strong and trusted brand has contributed significantly to the success of our business. We believe that maintaining, promoting, and enhancing the Square, Cash App, TIDAL, Afterpay, and our other brands, in a cost-effective manner is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our products and services and expanding our base of customers. Maintaining and promoting our brands will depend largely on our ability to continue to provide useful, reliable, secure, and innovative products and services, as well as our ability to maintain trust and be a technology leader. We may introduce, or make changes to, features, products, services, privacy practices, or terms of service that customers do not like, which may materially and adversely affect our brands. Our brand promotion activities may not generate customer awareness or increase revenue, and even if they do, any increase in revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brands. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brands or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 The introduction and promotion of new products and services, as well as the promotion of existing products and services, may be partly dependent on our visibility on third-party advertising platforms, such as Google, Facebook, or X. Changes in the way these platforms operate or changes in their advertising prices, data use practices or other terms could make the maintenance and promotion of our products and services and our brands more expensive or more difficult. If we are unable to market and promote our brands on third-party platforms effectively, our ability to acquire new customers would be materially harmed. We also use retail partners to sell hardware and acquire sellers for Square. Our ability to acquire new sellers could be materially harmed if we are unable to enter into or maintain these partnerships on terms that are commercially reasonable to us, or at all. 
 
 Harm to our brands can arise from many sources, including failure by us or our partners and service providers to satisfy expectations of service and quality; inadequate protection or misuse of sensitive information; fraud committed by third parties using our products or applications; compliance failures and claims; litigation, regulatory and other claims; errors caused by us or our partners; and misconduct by our partners, service providers, or other counterparties. We have also been from time to time in the past, and may in the future be, the target of incomplete, inaccurate, and misleading or false statements about our company and our business that could damage our reputation and brands and deter customers from adopting our services or our products. In addition, negative statements about us can cause and have caused a decline in the market price of our Class A common stock, divert our management s attention and resources, and could cause other adverse impacts to our business. Partners and influencers or other third parties with whom we maintain relationships could engage in behavior or use their platforms to communicate directly with our sellers and customers in a manner that reflects poorly on our brands and such behavior or communications may adversely affect us. Further, negative publicity or commentary regarding the partners and influencers or other third parties who are, or are perceived to be, affiliated with us may also damage our reputation, even if the negative publicity or commentary is not directly related to us. Any negative publicity about the industries we operate in or our company, the quality and reliability of our products and services, our risk management processes, changes to our products and services, our ability to effectively manage and resolve customer complaints, our privacy, data protection, and information security practices, litigation, regulatory activity, policy positions, and the experience of our sellers and customers with us, our products or services could adversely affect our reputation and the confidence in and use of our products and services. If we do not successfully maintain, protect or enhance our brands, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 25 

Our efforts to expand our product portfolio and market reach, including through acquisitions, may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth and profitability. 
 
 We intend to continue to broaden the scope of products and services we offer. However, we may not be successful in maintaining or growing our revenue, or deriving any significant new revenue streams from these products and services. Failure to successfully broaden the scope of products and services that are attractive may inhibit our growth and harm our business. Furthermore, we expect to continue to expand our markets in the future, and we may have limited or no experience in such newer markets. We cannot assure you that any of our products or services will be widely accepted in any market or that they will grow in revenue or contribute to our profitability. Our offerings may present new and difficult technological, operational, and regulatory risks, and other challenges, and if we experience service disruptions, failures, or other issues, our business may be materially and adversely affected. Our expansion into newer markets may not lead to growth and may require significant investment of financial resources and of management time and attention, and we may not be able to recoup our investments in a timely manner or at all. If any of this were to occur, it could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our long-term success depends on our ability to develop products and services to address the rapidly evolving market for payments and financial services, and, if we are not able to implement successful enhancements and new features for our products and services, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Rapid and significant technological changes continue to confront the industries in which we operate, including developments in omnichannel commerce, proximity payment devices (including contactless payments via NFC technology), digital banking, mobile financial apps, cryptocurrencies, tokenization (e.g., replacing sensitive data such as payment card information with symbols (tokens) to keep the data safe), blockchain, and artificial intelligence ("AI"), including machine learning. 
 
 These new and evolving services and technologies may be superior to, impair, or render obsolete the products and services we currently offer or the technologies we currently use to provide them. Our ability to develop new products and services may be inhibited by industry-wide standards, payment card networks, existing and future laws and regulations, resistance to change from our customers, which includes our sellers and their customers, or third parties intellectual property rights. Incorporating new technologies into our products and services may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time, and we may not be successful in realizing a return on our efforts in a timely manner or at all. 
 
 Our success will depend on our ability to develop new technologies, to adapt to technology changes and evolving industry standards, to incorporate new technologies into our products and services, and to provide products and services that are tailored to specific needs and requirements of our customers. For example, generative AI has become more publicly available and enterprise adoption of generative AI has grown. We have incorporated and expect to continue to incorporate AI features into our products and technologies and our success will depend in part on our ability to do so in a way that is compelling to our customers. If we are unable to provide enhancements and new features for our products and services or to develop new products and services that achieve market acceptance or that keep pace with rapid technological developments and evolving industry standards, our business would be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We often rely, not only on our own initiatives and innovations, but also on third parties, including some of our competitors, for the development of and access to new technologies and development of a robust market for these new products and technologies. Failure to accurately predict or to respond effectively to developments in our industry may significantly impair our business. In addition, because our products and services are designed to operate with a variety of systems, infrastructures, and devices, we need to continuously modify and enhance our products and services to keep pace with changes in technologies. Any failure of our products and services to continue to operate effectively with third-party infrastructures and technologies could reduce the demand for our products and services, result in dissatisfaction of our customers, and materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 26 

Substantial and increasingly intense competition in our markets and industry may harm our business. 
 
 We compete in markets characterized by vigorous competition, changing technology, evolving industry standards, changing customer needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. We expect competition to intensify in the future as existing and new competitors introduce new services or enhance existing services. For example, companies not traditionally associated with the payments industry have introduced products or services that are or may become competitive with our business. We compete against many companies to attract customers across our products and services, and some of these companies have greater financial resources and substantially larger bases of customers than we do, which may provide them with significant competitive advantages. These companies may devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of products and services, may achieve economies of scale due to the size of their customer bases, and may more effectively introduce their own innovative products and services that adversely impact our growth. For example, a number of competitors offer BNPL products. Competitors in the BNPL space have engaged in, and may continue to engage in, aggressive consumer acquisition campaigns, may develop superior technology offerings, or consolidate with other entities and achieve benefits of scale. Such competitive pressures may materially erode our existing market share in the BNPL space and may hinder our expansion into new markets. In addition, mergers and acquisitions by, and collaborations between, the companies we compete against may lead to even larger competitors with more resources. 
 
 Certain sellers have long-standing exclusive, or nearly exclusive, relationships with our competitors to accept payment cards and other services that compete with what we offer. These relationships can make it difficult or cost-prohibitive for us to conduct material amounts of business with them. Competing services tied to established brands may engender greater confidence in the safety and efficacy of their services. If we are unable to differentiate ourselves from and successfully compete with our competitors, our business will be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We may also face pricing pressures from competitors. Some competitors may offer lower prices by cross-subsidizing certain services that we also provide through other products they offer. Such competition may result in the need for us to alter our pricing and could reduce our gross profit. Also, sellers may demand more customized and favorable pricing from us, and competitive pressures may require us to agree to such pricing, reducing our gross profit. We currently negotiate pricing discounts and other incentive arrangements with certain large sellers to increase acceptance and usage of our products and services. If we continue this practice and if an increasing proportion of our sellers are large sellers, we may have to increase the discounts or incentives we provide, which could also reduce our gross profit. 
 
 Developments in the cryptocurrency market subject us to additional risks. 
 
 Our investments in bitcoin, our bitcoin ecosystem, and our Cash App feature that permits customers to transact in bitcoin, subject us to additional risks related to any further developments in the cryptocurrency markets and the resulting impact on customer and investor behavior. We may experience adverse impacts to our business as a result of the downstream effects of the bankruptcies filed by certain cryptocurrency market participants, its severity, and the actions taken by regulators to address its impact. Enforcement actions by U.S. regulators against major crypto asset platforms and negative publicity associated with crypto asset activities may, among other things, result in a decline in confidence or interest in crypto assets. If the cryptocurrency environment deteriorates, our customers may wish to sell their bitcoin at a price or volume that exceeds the market demand for bitcoin, which could cause disruptions in our operations and have a material and adverse effect on our business and financial condition. If our customers experience losses due to market fluctuations in the prices of bitcoin, they may reduce or cease their use of Cash App and our results of operations may be adversely impacted. Further, our customers could attempt to seek compensation from us for their financial investment losses, and those claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly for us to address. 
 
 Deteriorations in the cryptocurrency markets may also have an adverse effect on our reputation, and any negative perception by our customers of one or more cryptocurrencies may lead to a loss of customer demand for our products and services, any of which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition. We may also suffer a decline in the market price of our Class A common stock due to any negative perception by our customers, investors, or the general public, of bitcoin or the cryptocurrency markets. 
 
 27 

Acquisitions, strategic investments, new businesses, joint ventures, divestitures, and other transactions we enter into could fail to achieve strategic objectives, disrupt our ongoing operations or result in operating difficulties, liabilities and expenses, harm our business, and negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 In pursuing our business strategy, we routinely conduct discussions and evaluate opportunities for possible acquisitions, strategic investments, new businesses, joint ventures, divestitures, and other transactions. We have in the past acquired or invested in, and we continue to seek to acquire or invest in, businesses, technologies, or other assets that we believe could complement or expand our business, including acquisitions of new lines of business that are adjacent to or outside of our existing ecosystems or geographic territories. As we grow, the pace and scale of our acquisitions may increase and may include larger acquisitions than we have done historically. The identification, evaluation, and negotiation of potential acquisition or strategic investment transactions may divert the attention of management and entail various expenses, whether or not such transactions are ultimately completed. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying, negotiating, and consummating favorable transaction opportunities. In addition to transaction and opportunity costs, these transactions involve large challenges and risks, whether or not such transactions are completed, including risks that: 
 
 the transaction may not advance our business strategy or may harm our growth, profitability, or reputation; 
 
 we may not be able to secure required regulatory approvals or otherwise satisfy closing conditions for a proposed transaction in a timely manner, or at all; 
 
 the transaction may subject us to additional regulatory burdens that affect our business in potentially unanticipated and significantly negative ways; 
 
 we may not realize a satisfactory return on our investment or increase our revenue; 
 
 we may experience difficulty, and may not be successful in, integrating technologies, IT or business enterprise systems, culture, or management or other personnel of the acquired business; 
 
 we may incur significant acquisition costs and transition costs, including in connection with the assumption of ongoing expenses of the acquired business; 
 
 we may not realize the expected benefits or synergies from the transaction in the expected time period, or at all, which may result in impairment charges, costs of winding down acquired operations or other negative impacts to our business; 
 
 we may be unable to retain key personnel; 
 
 acquired businesses or businesses that we invest in may not have adequate controls, processes, and procedures to ensure compliance with laws and regulations, including with respect to data privacy, data protection, and information security, and our due diligence process may not identify compliance issues or other liabilities. Moreover, acquired businesses technology stacks may add complexity, resource constraints, and legacy technological challenges that make it difficult and time consuming to achieve such adequate controls, processes, and procedures. 
 
 we may fail to identify or assess the magnitude of certain liabilities, shortcomings, or other circumstances prior to acquiring or investing in a business, which could result in additional financial, legal, regulatory, or tax exposure and may subject us to additional controls, policies, procedures, liabilities, litigation, costs of compliance or remediation, or other adverse effects on our business, operating results, or financial condition; 
 
 we may have difficulty entering into new market segments or new geographic territories; 
 
 we may be unable to retain the customers, vendors, and partners of acquired businesses; 
 
 there may be lawsuits or regulatory actions resulting from the transaction; 
 
 28 

there may be risks associated with undetected security weaknesses, cyberattacks, or security breaches or incidents at companies that we acquire or with which we may combine or partner; 
 
 there may be local and foreign regulations applicable to the international activities of our business and the businesses we acquire; and 
 
 acquisitions could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt. 
 
 We have experienced certain of these risks in connection with our past acquisitions, and any of the foregoing could harm our business and negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 We have in the past, and may in the future, also choose to divest certain businesses or product lines. If we decide to sell assets or a business, we may have difficulty obtaining terms acceptable to us in a timely manner, or at all. Additionally, we may experience difficulty separating out portions of, or entire, businesses, incur loss of revenue or experience negative impact on margins, or we may not achieve the desired strategic and financial benefits. Such potential transactions may also delay achievement of our strategic objectives, cause us to incur additional expenses, disrupt customer or employee relationships, and expose us to unanticipated or ongoing obligations and liabilities, including as a result of our indemnification obligations. Further, during the pendency of a divestiture, we may be subject to risks such as a decline in the business to be divested, loss of employees, customers, or suppliers and the risk that the transaction may not close, any of which would have a material adverse effect on the business to be divested and our retained business. If a divestiture is not completed for any reason, we may not be able to find another buyer on the same terms, and we may have incurred significant costs without any corresponding benefit. 
 
 Joint ventures and minority investments inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, thereby potentially increasing the financial, legal, operational, regulatory, and/or compliance risks associated with the joint venture or minority investment. In addition, we may be dependent on joint venture partners, controlling shareholders, management, or other persons or entities who control them and who may have business interests, strategies, or goals that are inconsistent with ours. Business decisions or other actions or omissions of the joint venture partners, controlling shareholders, management, or other persons or entities who control them may adversely affect the value of our investment, result in litigation or regulatory action against us, and may otherwise damage our reputation and brand. 
 
 The ongoing integration of Afterpay could disrupt our business and adversely affect our future results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to benefit from our acquisition of Afterpay depends on our ability to complete the integration of Afterpay with our business in a timely and effective manner. Difficulties that we have encountered and may continue to encounter in the integration process include the following: 
 
 challenges and difficulties associated with managing the larger, more complex, combined company; 
 
 conforming standards and controls and consolidating corporate infrastructures between the companies; 
 
 integrating personnel from the two companies while maintaining focus on developing, producing and delivering consistent, high quality products and services; 
 
 loss of key employees; 
 
 coordinating geographically dispersed organizations; 
 
 potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses; and 
 
 the diversion of management s attention caused by integrating the companies operations. 
 
 29 

TIDAL subjects us to risks and uncertainties related to the music industry. 
 
 TIDAL s business is dependent on the various rights holders. We cannot provide assurances that we or TIDAL will be able to maintain or expand arrangements with partners and other third parties on acceptable terms, if at all. Further, the music industry is highly concentrated, which means we rely on a small number of entities that may take adverse actions or take advantage of their market power to pursue arduous financial or other terms that may adversely affect us or may restrict our ability to innovate and improve our streaming service. Our streaming service also competes for listeners on the basis of the presence and visibility of our app, which is distributed via app stores operated by Apple and Google. We face significant competition for listeners from these companies, which also promote their own music and content. In addition, our competitors streaming products may be pre-loaded or integrated into consumer electronics products or automobiles more broadly than our streaming product, which makes such competitors more visible to consumers. If we are unable to compete successfully for listeners against other media providers, then our TIDAL business may suffer. 
 
 We expect that the operation of our TIDAL business will require continued investment and management time and attention, none of which will ensure that we will be successful. If we fail to successfully operate and grow our TIDAL business, we will not realize the benefits anticipated when we acquired a majority interest in the business, and any such failure could result in adverse effects on our business and financial results, including substantial impairment charges. 
 
 Operating or expanding our business globally subjects us to new challenges and risks. 
 
 We offer our services and products in multiple countries and we may continue expanding our business further globally. Expansion, whether in our existing or new global markets, will require additional resources and new or expanded controls, and offering our services and products in new geographic regions often requires substantial expenditures and takes considerable time. We may not be successful enough in these new geographies to recoup our investments in a timely manner or at all. Such expansion, and the ongoing operation of our global business, subject our business to substantial risks, including: 
 
 difficulty in attracting sellers and customers, or a lack of acceptance of our products and services in foreign markets; 
 
 failure to anticipate competitive conditions and competition with service providers or other market-players that have greater experience in the foreign markets than we do; 
 
 failure to conform with applicable business customs, including translation into foreign languages, cultural context, and associated expenses; 
 
 increased costs and difficulty in protecting intellectual property and sensitive data; 
 
 changes to the way we do business as compared with our current operations; 
 
 inability to support and integrate with local third-party service providers; 
 
 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations in an environment of diverse cultures, laws, and customs, challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences, and the increased travel, infrastructure, and legal and compliance costs associated with global operations; 
 
 difficulties in recruiting and retaining qualified employees and maintaining our company culture; 
 
 difficulty in gaining acceptance and maintaining compliance with industry self-regulatory bodies; 
 
 compliance with multiple complex, potentially conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including with respect to payments, privacy, data protection, information security, and tax; 
 
 compliance with U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and anti-money laundering laws; 
 
 enactment of tariffs, sanctions, fines, or other trade restrictions; 
 
 exchange rate risk; 
 30 

increased exposure to public health issues such as pandemics, and related industry and governmental actions to address these issues; and 
 
 regional economic and political instability and other geopolitical risks. 
 
 As a result of these risks, our efforts to expand our global operations may not be successful, which could limit our ability to grow our business. 
 
 Our BNPL platform increases our exposure to consumer defaults and merchant insolvency. 
 
 Revenue generated from BNPL products depends on our ability to recoup the purchase value of the goods or services that consumers have purchased using our BNPL platform. Although we rely on technology to assess consumers repayment capability for our BNPL products, there can be no guarantee that such processes will always accurately predict repayments. Miscalculation of consumers repayment ability or a material increase in repayment failures, whether due to inflation, macroeconomic uncertainty and downturn, market volatility, or otherwise, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, if consumers who have purchased products or services using our BNPL platform do not receive the products or services, they may cease payment on their outstanding balances or request a refund on previous payments, and our business may be negatively impacted. 
 
 The performance of our BNPL platform depends also on the sales of products and services by retail merchants. Merchants sales may decrease as a result of factors outside of their control, including deteriorating macroeconomic conditions and supply chain disruptions. If a merchant ceases its operations, closes some or all of its locations, or fails to deliver goods or services to our consumers, the merchant may not be able to reimburse us for chargebacks or refunds or may not be able to repay the funds we have advanced to them, all of which could result in higher charge-off rates than anticipated. Moreover, if the financial condition of a merchant deteriorates significantly such that the merchant becomes subject to a bankruptcy proceeding, we may not be able to recover any amounts due to us from the merchant, and our financial results would be adversely affected. 
 
 We are subject to risks related to the banking ecosystem, including through Square Financial Services, our bank partnerships, and FDIC and other regulatory obligations. 
 
 Volatility in the banking and financial services sectors may impact our bank partnerships and could negatively impact our business. For example, we offer certain FDIC-insured products through our partnerships with banks that are members of the FDIC. We believe our banking programs, including records maintained by us and our bank partners, comply with all applicable requirements for each eligible participant's deposits to be covered by FDIC insurance, up to the applicable maximum deposit insurance amount. However, if the FDIC were to disagree, the FDIC may not recognize the participants claims as covered by deposit insurance in the event a bank partner fails and enters receivership proceedings under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act FDIA ). If the FDIC were to determine that funds held at a bank partner are not covered by deposit insurance, or if one or more of our bank partners were to fail and enter receivership proceedings under the FDIA, our sellers and customers may seek to withdraw their funds, or may not be able to withdraw all their funds in a timely manner, which could adversely affect our brand, business and results of operations, and may lead to claims or litigation, which may be costly to address. Additionally, in instances where we are a service-provider to or are otherwise in a third-party relationship with our bank partners in connection with these programs, we are subject to certain risk-management standards for third-party relationships in accordance with federal bank regulatory guidance and examinations by the federal banking regulators. 
 
 Further, as a FDIC-insured institution, our subsidiary Square Financial Services is subject to regulatory obligations, including the assessment of a quarterly deposit insurance premium, calculated based on its average consolidated total assets. We are generally unable to control the amount of premiums that we are required to pay for FDIC insurance. If there are additional bank or financial institution failures, we may be required to pay higher deposit insurance assessments or higher fees associated with FDIC-insured products offered through our bank partnerships, or we may be subject to higher capital requirements imposed by the FDIC, our bank partners, or federal banking regulators with authority over our bank partners, which could reduce our profitability, and negatively impact our business and operations. 
 
 31 

We intend to continue to explore other products, models, and structures for our product offerings, including with bank partners. Certain of our current product offerings subject us to reporting requirements, bonding requirements, and inspection by applicable federal or state regulatory agencies, and our future product offerings may potentially require, or be deemed to require, additional data, procedures, partnerships, licenses, regulatory approvals, or capabilities that we have not yet obtained or developed. Should we fail to successfully expand and evolve our product offerings, or should our new products, models or structures, or new laws or regulations or interpretations of existing laws or regulations, impose requirements on us that are cumbersome or that we cannot satisfy, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Square Loans are subject to additional risks related to availability of capital, seller payments, interest rate, deposit insurance premiums, and general macroeconomic conditions. 
 
 Square Loans is our commercial lending program. Square Financial Services, as the originator of the loans provided by Square Loans in the U.S., is subject to risks in addition to those described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Maintaining and growing our Square Loans business is dependent on institutional third-party investors purchasing the eligible business loans originated by us. If such third parties fail to continue to purchase such business loans or reduce the amount of future loans they purchase, then we may need to reduce originations, or we would need to fund the purchase of additional business loans from our own resources. We then may have to reduce the scale of Square Financial Services, which could have a direct impact on our ability to grow. Additionally, Square Financial Services has certain customary repurchase obligations in its loan purchase and servicing agreements with such institutional third-party investors for breaches of certain eligibility representations and warranties. If third parties reduce the price they are willing to pay for these business loans or reduce the servicing fees they pay us in exchange for servicing the business loans on their behalf, then the financial performance of Square Financial Services would be harmed. 
 
 The business loans provided by Square Loans are generally unsecured obligations of our sellers, and they are not guaranteed or insured in any way. Adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions or the credit quality of our sellers could cause some sellers who utilize Square Loans to cease operating or to experience a decline in their payment processing volume, thereby rendering them unable to make payment on the business loan and/or extend the repayment period beyond the contractual repayment terms on the business loan. To the extent a seller breaches a contractual obligation, such as the requirement to make minimum payments or other breach, the seller would be liable for an accelerated business loan repayment, where our recourse is to the business and not to any individual or other asset. In addition, because the servicing fees we receive from third-party investors depend on the collectability of the business loans, if there is an increase in sellers who utilize Square Loans who are unable to repay their business loans, we will be unable to collect our entire servicing fee for such loans. While our exposure to loans that we sell to third parties is more limited, if the sellers who utilize Square Loans are unable to repay their loans, the risk of loss in our owned loan portfolio will increase and our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 Adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions may lead to a decrease in the number of sellers eligible for Square Loans and may strain our ability to correctly identify such sellers or manage the risk of non-payment or fraud as servicer of the business loans. If we fail to correctly predict the likelihood of timely repayment or correctly price such business loans, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Square Financial Services profitability depends, in part, on its net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on interest-bearing assets, such as loans and securities, and interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowed funds. Changes in interest rates and monetary policy can impact the demand for new loans, the credit profile of our borrowers, the yields earned on loans and securities, and the rates paid on deposits and borrowings. The impact of any sudden and substantial move in interest rates and/or increased competition may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, as our net interest income may be adversely affected. 
 
 32 

Operational Risks 
 
 We, our sellers, our partners, and others who use our services obtain and process a large amount of sensitive data. Any real or perceived improper or unauthorized use of, disclosure of, or access to such data could harm our reputation as a trusted brand, as well as have a material and adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We, our sellers, and our partners, including third-party vendors and data centers that we use, obtain and process large amounts of sensitive data, including data related to our customers, our sellers customers, and their transactions. We face risks, including to our reputation as a trusted brand, in the handling and protection of this data. These risks will increase as our business continues to expand to include new products and technologies, such as AI, and as we and our third-party vendors rely on an increasingly distributed workforce. Our operations involve the storage and transmission of sensitive data of individuals and businesses using our services, including their names, addresses, social security/tax ID numbers (or foreign equivalents), government IDs, payment card numbers and expiration dates, bank account information, loans they have applied for or obtained, and data regarding the performance of our sellers businesses. Additionally, certain of our products and services are subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (and the rules and regulations thereunder, as amended, including with respect to the HITECH Act), and therefore we are required to take measures to safeguard protected health information of our health care entity-sellers' customers when using those products and services. Our services also provide third-party developers the opportunity to provide applications to sellers in the Square and Weebly app marketplaces. Sellers who choose to use such applications can grant permission allowing the applications to access content created or held by sellers in their Square or Weebly account. Should our internal or third-party developers experience or cause a breach, incident, or technological bug, that could lead to a compromise of the content of data held by such sellers, including personal data, our reputation may be harmed and we may be subject to significant fines, penalties or judgments. The growing use of AI in our products and services presents additional risks. AI algorithms or automated processing of data may be flawed, and datasets may be insufficient or may use third party AI with unclear intellectual property rights or interests. Inappropriate or controversial data practices by us or others could subject us to lawsuits, regulatory investigations, legal and financial liability, or reputational harm. Additionally, our use of AI may create additional, or increase the risk of, cybersecurity breaches and incidents. 
 
 Our products and services operate in conjunction with, and we are dependent upon, third-party products and components across a broad ecosystem. There have been and may continue to be significant attacks on third-party providers, and we cannot guarantee that our or our third-party developers or vendors systems and networks have not been breached or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our systems and networks or the systems and networks of third parties that support us and our products and services. If there is a security vulnerability, error, or other bug in one of these third-party products or components and if there is a security exploit targeting them, we could face increased costs, claims and liability, proceedings and litigation, reduced revenue, or harm to our reputation or competitive position. The natural sunsetting of third-party products and operating systems that we use requires our personnel to reallocate time and attention to migration and updates, during which period potential security vulnerabilities could be exploited. 
 
 More generally, if our privacy, data protection, or information security measures or those of third-party developers or vendors are inadequate or are breached or otherwise compromised, and, as a result, there is improper disclosure of or someone obtains unauthorized access to or exfiltrates funds, bitcoin, investments, or other assets, or other sensitive data on our systems or our partners systems, or if we, our third-party developers or vendors suffer a ransomware or advanced persistent threat attack, or if any of the foregoing is reported or perceived to have occurred, our reputation and business could be damaged, and we could face liability and financial losses. If the sensitive data or assets are lost or improperly accessed, misused, disclosed, destroyed, or altered or threatened to be improperly accessed, misused, disclosed, destroyed, or altered, we could incur significant financial losses and costs and liability associated with remediation and the implementation of additional security measures and be subject to claims, litigation, regulatory scrutiny, and investigations. For example, in April 2022 we announced that we determined that a former employee downloaded certain reports of our subsidiary Cash App Investing in December 2021 that contained some U.S. customer information without permission after the former employee s employment ended, as disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 4, 2022. We have incurred costs related to our investigation and response to this incident, and we could incur other losses, costs, and liabilities in connection with such incident. 
 
 33 

Under payment card rules and our contracts with our card processors and other counterparties, if there is a breach of payment card information that we store or that is stored by our sellers or other third parties with which we do business, we could be liable to the payment card issuing banks for certain of their costs and expenses. Additionally, if our own confidential business information were improperly disclosed, accessed, or breached, our business could be materially and adversely affected. A core aspect of our business is the reliability and security of our payments platforms. Any perceived or actual breach of security or other type of security incident or any type of fraud perpetrated by bad actors such as account takeovers or fake account scams, regardless of how it occurs or the extent or nature of the breach, incident, or fraud, could have a significant impact on our reputation as a trusted brand, cause us to lose existing sellers or other customers, prevent us from obtaining new sellers and other customers, require us to expend significant funds to remedy problems caused by breaches and incidents and to implement measures in an effort to prevent further breaches and incidents, and expose us to legal risk and potential liability including those resulting from governmental or regulatory investigations, class action litigation, and costs associated with remediation, such as fraud monitoring and forensics. Any actual or perceived security breach or incident at a company providing services to us or our customers on our behalf could have similar effects. Further, any actual or perceived security breach or incident with respect to the bitcoin and blockchain ledger, regardless of whether such breach or incident directly affects our products and services, could have negative reputational effects and harm customer trust in us and our products and services. 
 
 While we maintain cybersecurity insurance, our insurance may be insufficient to cover all liabilities incurred by such attacks. We cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data handling or information security liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, premiums, or deductibles could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results, and reputation. 
 
 Our products and services may not function as intended due to errors in our software, hardware, and systems, product defects, or due to security breaches or incidents or human error in administering these systems, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our software, hardware, systems, and processes may contain undetected errors or vulnerabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business, particularly to the extent such errors or vulnerabilities are not detected and remedied quickly. We have from time to time found defects and errors in our customer-facing software and hardware, internal systems, external facing communications, manual processes, and technical integrations with third-party systems, including as a result of ordinary course updates to our software and systems, and new errors or vulnerabilities may be introduced in the future. From time to time, such errors or defects in our software, hardware, systems, or external facing communications, including as a result of human errors, have negatively impacted our customers experience with us and led to negative publicity and harm to our brand and reputation. In connection with any such defects or errors, we may also face government inquiries or investigations, claims and litigation, and we may incur additional costs or expenses to remediate the issues. Additionally, we rely on a limited number of component and product suppliers located outside of the U.S. to manufacture our products. As a result, our direct control over production and distribution is limited, and it is uncertain what effect such diminished control will have on the quality of our products. If there are defects in the manufacture of our hardware products, we may face similar negative publicity, investigations, and litigation, and we may not be fully compensated by our suppliers for any financial or other liability that we suffer as a result. As our hardware and software services continue to increase in size and complexity, and as we integrate new, acquired subsidiaries with different technology stacks and practices, these risks may correspondingly increase as well. 
 
 34 

In addition, we provide frequent incremental releases of product and service updates and functional enhancements, which increase the possibility of errors. The products and services we provide are designed to process complex transactions and deliver reports and other information related to those transactions, all at high volumes and processing speeds. Any errors, data leaks, security breaches or incidents, disruptions in services, or other performance problems with our products or services caused by external or internal actors could hurt our reputation and damage our and our customers businesses. Software and system errors, or human errors, could delay or inhibit settlement of payments, result in oversettlement, cause reporting errors, cause pricing irregularities or prevent us from collecting transaction-based fees, or negatively impact our ability to serve our customers, all of which have occurred in the past. Similarly, security breaches or incidents, which may be caused by or result from cyber-attacks by hackers or others, computer viruses, worms, ransomware, other malicious software programs, security vulnerabilities, employee or service provider theft, misuse or negligence, phishing, identity theft or compromised credentials, denial-of-service attacks, or other causes, have from time to time impacted our business and could disrupt the proper functioning of our software products or services, cause errors, allow loss or unavailability of, unauthorized access to, or disclosure of, proprietary, confidential or otherwise sensitive data of ours or our customers, and other destructive outcomes. Moreover, security breaches or incidents or errors in our hardware or software design or manufacture could cause product safety issues typical of consumer electronics devices. Any of the foregoing issues could lead to product recalls and inventory shortages, result in costly and time-consuming efforts to redesign and redistribute our products, give rise to regulatory inquiries and investigations, and result in reimbursement obligations, lawsuits and other liabilities and losses, any of which could have a material and adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Additionally, electronic payment, hardware, and software products and services, including ours, have been, and could continue to be in the future, specifically targeted and penetrated or disrupted by hackers and other malicious actors. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to data, products, and services and to disable, degrade, or sabotage them change frequently and may be difficult to detect or remediate for long periods of time, we and our customers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures to stop them. If we or our sellers or other customers are unable to anticipate or prevent these attacks, our sellers' or other customers may be harmed, our reputation could be damaged, and we could incur significant liability. 
 
 Systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events, and resulting interruptions in the availability of our products or services, or those of our sellers, could harm our business and our brand, and subject us to substantial liability. 
 
 Our systems and those of our third-party vendors, including data center facilities, may experience service interruptions, outages, cyber-attacks and security breaches and incidents, human error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, pandemics, fires, other natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks and other geopolitical unrest, computer viruses, ransomware, and other malicious software, changes in social, political, or regulatory conditions or in laws and policies, or other changes or events. Our systems and facilities are also subject to break-ins, sabotage, and acts of vandalism. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster-recovery planning is not sufficient for all eventualities. In addition, as a provider of payments solutions and other financial services, we are subject to increased scrutiny by regulators that may require specific business continuity and disaster recovery plans and more rigorous testing of such plans. This increased scrutiny may be costly and time-consuming and may divert our resources from other business priorities. 
 
 We have experienced and will likely continue to experience denial-of-service and other cyber-attacks, system failures, outages, security incidents, and other events or conditions that interrupt the availability, data integrity, or reduce the speed or functionality of our products and services. These events have resulted and likely will result in loss of revenue. In addition, we may incur significant expense to repair or replace damaged equipment and remedy resultant data loss or corruption. The risk of security incidents is increasing as we experience an increase in electronic payments, e-commerce, and other online activity. Additionally, due to political uncertainty and military actions associated with Russia s invasion of Ukraine, we and our service providers are vulnerable to heightened risks of security incidents and security and privacy breaches from or affiliated with nation-state actors, including attacks that could materially disrupt our systems, operations, supply chain, products, and services. We cannot provide assurances that our preventative efforts against such incidents will be successful. A prolonged interruption in the availability or reduction in the speed or other functionality of our products or services could materially harm our reputation and business. Frequent, persistent or significant interruptions in our products and services could cause customers to believe that our products and services are unreliable, leading them to switch to our competitors or to avoid our products and services, and could permanently harm our reputation and business. Moreover, to the extent that any system failure or similar event results in damages to customers or contractual counterparties, these customers and contractual counterparties could seek compensation from us for their losses, and those claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly for us to address. 
 35 

A significant natural or man-made disaster could have a material and adverse impact on our business. Certain of our offices and data center facilities are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. Despite any precautions we may take, the occurrence of a natural disaster or other unanticipated problems at our offices or data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our services or could result in related liabilities. We do not maintain insurance sufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses that could result from disruptions to our services. 
 
 Significant natural or other disasters, including pandemics, could also have a material and adverse impact on our sellers or other customers, which, in the aggregate, could in turn adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 The theft, loss, or destruction of private keys required to access the bitcoin we hold on behalf of ourselves and other parties, such as our customers and our trading partners, may be irreversible, and any failure to safeguard such bitcoin could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 We hold bitcoin on behalf of ourselves and other parties such as our customers and our trading partners. Bitcoin can be accessed by the possessor of the unique cryptographic keys relating to the digital wallet in which the bitcoin is held. While the bitcoin and blockchain ledger require a public key relating to a digital wallet to be published when used in a transaction, private keys must be safeguarded and kept private in order to prevent a third-party from accessing the bitcoin held in such digital wallet. To the extent any of our private keys are lost, destroyed, or otherwise compromised and no backup of such private key is accessible, we will be unable to access the bitcoin we hold on behalf of ourselves and other parties. The vast majority of bitcoin we hold for ourselves and our customers is held in offline and air-gapped cold storage. To facilitate transactions, we hold a small portion of bitcoin in a networked hot wallet. At times, we may also utilize third-party custodians to custody our bitcoin or a portion of the bitcoin held for our customers on our behalf. 
 
 Any inappropriate access or theft of bitcoin held by us or any third-party custodian, or the third-party custodian s failure to maintain effective controls over the custody and other settlement services provided to us, could materially and adversely affect us. We cannot provide assurance that the digital wallets used to store our and other parties bitcoin will not be hacked or compromised. The bitcoin and blockchain ledger, as well as other cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies, have been, and may in the future be, subject to security breaches or incidents, hacking, or other malicious activities. Any loss of private keys relating to, or hack or other compromise of, digital wallets used to store our customers bitcoin could adversely affect our customers ability to access or sell their bitcoin and could harm customer trust in us and our products, require us to expend significant funds for remediation, and expose us to litigation, regulatory enforcement actions, and other potential liability. Additionally, any loss of private keys relating to, or hack or other compromise of, digital wallets used by third parties to store bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies could have negative reputational effects on us and harm customer trust in us and our products and could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 36 

Our risk management efforts may not be effective, which could expose us to losses and liability and otherwise harm our business. 
 
 We offer payments and other products and services to a large number of customers. We have programs to vet and monitor these customers and the transactions we process for them as part of our risk management efforts, but such programs require continuous improvement and may not be effective in detecting and preventing fraud and illegitimate transactions. When our payments services are used to process illegitimate transactions, and we settle those funds to customers and are unable to recover them, we suffer losses and liability. As a greater number of larger sellers use our services, our exposure to material risk losses from a single seller, or from a small number of sellers, will increase. Illegitimate transactions can also expose us to governmental and regulatory enforcement actions and potentially prevent us from satisfying our contractual obligations to our third-party partners, which may cause us to be in breach of our obligations. The highly automated nature of, and liquidity offered by, our payments and peer-to-peer services make us and our customers a target for illegal or improper uses, including scams and fraud directed at our customers, fraudulent or illegal sales of goods or services, money laundering, and terrorist financing. Identity thieves and those committing fraud using stolen or fabricated credit card, debit card, or bank account numbers, or other deceptive or malicious practices such as account takeovers, potentially can steal significant amounts of money from businesses like ours or from our customers or third parties. Our risk management policies, procedures, techniques, and processes may not be sufficient to identify all of the risks to which we are exposed, to enable us to prevent or mitigate the risks we have identified, or to identify additional risks to which we may become subject in the future. Our current business, the changing and uncertain economic, geopolitical and regulatory environment, and our anticipated domestic and international growth will continue to place significant demands on our risk management and compliance efforts. As our ecosystems grow and our business becomes more complex, we will need to continue developing, improving, and making investments into our risk management infrastructure, techniques, and processes. In addition, when we introduce new products or services, expand existing services, including online payment acceptance and expanded methods of instantly moving money, focus on new business areas, including consumer financing and loans, or begin to operate in markets where we have a limited history of fraud loss, we may be less able to forecast and carry appropriate reserves on our books for those losses. Additionally, certain Cash App functions are available to customers between the ages of 13 through 17 with the authorization of a parent or guardian. The risks and the potential harm to our reputation are magnified in instances of fraud or unauthorized or inappropriate transactions involving minors. 
 
 While we maintain a program of insurance coverage for various types of liabilities, we may self-insure against certain business risks and expenses where we believe we can adequately self-insure against the anticipated exposure and risk or where insurance is either not deemed cost-effective or unavailable. 
 
 We are currently, and will continue to be, exposed to risks associated with chargebacks and refunds in connection with payment card fraud or relating to the goods or services provided by our sellers. In the event that a billing dispute between a cardholder and a seller is not resolved in favor of the seller, including in situations where the seller engaged in fraud, the transaction is typically charged back to the seller and the purchase price is credited or otherwise refunded to the cardholder. The risk of chargebacks is typically greater with our sellers that promise future delivery of goods and services. Moreover, chargebacks typically increase during economic downturns due to sellers becoming insolvent or bankrupt or otherwise unable to fulfill their commitments for goods or services. Global supply chain disruptions and shortages may also negatively affect sellers' ability to deliver goods and services on time or at all, which increases the risk of chargebacks. If we are unable to collect chargebacks or refunds from the seller s account, or if the seller refuses to or is unable to reimburse us for chargebacks or refunds due to closure, bankruptcy, or other reasons, we, as the merchant of record, may bear the loss for the amounts paid to the cardholder. We collect and hold reserves for a limited number of sellers whose businesses are deemed higher risk in order to help cover potential losses from chargebacks and refunds, but this practice is limited and there can be no assurances that we will be successful in mitigating such losses. Our financial results would be adversely affected to the extent sellers do not fully reimburse us for the related chargebacks and refunds. In addition, if more of our sellers, or a number of our larger sellers, become insolvent or bankrupt, our potential losses from chargebacks and refunds may increase and exceed our reserves, in which case we may suffer financial losses and our business may be adversely affected. Moreover, businesses that cannot process EMV chip cards are held financially responsible for certain fraudulent transactions conducted using chip-enabled cards. Not all of the readers we offer to merchants are EMV-compliant. If we are unable to maintain our losses from chargebacks at acceptable levels, the payment card networks could fine us, increase our transaction-based fees, or terminate our ability to process payment cards. Any increase in our transaction-based fees could damage our business, and if we were unable to accept payment cards, our business would be materially and adversely affected. If any of our risk management policies and processes, including self-insurance or holding seller reserves, are ineffective, we may suffer large financial losses, we may be subject to civil and criminal liability, and our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 37 

We are dependent on payment card networks and acquiring processors, and any changes to their rules or practices could harm our business. 
 
 Our business depends on our ability to accept credit and debit cards, and this ability is provided by the payment card networks, including Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover. For a majority of our transactions, we do not directly access the payment card networks that enable our acceptance of payment cards. As a result, we must rely on banks and acquiring processors to process transactions on our behalf. These banks and acquiring processors may fail or refuse to process transactions adequately, may breach or terminate their agreements with us, or may refuse to renegotiate or renew these agreements on terms that are favorable or commercially reasonable. They might also take actions that degrade the functionality of our services, impose additional costs or requirements on us, or give preferential treatment to competitive services, including their own services. If we are unsuccessful in establishing, renegotiating, or maintaining mutually beneficial relationships with these payment card networks, banks, and acquiring processors, our business may be harmed. 
 
 The payment card networks and our acquiring processors require us to comply with payment card network operating rules, including special operating rules that apply to us as a payment facilitator providing payment processing services to merchants. The payment card networks set these network rules and have discretion to interpret the rules and change them at any time. Changes to these network rules or how they are interpreted could have a significant impact on our business and financial results. For example, changes in the payment card network rules regarding chargebacks may affect our ability to dispute chargebacks and the amount of losses we incur from chargebacks. Any changes to or interpretations of the network rules that are inconsistent with the way we or our acquiring processors currently operate may require us to make changes to our business that could be costly or difficult to implement. If we fail to make such changes or otherwise resolve the issue with the payment card networks, the networks could fine us or prohibit us from processing payment cards. In addition, violations of the network rules or any failure to maintain good relationships with the payment card networks could impact our ability to receive incentives from them, increase our costs, or otherwise harm our business. If we were unable to accept payment cards or were limited in our ability to do so, our business would be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We are required to pay interchange and assessment fees, processing fees, and bank settlement fees to third-party payment processors, payment networks, and financial institutions. From time to time, payment card networks have increased, and may increase in the future, the interchange fees and assessments that they charge for each transaction processed using their networks. In some cases, we have negotiated favorable pricing with acquiring processors and networks that are contingent on certain business commitments and other conditions. If we fail to meet such conditions, the fees we are charged will rise, and we may be required to pay back some or all of the favorable pricing benefits. Moreover, our acquiring processors and payment card networks may refuse to renew our agreements with them on terms that are favorable, commercially reasonable, or at all. Interchange fees or assessments are also subject to change from time to time due to government regulation. Any increase or decrease in interchange fees or assessments or in the fees we pay to our third-party payment processors, payment networks, or financial institutions could increase our costs, make our pricing less competitive, lead us to change our pricing model, or adversely affect our margins, all of which could materially harm our business and financial results. 
 
 We could be, and in the past have been, subject to penalties from payment card networks if we fail to detect activities that are illegal, contrary to the payment card network operating rules, or considered high risk. We must either prevent high-risk individuals from using our products and services or register such high-risk individuals with the payment card networks and conduct additional monitoring with respect to such high-risk individuals. Any such penalties could become material and could result in termination of our ability to accept payment cards or could require changes in our process for registering new sellers and customers. This could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 38 

We rely on third parties and their systems for a variety of services, including the processing of transaction data and settlement of funds to us and our customers, and these third parties failure to perform these services adequately could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 To provide our products and services, we rely on third parties that we do not control, such as the payment card networks, our acquiring and issuing processors, the payment card issuers, a carrying broker, bank partners, various financial institution partners, systems like the Federal Reserve Automated Clearing House, and other partners. We rely on these third parties for a variety of services, including the transmission of transaction data, processing of chargebacks and refunds, settlement of funds to our sellers, certain brokerage services, storing customer funds, authorizing payment transactions under our various card programs, originating loans to customers, provide liquidity for Cash App s feature that permits our customers to buy and sell bitcoin, and the provision of information and other elements of our services. For example, we rely on a limited number of acquiring processors in some of the jurisdictions in which we offer our services. We are in the process of transitioning one of our acquiring processors, and we frequently review and assess third-party partners that provide services. Adding or transitioning to new acquiring or issuing processors or other third-party providers may significantly disrupt our business or increase our costs. We have also in the past experienced outages with third parties we have worked with, which have affected our ability to provide services and process payments, including for cards issued under our own brands. In the event these third parties fail to provide these services adequately, including as a result of financial difficulty or insolvency, errors in their systems, outages or events beyond their control, or refuse to provide these services or renew our agreements with them on terms acceptable to us or at all, and we are not able to find suitable alternatives, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We depend on key management, as well as our experienced and capable employees, and any failure to attract, motivate, and retain our employees could harm our ability to maintain and grow our business. 
 
 Our future success is significantly dependent upon the continued service of our executives and other key employees. If we lose the services of any member of management or any key personnel, we may not be able to locate a suitable or qualified replacement, and we may incur additional expenses to recruit and train a replacement, which could disrupt our business and growth. 
 
 To maintain and grow our business, we will need to identify, attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled employees. This requires significant time, expense, and attention. In addition, from time to time, there may be changes in our management team that may be disruptive to our business. If our management team, including any new hires that we make, fails to work together effectively and to execute our plans and strategies on a timely basis, our business could be harmed. Competition for highly skilled personnel is intense. We may need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract and retain new employees, and we may never realize returns on these investments. Further, our plans to cap our employee base at approximately 12,000, and any other future plans to restructure our employee base to improve operational efficiencies and operating costs, may adversely affect our ability to retain or attract highly skilled employees. 
 
 Historically, equity awards have been a key component of our employee compensation, and as a result, any decline in the price of our Class A common stock (directly or relative to the stock price of other companies with which we compete for talent) may adversely impact our ability to retain employees or to attract new employees. Additionally, potential changes in U.S. immigration policy may make it difficult to renew or obtain visas for any highly skilled personnel that we have hired or may hire in the future. Furthermore, our business may be materially adversely affected if legislative or administrative changes to immigration or visa laws and regulations impair our hiring processes or projects involving personnel who are not citizens of the country where the work is to be performed. If we are not able to add or retain employees effectively, our ability to achieve our strategic objectives will be adversely affected, and our business and growth prospects will be harmed. 
 
 If we do not continue to improve our operational, financial, and other internal controls and systems to manage growth effectively, our business could be harmed. 
 
 Our current business and anticipated growth, as well as our entry into new lines of business and our acquisitions, will continue to place significant demands on our management and other resources. In order to manage our growth effectively, we must continue to strengthen our existing infrastructure and operational procedures, enhance our internal controls and reporting systems, and ensure we timely and accurately address issues as they arise. In particular, our continued growth will increase the challenges involved in: 
 
 39 

improving existing and developing new internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our operational, financial, communications, and other internal systems and procedures; 
 
 successfully expanding and implementing internal controls as they relate to our new lines of business and any acquired businesses; 
 
 identifying and mitigating new and developing risks; 
 
 installing enhanced management information and control systems; and 
 
 preserving our core values, strategies, and goals and effectively communicating these to our employees worldwide. 
 
 These challenges have increased as we shift to a more distributed workforce. If we are not successful in developing and implementing the right processes and tools to manage our enterprise, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. 
 
 These efforts may require substantial financial expenditures, commitments of resources, developments of our processes, and other investments and innovations. As we grow and our business model evolves, we must balance the need for additional controls and systems with the ability to efficiently develop and launch new features for our products and services. However, it is likely that as we grow, we will not be able to launch new features, or respond to customer or market demands as quickly as a smaller, more efficient organization. If we do not successfully manage our growth, our business will suffer. 
 
 The metrics we use to measure our business are calculated using internal company data based on the activity we measure on our platforms and may be compiled from multiple systems, including systems that are organically developed or acquired through business combinations. There are inherent challenges and limitations in measuring our business globally at scale, and the methodologies used to calculate our metrics inherently require certain assumptions and judgments. For example, we currently identify a Cash App transacting active as a Cash App account that has at least one financial transaction using any product or service within Cash App during a specified period although certain of these accounts may share an alias identifier with one or more other transacting active accounts (for example, families sharing one alias identifier or one customer with multiple accounts). Examples of transactions include sending or receiving a peer-to-peer payment, transferring money into or out of Cash App, making a purchase using Cash App Card, earning a dividend on a stock investment, paying back a loan, among others. We regularly review our processes for calculating these metrics, and from time to time we may make adjustments to improve their accuracy or relevance. Further, as our business develops, we may revise or cease reporting metrics if we determine that such metrics are no longer appropriate measures of our performance. If investors, customers or other stakeholders do not believe our reporting metrics accurately reflect our business or they disagree with our methodologies, our reputation may be harmed and our business may be adversely impacted. 
 
 Many of our key components are procured from a single or limited number of suppliers. Thus, we are at risk of shortage, price increases, tariffs, changes, delay, or discontinuation of key components, which could disrupt and materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Many of the key components used to manufacture our products, such as the custom parts of our magstripe reader, come from limited or single sources of supply. Due to our reliance on the components or products produced by third-party suppliers, we are subject to the risk of shortages and long lead times or other disruptions in the supply of certain components or products. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, component shortages or delays or other problems in product assembly, and the availability of these components or products may be difficult to predict. For example, our manufacturers may experience temporary or permanent disruptions in their manufacturing operations due to equipment breakdowns, labor strikes or shortages, natural disasters, the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, component or material shortages, cost increases, acquisitions, insolvency, bankruptcy, business shutdowns, trade restrictions, changes in legal or regulatory requirements, or other similar problems. In addition, if we underestimate or overestimate demand for a particular product, our contract manufacturers and suppliers may not be able to deliver sufficient quantities of that product to meet our requirements, or we may carry excess inventory, all of which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 40 

Additionally, various sources of supply-chain risk, including strikes or shutdowns at delivery ports or loss of or damage to our products while they are in transit or storage, intellectual property theft, losses due to tampering, third-party vendor issues with quality or sourcing control, failure by our suppliers to comply with applicable laws and regulation, potential tariffs or other trade restrictions, or other similar problems could limit or delay the supply of our products or harm our reputation. In the event of a shortage or supply interruption from suppliers of these components, we may not be able to develop alternate sources quickly, cost-effectively, or at all. Any interruption or delay in manufacturing, component supply, any increases in component costs, or the inability to obtain these parts or components from alternate sources at acceptable prices and within a reasonable amount of time, would harm our ability to provide our products to sellers on a timely basis or impact our cost of goods sold. This could harm our relationships with our sellers, prevent us from acquiring new sellers, and materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Some of our hardware devices manufactured in China are subject to 25 tariffs when imported to the United States, while some other hardware devices are subject to tariffs at 7.5 . These tariffs negatively affect our gross margin on the impacted products, and increases in our pricing as a result of tariffs would reduce the competitiveness of our products if our competitors do not make similar pricing adjustments. The impact of any increased or new tariffs or other trade restrictions could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of future operations. 
 
 Our services must integrate with a variety of operating systems. If we are unable to ensure that our services or hardware interoperate with such operating systems and devices, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We are dependent on the ability of our products and services to integrate with a variety of operating systems, web browsers, and wired and wireless interfaces to mobile devices that we do not control. Any changes in these systems that degrade the functionality of our products and services, impose additional costs or requirements on us, or give preferential treatment to competitive services, including their own services, could materially and adversely affect usage of our products and services. In addition, we rely on app marketplaces, such as the Apple App Store and Google Play, to drive downloads of our mobile apps. Apple, Google, or other operators of app marketplaces regularly make changes to their marketplaces, and those changes may make access to our products and services more difficult. In the event that it is difficult for our customers to access and use our products and services, our business may be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, Apple, Google, or other operators of app marketplaces regularly provide software updates, and such software updates may not operate effectively with our products and services, which may reduce the demand for our products and services, result in dissatisfaction by our customers, and may materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our TIDAL business depends upon maintaining complex licenses with copyright owners, and it is difficult to estimate the amount payable under our license agreements. 
 
 Under TIDAL s license agreements and relevant statutes, we must pay all required royalties to record labels, music publishers, and other copyright owners in order to stream, distribute, and display content. The determination of the amount and timing of such royalty payments is complex and subject to a number of variables, including the type of content accessed, the country in which it is accessed, the service tier such content is streamed on, the identity of the license holder to whom royalties are owed, the current size of our subscriber base, the applicability of any most favored nations provisions, and any applicable fees, waivers, and discounts, among other variables. We may underpay/under-accrue or overpay/over-accrue the royalty amounts payable to record labels, music publishers, and other copyright owners. Failure to accurately pay our royalties may damage our business relationships, our reputation, and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 41 

Economic, Financial, and Tax Risks 
 
 A deterioration of general macroeconomic conditions could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 Our performance is subject to economic conditions and the impact of such conditions on levels of spending by businesses and individuals. Most of the sellers that use our services are small businesses, many of which are in the early stages of their development, and these businesses are often disproportionately adversely affected by economic downturns and may fail at a higher rate than larger or more established businesses. In particular, inflation and economic uncertainty have impacted and may continue to impact consumer spending in general and at these businesses specifically. Small businesses frequently have limited budgets and limited access to capital, and they may choose to allocate their spending to items other than our financial or marketing services, especially in times of economic uncertainty or in recessions. In addition, if our sellers cease to operate, this may have an adverse impact not only on the growth of our payments services but also on our transaction and advance loss rates, and the success of our other services. For example, if sellers processing payments with Square receive chargebacks after they cease to operate, we may incur additional losses. We serve sellers across a variety of industry verticals and in an economic downtown, certain verticals, particularly those that may be viewed as discretionary by consumers, may be impacted to a greater degree than others, which may harm our business and financial results. 
 
 We may experience material and adverse impacts to our business as a result of the uncertainty and volatility in the banking and financial services sectors, deteriorating macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and interest rate increases, availability of credit, bankruptcies or insolvencies of customers, and recession or economic downturn. As a result of economic conditions, the growth in the number of Square sellers qualifying for participation in the Square Loans program may slow, or business loans may be paid more slowly, or not at all. In addition, customers who utilize our BNPL products and consumer loan products, such as Cash App Borrow, may also be disproportionately adversely affected by economic downturns, which could negatively impact demand for these product offerings or cause loss rates on such products to increase. 
 
 Further, our suppliers, distributors, and other third-party partners may suffer their own financial and economic challenges. Such suppliers and third parties may demand pricing accommodations, delay payment, or become insolvent, which could harm our ability to meet end customer demands or collect revenue or otherwise could harm our business. Furthermore, our investment portfolio, which includes U.S. government and corporate securities, is subject to general credit, liquidity, market, and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by certain events that affect the global financial markets. If global credit and equity markets decline for extended periods, or if there is a downgrade of the securities within our portfolio, our investment portfolio may be adversely affected and we could determine that our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely affect our financial results. In addition, from time to time we have reduced expenses and needed to restructure or reorganize certain portions of our operations in order to align our business with market conditions and our strategies, any of which can result in near term expense and harm to our growth prospects. 
 
 We are currently subletting some of our office space. An economic downturn and our work-from-home practices have caused and may in the future cause us to need less office space than we are contractually committed to leasing. We have, and may continue to, incur losses or recognize impairment charges in connection with any unused office space if we are unable to successfully sublease any unused office space, or if we are unable to successfully terminate any of our leasing commitments. 
 
 42 

We may not be able to secure financing on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our future capital needs, and our existing credit facility and our senior notes contain, and any future debt financing may contain, covenants that impact the operation of our business and pursuit of business opportunities. 
 
 We have funded our operations since inception primarily through debt and equity financings, bank credit facilities, finance lease arrangements, and cash from operations. While we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, marketable debt securities, and availability under our line of credit are sufficient to meet our working capital needs and planned capital expenditures, and service our debt, there is no guarantee that this will continue to be true in the future. In the future, we may require additional capital to respond to business opportunities, refinancing needs, business and financial challenges, regulatory surety bond requirements, acquisitions, or unforeseen circumstances and may decide to engage in equity, equity-linked, or debt financings or enter into additional credit facilities for other reasons. We may not be able to secure any such additional financing or refinancing on favorable terms, in a timely manner, or at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to grow or support our business and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited. 
 
 Following our acquisition of Afterpay, we assumed Afterpay s financing arrangements with financial institutions in Australia, New Zealand, the United States and the United Kingdom (collectively, the Warehouse Facilities ). We use the Warehouse Facilities to partly fund our BNPL platform. The terms of the Warehouse Facilities contain covenants that may be triggered in certain situations (such as non-repayments on consumer borrowings exceeding certain monetary thresholds or key management resigning), which may negatively impact our ability to obtain additional funding under the Warehouse Facilities. If certain events of default occur under the Warehouse Facilities, we may not be able to draw future funding from those Warehouse Facilities or the debt outstanding under the Warehouse Facilities may be accelerated and our business and financial results could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Our credit facility contains affirmative and negative covenants, including customary limitations on the incurrence of certain indebtedness and liens, restrictions on certain intercompany transactions, and limitations on dividends and stock repurchases. The indentures pursuant to which our 2026 Senior Notes and 2031 Senior Notes (collectively, the Senior Notes were issued contain covenants that restrict or could restrict, among other things, our business and operations. Any debt financing obtained by us in the future could also involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to operate our business, obtain additional capital, and pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, and breaches of these covenants could result in a default under our existing credit facility or our senior notes and any future financing agreements into which we may enter. If not waived, these defaults could cause indebtedness outstanding under our credit facility, our Senior Notes, our other outstanding indebtedness, including our 2025 Convertible Notes, 2026 Convertible Notes, and 2027 Convertible Notes (collectively, the Convertible Notes, and together with the Senior Notes, the Notes ), and any future financing agreements that we may enter into to become immediately due and payable. 
 
 If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or other securities convertible into equity, including convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer dilution in their percentage ownership of our company, and any such securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Changes by any rating agency to our outlook or credit rating could negatively affect the value of both our debt and equity securities and increase our borrowing costs. If our credit ratings are downgraded or other negative action is taken, our ability to obtain additional financing in the future on favorable terms or at all could be adversely affected. 
 
 Servicing our Notes may require a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash or the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Convertible Notes in cash, repay the Notes at maturity, or repurchase the Notes as required following a fundamental change. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had 1.0 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2025 Convertible Notes, 575.0 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2026 Convertible Notes, 575.0 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2027 Convertible Notes, 1.0 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2026 Senior Notes, and 1.0 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2031 Senior Notes. 
 
 43 

Prior to December 1, 2024, in the case of the 2025 Convertible Notes, February 1, 2026, in the case of the 2026 Convertible Notes, and August 1, 2027, in the case of the 2027 Convertible Notes, the applicable Convertible Notes are convertible at the option of the holders only under certain conditions or upon occurrence of certain events. If holders of the Convertible Notes of a series elect to convert such Convertible Notes when eligible, we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the Convertible Notes being converted unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our Class A common stock to settle such conversion. We currently expect to settle future conversions of our Convertible Notes solely in shares of our Class A common stock, and our ability to elect to settle such conversions solely in shares requires us to include the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes of such series in our diluted earnings per share to the extent such shares are not anti-dilutive. We will reevaluate this policy from time to time as conversion notices are received from holders of the Convertible Notes. 
 
 In addition, holders of each series of Notes also have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes of such series upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the applicable indenture governing the Notes) and, in the case of the Senior Notes, accompanied by a downgrade of the Senior Notes, at a repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, or at a repurchase price equal to 101 of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, as applicable. If the Notes of any series have not previously been converted or repurchased, we will be required to repay such Notes in cash at maturity. 
 
 Our ability to make required cash payments in connection with conversions of the Convertible Notes, repurchase the Notes as required following a fundamental change, or to repay or refinance the Notes at maturity will depend on market conditions and our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. We also may not use the cash proceeds we raised through the issuance of the Notes in an optimally productive and profitable manner. Since inception, our business has generated net losses in most quarters, and we may continue to incur significant losses. As a result, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to repurchase or repay the Notes or pay cash with respect to the Convertible Notes being converted. 
 
 In addition, our ability to repurchase or to pay cash upon conversion or at maturity of the Notes may be limited by law or regulatory authority. Our failure to repurchase Notes as required following a fundamental change or to pay cash upon conversion of our Convertible Notes (unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our Class A common stock to settle such conversion) or at maturity of the Notes as required by the applicable indenture would constitute a default under such indenture. A default under the applicable indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under our credit facility, our other outstanding indebtedness, or agreements governing our future indebtedness and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If the payment of our other outstanding indebtedness or future indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay such indebtedness and repurchase the Notes or to pay cash upon conversion of the Convertible Notes or at maturity of the Notes. 
 
 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions. 
 
 In connection with the issuance of each series of our Convertible Notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions with certain financial institutions, which we refer to as the "option counterparties." The option counterparties are financial institutions or affiliates of financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that one or more of such option counterparties may default under the convertible note hedge transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. If any option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under the convertible note hedge transaction. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, the increase in our exposure will be correlated to the increase in our Class A common stock market price and in the volatility of the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, upon a default by any option counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and dilution with respect to our Class A common stock. We can provide no assurance as to the financial stability or viability of any option counterparty. 
 
 44 

Our bitcoin investment is subject to volatile market prices. 
 
 We have made, and may make additional, investments in bitcoin. The price of bitcoin has been highly volatile and may continue to be volatile in the future, due to market factors, regulatory developments and other risks that are outside of our control. The prevalence of bitcoin is a relatively recent trend, and the long-term adoption of bitcoin by investors, consumers, and businesses remains uncertain. Bitcoin s lack of a physical form, its reliance on technology for its creation, existence, and transactional validation, and its decentralization may subject its integrity to the threat of malicious attacks and technological obsolescence. To the extent the market value of our bitcoin investment continues to decrease relative to the purchase prices, our financial condition may be adversely impacted. 
 
 The manner in which we account for our bitcoin under applicable accounting rules has changed. For example, prior to our adoption of ASU 2023-08, Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets ASU 2023-08 ), our bitcoin was accounted for as an indefinite-lived intangible asset and for each reporting period, we were required to evaluate our bitcoin for impairment and record impairment losses if the fair value decreased below the carrying value during the assessed period. Since impairment losses for our bitcoin investment could not be recovered for any subsequent increases in fair value until the asset was sold, our operating results were adversely affected in any period in which such impairment occurred. Upon adoption of ASU 2023-08, we remeasured our bitcoin investment to its fair value as of January 1, 2023, resulting in an adjustment to our accumulated deficit. We will continue to remeasure our bitcoin investment at the end of each reporting period with changes recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. If there are future changes in applicable accounting rules that require us to change the manner in which we account for our bitcoin investment, there could be a material and adverse effect on our financial results and the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates through our international operations could have a negative impact on our reported results of operations. From time to time, we may enter into forward contracts, options, and/or foreign exchange swaps related to foreign currency exposures that arise in the normal course of our business. These and other such hedging activities may not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments. 
 
 We may have exposure to greater-than-anticipated tax liabilities, which may materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes and non-income taxes in the United States and other countries in which we transact or conduct business, and such laws and rates vary by jurisdiction. We are subject to review and audit by U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign tax authorities. Such tax authorities may disagree with tax positions we take, and if any such tax authority were to successfully challenge any such position, our financial results and operations could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, we currently are, and expect to continue to be, subject to numerous federal, state, local and foreign tax audits relating to transfer pricing, income, sales and use, gross receipts, franchise, value-added VAT ), and other tax liabilities. While we have established reserves based on assumptions and estimates that we believe are reasonably sufficient to cover such eventualities, any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have an adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations if the reserves prove to be insufficient. 
 
 Our tax liability could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws, rates, regulations, and administrative practices. For example, various levels of government and international organizations, such as in the United States, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD ), and the European Union EU ), have increasingly focused on tax reform and any result from this development may create changes to long-standing tax principles, which could adversely affect our effective tax rate. On October 8, 2021, the OECD announced an international agreement with more than 130 countries to implement a new global minimum effective corporate tax rate of 15 (known as "Pillar Two") for large multinational companies starting in 2023. Additionally, under the agreement, new rules have been introduced that will result in the reallocation of certain profits from large multinational companies to market jurisdictions where customers and users are located. On December 12, 2022, the EU Council unanimously agreed to implement Pillar Two, which EU member countries are required to adopt into their respective tax codes by the end of 2023. On July 17, 2023, the OECD published Administrative Guidance regarding certain safe harbor rules that effectively extend certain effective dates to January 1, 2027. Although certain implementation details have yet to be developed and the enactment of these changes has not yet taken effect, these changes may have adverse tax consequences for us. 
 
 45 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act IRA was enacted in the United States, which introduced, among provisions, a new minimum corporate income tax on certain large corporations, an excise tax of 1 on certain share repurchases by corporations, and increased funding for the Internal Revenue Service. Although we do not anticipate the new corporate minimum income tax will currently apply to us, changes in our business and any future regulations or other guidance on the interpretation and application of the new corporate minimum tax may result in additional taxes payable by us, which could materially and adversely affect our financial results and operations. 
 
 Our income tax obligations are based on our corporate operating structure, including the manner in which we develop, value, and use our intellectual property and the scope of our international operations. The tax authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements. Additionally, tax authorities at the international, federal, state, and local levels are currently reviewing the appropriate tax treatment of companies engaged in internet commerce and financial technology and attempting to broaden the classification and definitions of activities subject to taxation. For example, various states may attempt to broaden the definition of internet hosting, data processing, telecommunications, and other services to capture additional types of activities. These developing changes could affect our financial position and results of operations. In particular, it is possible that tax authorities at the international, federal, state, and local levels may attempt to regulate our transactions or levy new or revised sales and use taxes, gross receipts, franchise, VAT, digital services taxes, digital advertising taxes, income taxes, loan taxes, or other taxes relating to our activities, which would likely increase the cost of doing business. New taxes could also create significant increases in internal costs necessary to capture data and collect and remit taxes. Proposed or enacted laws regarding tax compliance obligations could require us to make changes to our infrastructure or increase our compliance obligation. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Moreover, an increasing number of states, the U.S. federal government, and certain foreign jurisdictions have considered or adopted laws or administrative practices that impose obligations for on-demand and streaming services, online marketplaces, payment service providers and other intermediaries. These obligations may deem parties, such as us, to be the legal agent of merchants and therefore may require us to collect and remit taxes on the merchants' behalf and take on additional reporting and record-keeping obligations. For example, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 requires businesses that process payments to report payments for goods and services on Form 1099-K when those transactions total more than 600 in a year for a given seller, which reporting requirement applies to Square and Cash App for Business accounts. This new threshold is currently expected to apply to transactions occurring in 2024, subject to any changes implemented by the Internal Revenue Service. Any failure by us to prepare for and to comply with these and similar reporting and record-keeping obligations could result in substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions, adversely impact our ability to do business in certain jurisdictions, and harm our business. 
 
 The determination of our worldwide provision for income and other tax liabilities is highly complex and requires significant judgment by management, and there are many transactions during the ordinary course of business where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. 
 
 We have in the past recorded, and may in the future record, significant valuation allowances on our deferred tax assets, which may have a material impact on our results of operations and cause fluctuations in such results. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets in the United States and in certain other countries. Our net deferred tax assets relate predominantly to the United States federal and state tax jurisdictions. The need for a valuation allowance requires an assessment of both positive and negative evidence when determining whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable; such assessment is required on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis. In making such an assessment, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. 
 
 We continue to monitor the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets in the future. Future adjustments in our valuation allowance may be required. The recording of any future increases in our valuation allowance could have a material impact on our reported results, and both the recording and release of the valuation allowance could cause fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results of operations. 
 
 46 

Legal, Regulatory, and Compliance Risks 
 
 Our business is subject to extensive regulation and oversight in a variety of areas, all of which are subject to change and uncertain interpretation. 
 
 We are subject to a wide variety of local, state, federal, and international laws, regulations, licensing schemes, and industry standards in the United States and in other countries in which we operate. These laws, regulations, and standards govern numerous areas that are important to our business, and include, or may in the future include, those relating to banking, lending, deposit-taking, cross-border and domestic money transmission, foreign exchange, payments services (such as payment processing and settlement services), cryptocurrency, trading in shares and fractional shares, personal income tax filing, fraud detection, consumer protection, anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, escheatment, sanctions regimes and export controls, privacy, data protection and information security, fiscalization and compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, a set of requirements designed to ensure that all companies that process, store, or transmit payment card information maintain a secure environment to protect cardholder data. 
 
 These laws, rules, regulations, and standards are enforced by multiple authorities and governing bodies in the United States, including federal agencies, such as the FDIC, the SEC, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB"), and Office of Foreign Assets Control, self-regulatory organizations, and numerous state and local agencies, such as the Utah Department of Financial Institutions. Outside of the United States, we are subject to additional regulators, authorities, and governing bodies. As we expand into new jurisdictions, expand our product offerings in existing jurisdictions, or as laws, regulations, and standards evolve, the number of foreign regulations and regulators, authorities, and governing bodies governing our business will expand as well. For example, in connection with our acquisition of Afterpay we established a secondary listing on the ASX, subjecting us to additional listing requirements. As our business and products continue to develop and expand, we may become subject to additional rules, regulations, and industry standards. We may not always be able to accurately predict the scope or applicability of certain regulations to our business, particularly as we expand into new areas of operations, which could have a significant negative effect on our existing business and our ability to pursue future plans. 
 
 Laws, regulations, and standards are subject to changes and evolving interpretations and application, including by means of legislative changes and/or executive orders, and may not be consistent across jurisdictions or regulatory bodies. It can be difficult to predict how such laws, regulations, and standards may be applied to our business and the way we conduct our operations, particularly as we introduce new products and services and expand into new jurisdictions. 
 
 For example, Cash App includes a feature that permits our customers to buy and sell bitcoin. Bitcoin is not widely accepted as legal tender or backed by governments around the world, and it has experienced price volatility, technological glitches, security compromises, and various law enforcement and regulatory interventions. Certain existing laws also prohibit transactions with certain persons and entities, and we have a risk-based program in place to prevent such transactions. Despite this, due to the nature of bitcoin and blockchain technology, we may not be able to prevent all such transactions, and there can be no guarantee that our measures will be viewed as sufficient. The regulation of bitcoin, as well as cryptocurrency and crypto platforms is an evolving area, and we could become subject to additional legislation or regulation in the future. As an example, the FinCEN has issued a proposed rule that would require bitcoin providers like us to keep additional records of and file additional reports to FinCEN of certain bitcoin transaction information. There are substantial uncertainties on how these proposed requirements would apply in practice, and we may face substantial compliance costs to operationalize and comply with these requirements should FinCEN finalize this rule as proposed. If we fail to comply with regulations or prohibitions applicable to us, we could face regulatory or other enforcement actions, potential fines, reputational harm, and other consequences. Further, we might not be able to continue operating the feature in Cash App, at least in current form, or might need to make other changes to our business, our products or our services, which could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decrease. 
 
 47 

We are subject to audits, inspections, inquiries, and investigations from regulators, authorities, and governing bodies, as applicable, on an ongoing basis. Although we have a compliance program focused on the laws, rules, regulations, and standards applicable to our business, we have been and are still subject to audits, inspections, inquiries, investigations, fines, or other actions or penalties in one or more jurisdictions levied by regulators, including federal agencies, state Attorneys General and private plaintiffs who may be acting as private attorneys general pursuant to various applicable laws, as well as those levied by foreign regulators, authorities, and governing bodies. For example, we received inquiries from the SEC and Department of Justice shortly after the publication of a short seller report in March 2023. We believe the inquiries primarily relate to the allegations raised in the short seller report. In addition to fines, penalties for failing to comply with applicable rules and regulations could include significant criminal and civil lawsuits, forfeiture of significant assets, increased licensure requirements, revocation of licenses or other enforcement actions. We have been and may be required to make changes to our business practices or compliance programs as a result of regulatory scrutiny. In addition, any perceived or actual failure by us to comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations, and standards could have a significant impact on our reputation as a trusted brand and could cause us to lose existing customers, prevent us from obtaining new customers, require us to expend significant funds to remedy problems caused by breaches and to avert further breaches, and expose us to legal risk and potential criminal and civil liability. 
 
 48 

Our business is subject to complex and evolving regulations and oversight related to privacy, data protection, and information security. 
 
 We are subject to laws and regulations relating to the collection, use, retention, privacy, protection, security, and transfer of information, including personal information of our employees and customers. As with the other laws and regulations noted above, these laws and regulations may change or be interpreted and applied differently over time and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and it is possible they will be interpreted and applied in ways that will materially and adversely affect our business. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and similar legislation in the United Kingdom U.K. impose stringent privacy and data protection requirements and provide for greater penalties for noncompliance of up to the greater of 4 of worldwide annual revenue or 20 million or 17.5 million, as applicable. The GDPR restricts international data transfers from the EU to other jurisdictions unless the rights of the individual data subjects in respect of their personal data is protected by an approved transfer mechanism, or one of a limited number of exceptions applies. The U.K. s data protection regime contains similar requirements. When transferring personal data from the EU to other jurisdictions, we utilize standard contractual clauses published by the EU Commission (the "SCCs"). On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union CJEU issued a decision that may impose additional obligations on companies when relying on those SCCs. On July 10, 2023, the European Commission issued its adequacy decision for the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, concluding that the DPF ensures U.S. protection of personal data transferred between the countries is comparable to that offered in the EU. These and other developments relating to cross-border data transfer could result in increased costs of compliance and limitations on our customers and us. Additionally, legal or regulatory challenges or other developments relating to cross-border data transfer may serve as a basis for our personal data handling practices, or those of our customers and vendors, to be challenged and may otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. In the U.K., the Data Protection Act and legislation referred to as the UK GDPR substantially enact the EU GDPR into U.K. law, with penalties for noncompliance of up to the greater of 17.5 million or four percent of worldwide revenues. The European Commission has issued an adequacy decision under the GDPR and the Law Enforcement Directive, pursuant to which personal data generally may be transferred from the EU to the U.K. without restriction, subject to a four-year sunset period, after which the European Commission s adequacy decision may be renewed. During that period, the European Commission will continue to monitor the legal situation in the U.K. and may intervene at any time with respect to its adequacy decision. The UK s adequacy determination therefore is subject to future uncertainty and may be subject to modification or revocation in the future. We could be required to make additional changes to the way we conduct our business and transmit data between the U.S., the U.K., the EU, and the rest of the world. Further, in addition to the GDPR, the European Commission has a draft regulation in the approval process that focuses on a person s right to conduct a private life. The proposed legislation, known as the Regulation of Privacy and Electronic Communications ePrivacy Regulation ), would replace the current ePrivacy Directive. If adopted, it would carry broad potential impacts on the use of internet-based services and tracking technologies, such as cookies. We expect to incur additional costs to comply with the requirements of the ePrivacy Regulation as it is finalized for implementation. Additionally, on January 13, 2022, the Austrian data protection regulator published a decision ruling that the collection of personal data and transfer to the U.S. through Google Analytics and other analytics and tracking tools used by website operators violates the GDPR. The Dutch, French and Italian data protection regulators have adopted similar decisions. Other data protection regulators in the EU increasingly are focused on the use of online tracking tools. Any of these changes or other developments with respect to EU data protection law could disrupt our business and otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, some countries are considering or have enacted legislation addressing matters such as requirements for local storage and processing of data that could impact our compliance obligations, expose us to liability, and increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services. 
 
 Likewise, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA became effective on January 1, 2020 and was modified by the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which was passed in November 2020 and became effective on January 1, 2023. The CCPA and CPRA impose stringent data privacy and data protection requirements relating to personal information of California residents, and provide for penalties for noncompliance of up to 7,500 per violation. Aspects of the interpretation and enforcement of the CCPA and CPRA remain unclear. More generally, privacy, data protection, and information security continue to be rapidly evolving areas, and further legislative activity has arisen and will likely continue to arise in the U.S., the EU, and other jurisdictions. For example, several states in the U.S. have proposed or enacted laws that contain obligations similar to the CCPA and CPRA that have taken effect or will take effect in coming years. The U.S. federal government also is contemplating federal privacy legislation. The effects of recently proposed or enacted legislation potentially are far-reaching and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. Further, variances in these laws and regulations or their interpretations may increase our compliance costs. 
 
 49 

We have incurred, and may continue to incur, significant expenses to comply with evolving privacy, data protection, and information security standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards, shifting consumer expectations, or contractual obligations. Laws and regulations directed at privacy, data protection, and information security, and those that have been applied in those areas, can be challenging to comply with and may be subject to evolving interpretations or applications. In particular, with laws and regulations such as the GDPR in the EU and the CCPA, CPRA, and other laws in the U.S. imposing new and relatively burdensome obligations, and with the interpretation and application of these and other laws and regulations subject to evolving and uncertain interpretation and application, we may face challenges in addressing their requirements and making necessary changes to our policies and practices, and we may incur significant costs and expenses in an effort to do so. Any failure, real or perceived, by us to comply with our privacy, data protection, or information security policies, changing consumer expectations, or with any evolving legal or regulatory requirements, industry standards, or contractual obligations could result in claims, demands, and litigation by private parties, investigations and other proceedings by regulatory authorities, and fines, penalties and other liabilities, may harm our reputation and competitive position, and may cause our customers to reduce their use of our products and services, disrupt our supply chain or third-party vendor or developer partnerships, and materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 We are subject to risks related to litigation, including intellectual property claims, government investigations or inquiries, and regulatory matters or disputes. 
 
 We are currently, and may continue to be, subject to claims, lawsuits (including class actions and individual lawsuits), disputes, investigations, subpoenas, inquiries or audits, and other actions or proceedings, including from regulatory bodies and governmental agencies. The number and significance of our legal disputes and inquiries have increased as we have grown larger, as our business has expanded in scope and geographic reach, and as our products and services have increased in complexity, and we expect that we will continue to face additional legal disputes as we continue to grow and expand. We also receive significant media attention, which could result in increased litigation or other legal or regulatory reviews and proceedings. Moreover, legal disputes or government or regulatory inquiries or findings may cause follow-on litigation or regulatory scrutiny by additional parties. These claims, lawsuits, investigations, subpoenas, inquiries, audits and other actions may require significant time and expense even if we are successful in resolving the matter, and the outcomes can be uncertain and unpredictable and may involve material penalties, fines or restrictions on our business. 
 
 Some of the laws and regulations affecting the internet, mobile commerce, payment processing, BNPL, bitcoin and equity investing, streaming service, business financing, and employment were not written with businesses like ours in mind, and many of the laws and regulations, including those affecting us have been enacted relatively recently. As a result, there is substantial uncertainty regarding the scope and application of many of the laws and regulations to which we are or may be subject, which increases the risk that we will be subject to claims alleging violations of those laws and regulations. The scope, outcome, and impact of claims, lawsuits, government or regulatory investigations, subpoenas, inquiries or audits, and other proceedings to which we are subject cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, such investigations and legal proceedings can have a material and adverse impact on us due to their costs, diversion of our resources, and other factors. Plaintiffs may seek, and we may become subject to, preliminary or provisional rulings in the course of litigation, including preliminary injunctions requiring us to cease some or all of our operations. We may decide to settle legal disputes on terms that are unfavorable to us. We have also been accused of having, or may be found to have, infringed or violated third-party copyrights, patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights. If any litigation to which we are a party is resolved adversely, we may be subject to an unfavorable judgment that we may not choose to appeal or that may not be reversed upon appeal. We have, from time to time, needed to obtain a license to continue existing practices as a result of changes in law or for which we are found to be in violation of a third-party s rights. We may also need to change, restrict or cease certain practices altogether. If we are required, or choose to enter into, royalty or licensing arrangements, such arrangements may not be available on reasonable terms or at all and may significantly increase our operating costs and expenses. As a result, we may also be required to develop or procure alternative non-infringing technology or discontinue use of technology, and doing so could require significant effort and expense or may not be feasible. In addition, the terms of any settlement or judgment in connection with any legal claims, lawsuits, or proceedings may require us to cease some or all of our operations or to pay substantial amounts to the other party and could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 50 

As a licensed money transmitter, we are subject to important obligations and restrictions. 
 
 We have obtained licenses to operate as a money transmitter (or as other financial services institutions) in the U.S. and in the states where this is required, as well as in some non-U.S. jurisdictions, including but not limited to the EU, the U.K., and Australia. As a licensed money transmitter, we are subject to obligations and restrictions with respect to the investment of customer funds, reporting requirements, bonding requirements, and inspection by state and federal regulatory agencies concerning those aspects of our business considered money transmission. Evaluation of our compliance efforts, as well as the questions of whether and to what extent our products and services are considered money transmission, are matters of regulatory interpretation and could change over time. In the past, we have been subject to fines and other penalties by regulatory authorities due to their interpretations and applications to our business of their respective state money transmission laws. In the future, as a result of the regulations applicable to our business, we could be subject to investigations and resulting liability, including governmental fines, restrictions on our business, or other sanctions, and we could be forced to cease conducting business in certain jurisdictions, be forced to otherwise change our business practices in certain jurisdictions, or be required to obtain additional licenses or regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any such licenses, and, even if we were able to do so, there could be substantial costs and potential product changes involved in maintaining such licenses, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We are subject to a number of regulatory risks in the BNPL space. 
 
 The regulation of BNPL products is evolving, and it is possible that states or countries pass new or additional regulations or additional and changing legal, regulatory, tax, licensing, and compliance requirements and industry standards that could adversely impact our BNPL products or the way we operate our BNPL platform. In addition, the CFPB recently announced plans to regulate companies offering BNPL products. Increased compliance obligations and regulatory scrutiny may negatively impact our revenue and profitability. Any inability, or perceived inability, to comply with existing or new compliance obligations issued by the CFPB or any other regulatory authority, including with respect to BNPL products, could lead to regulatory investigations, or result in administrative or enforcement action, such as fines, penalties, and/or enforceable undertakings and adversely affect us and our results of operations. Regulatory scrutiny or changes in the BNPL space may impose significant compliance costs and make it uneconomical for us to continue to operate in our current markets or for us to expand into new markets. 
 
 Our subsidiary Cash App Investing is a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and a member of FINRA, and therefore is subject to extensive regulation and scrutiny. 
 
 Our subsidiary Cash App Investing facilitates transactions in shares and fractionalized shares of publicly-traded stock and exchange-traded funds by users of our Cash App through a third-party clearing and carrying broker, DriveWealth LLC DriveWealth ). Cash App Investing is registered with the SEC as a broker-dealer under the Exchange Act and is a member of FINRA. Therefore, Cash App Investing is subject to regulation, examination, and supervision by the SEC, FINRA, and state securities regulators. The regulations applicable to broker-dealers cover all aspects of the securities business, including sales practices, use and safekeeping of clients funds and securities, capital adequacy, record-keeping, and the conduct and qualification of officers, employees, and independent contractors. As part of the regulatory process, broker-dealers are subject to periodic examinations by their regulators, the purpose of which is to determine compliance with securities laws and regulations, and from time to time may be subject to additional routine and for-cause examinations. It is not uncommon for regulators to assert, upon completion of an examination, that the broker-dealer being examined has violated certain of these rules and regulations. Depending on the nature and extent of the violations, the broker-dealer may be required to pay a fine and/or be subject to other forms of disciplinary and corrective action. Additionally, the adverse publicity arising from the imposition of sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing customers or fail to gain new customers. 
 
 The SEC, FINRA, and state regulators have the authority to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against broker-dealers, whether arising out of examinations or otherwise, for violations of state and federal securities laws. Administrative sanctions can include cease-and-desist orders, censure, fines, and disgorgement and may even result in the suspension or expulsion of the firm from the securities industry. Similar sanctions may be imposed upon officers, directors, representatives, and employees. 
 
 51 

Cash App Investing has adopted, and regularly reviews and updates, various policies, controls, and procedures designed for compliance with Cash App Investing s regulatory obligations. However, appropriately addressing Cash App Investing s regulatory obligations is complex and difficult, and our reputation could be damaged if we fail, or appear to fail, to appropriately address them. Failure to adhere to these policies and procedures may also result in regulatory sanctions or litigation against us. Cash App Investing also relies on various third parties, including DriveWealth, to provide services, including managing and executing customer orders, and failure of these third parties to adequately perform these services may negatively impact customer experience, product performance, and our reputation and may also result in regulatory sanctions or litigation against us or Cash App Investing. 
 
 In the event of any regulatory action or scrutiny, we or Cash App Investing could also be required to make changes to our business practices or compliance programs. In addition, any perceived or actual breach of compliance by Cash App Investing with respect to applicable laws, rules, and regulations could have a significant impact on our reputation, could cause us to lose existing customers, prevent us from obtaining new customers, require us to expend significant funds to remedy problems caused by breaches and to avert further breaches, and expose us to legal risk, including litigation against us, and potential liability. 
 
 Cash App Investing is subject to net capital and other regulatory capital requirements; failure to comply with these rules could harm our business. 
 
 Our subsidiary Cash App Investing is subject to the net capital requirements of the SEC and FINRA. These requirements typically specify the minimum level of net capital a broker-dealer must maintain and also mandate that a significant part of its assets be kept in relatively liquid form. Failure to maintain the required net capital may subject a firm to limitation of its activities, including suspension or revocation of its registration by the SEC and suspension or expulsion by FINRA, and ultimately may require its liquidation. Currently, Cash App Investing has relatively low net capital requirements, because it does not hold customer funds or securities, but instead facilitates the transmission and delivery of those funds on behalf of customers to DriveWealth or back to the applicable customer. However, a change in the net capital rules, a change in how Cash App Investing handles or holds customer assets, or the imposition of new rules affecting the scope, coverage, calculation, or amount of net capital requirements could have adverse effects. Finally, because Cash App Investing is subject to such net capital requirements, we may be required to inject additional capital into Cash App Investing from time to time and as such, we may have liability and/or our larger business may be affected by any of these outcomes. 
 
 It is possible that FINRA will require changes to our business practices based on our ownership of Cash App Investing, which could impose additional costs or disrupt our business. 
 
 In certain cases, FINRA has required unregistered affiliates of broker-dealers to comply with additional regulatory requirements, including, among others, handling all securities or other financial transactions through the affiliated broker-dealer or conforming all marketing and advertising materials to the requirements applicable to broker-dealers. We do not currently believe that these types of requirements apply to any aspect of our business other than the securities transactions facilitated through the Cash App. It is possible that, in the future, FINRA could require us to comply with additional regulations in the conduct of other activities (i.e., beyond the securities transactions made through the Cash App). If that were to occur, it could require significant changes to our business practices. These and other changes would impose significantly greater costs on us and disrupt existing practices in ways that could negatively affect our overarching business and profitability. 
 
 52 

Our subsidiary Square Financial Services is a Utah state-chartered industrial loan company, which requires that we serve as a source of financial strength to it and subjects us to potential regulatory sanctions. 
 
 On March 1, 2021, Square Financial Services received its deposit insurance from the FDIC and charter approval from the Utah Department of Financial Institutions and became operational. The FDIA requires that we serve as a source of financial strength to Square Financial Services. This means that we are required by law to provide financial assistance to Square Financial Services in the event that it experiences financial distress. In this regard, the FDIC s approval requires that Square Financial Services have initial paid-in capital of not less than approximately 56 million, and at all times meet or exceed the regulatory capital levels required for Square Financial Services to be considered well capitalized under the FDIC s prompt corrective action rules. The regulatory total capital and leverage ratios of Square Financial Services during the first three years of operation may not be less than the levels provided in Square Financial Services business plan approved by the FDIC. Thereafter, the regulatory capital ratios must be annually approved by the FDIC, and in no event may Square Financial Services leverage ratio be less than twenty percent, as calculated in accordance with FDIC regulations. If Square Financial Services' total capital or leverage ratios fall below the levels required by the FDIC, we will need to provide sufficient capital to Square Financial Services so as to enable it to maintain its required regulatory capital ratios. If the FDIC were to increase Square Financial Services capital requirements, it could negatively impact our business and operations and those of Square Financial Services. 
 
 The FDIC s approval is also contingent on us maintaining a Capital and Liquidity Maintenance Agreement as well as a Parent Company Agreement. The Capital and Liquidity Maintenance Agreement requires, among other things, that we maintain the leverage ratio of Square Financial Services at a minimum of 20 percent following the first three years of Square Financial Services operations; maintain a third-party line of credit for the benefit of Square Financial Services acceptable to the FDIC; purchase any loan from Square Financial Services at the greater of the cost basis or fair market value, if deemed necessary by the FDIC or Square Financial Services; and establish and maintain a reserve deposit of 50 million at an unaffiliated third-party bank that Square Financial Services could draw upon in the event that we fail to provide sufficient funds to maintain Square Financial Services capital ratios at the required levels. The Parent Company Agreement requires, among other things, that we consent to the FDIC s examination of us and our subsidiaries; limit our representation on Square Financial Services board of directors to no more than 25 percent; submit a contingency plan to the FDIC that describes likely scenarios of significant financial or operational stress and, if we were unable to serve as a source of financial strength, options for the orderly wind down or sale of Square Financial Services; and engage a third party to review and provide periodic reports concerning the effectiveness of our complaint response system. Jack Dorsey, who is considered our controlling shareholder in this context, also agreed to cause us to perform under these agreements. Should we fail to comply with these obligations, we could be subject to regulatory sanctions. In addition, any failure by Square Financial Services to comply with applicable laws, rules, and regulations could also subject us and Square Financial Services to regulatory sanctions. These sanctions could adversely impact our reputation and our business, require us to expend significant funds for remediation, and expose us to litigation and other potential liability. 
 
 Square Financial Services is subject to extensive supervision and regulation, including the Dodd-Frank Act and its related regulations, which are subject to change and could involve material costs or affect operations. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the "Dodd-Frank Act") effected significant changes to U.S. financial regulations and required rule making by U.S. financial regulators including adding a new Section 13 to the Bank Holding Company Act known as the Volcker Rule. The Volcker Rule generally restricts certain banking entities (such as Square Financial Services) from engaging in proprietary trading activities and from having an ownership interest in or sponsoring any private equity funds or hedge funds (or certain other private issuing entities). The current activities of Square Financial Services have not been and are not expected to be materially affected by the Volcker Rule. Nevertheless, we cannot predict whether, or in what form, any other proposed regulations or statutes or changes to implementing regulations will be adopted or the extent to which the business operations of Square Financial Services may be affected by any new regulation or statute. Such changes could subject our business to additional compliance burden, costs, and possibly limit the types of financial services and products we may offer. 
 
 Square Financial Services is also subject to the requirements in Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve Board s implementing Regulation W, which regulate loans, extensions of credit, purchases of assets, and certain other transactions between an insured depository institution (such as Square Financial Services) and its affiliates. The statute and regulation require Square Financial Services to impose certain quantitative limits, collateral requirements, and other restrictions on covered transactions between Square Financial Services and its affiliates and requires all transactions be on market terms and conditions consistent with safe and sound banking practices. 
 53 

Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brand. 
 
 Our trade secrets, trademarks, copyrights, patents, and other intellectual property rights are critical to our success. We rely on, and expect to continue to rely on, a combination of confidentiality, invention assignment, and license agreements with our employees, consultants, and third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, trade dress, domain name, copyright, trade secret, and patent rights, to protect our brand and other intellectual property rights. However, various events outside of our control may pose a threat to our intellectual property rights, as well as to our products and services. Effective protection of intellectual property rights is expensive and difficult to maintain, both in terms of application and maintenance costs, as well as the costs of defending and enforcing those rights. The efforts we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights may not be sufficient or effective. Our intellectual property rights may be infringed, misappropriated, or challenged, which could result in them being narrowed in scope or declared invalid or unenforceable. Similarly, our reliance on unpatented proprietary information and technology, such as trade secrets and confidential information, depends in part on agreements we have in place with employees and third parties that place restrictions on the use and disclosure of this intellectual property. These agreements may be insufficient or may be breached, or we may not enter into sufficient agreements with such individuals in the first instance, in either case potentially resulting in the unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets and other intellectual property, including to our competitors, which could cause us to lose any competitive advantage resulting from this intellectual property. Individuals not subject to invention assignment agreements may make adverse ownership claims to our current and future intellectual property. There can be no assurance that our intellectual property rights will be sufficient to protect against others offering products or services that are substantially similar to ours and that compete with our business. 
 
 We routinely apply for patents in the U.S. and internationally to protect innovative ideas in our technology, but we may not always be successful in obtaining patent grants from these applications. We also pursue registration of copyrights, trademarks, and domain names in the United States and in certain jurisdictions outside of the United States, but doing so may not always be successful or cost-effective. In general, we may be unable or, in some instances, choose not to obtain legal protection for our intellectual property, and our existing and future intellectual property rights may not provide us with competitive advantages or distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and effective intellectual property protection and mechanisms may not be available in those jurisdictions. We may need to expend additional resources to defend our intellectual property in these countries, and the inability to do so could impair our business or adversely affect our international expansion. Our intellectual property rights may be contested, circumvented, or found unenforceable or invalid, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing, diluting, or otherwise violating them. Additionally, our intellectual property rights and other confidential business information are subject to risks of compromise or unauthorized disclosure if our security measures or those of our third-party service providers are unable to prevent cyber-attacks. Unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property rights may also occur if third parties were to breach the licensing terms under which certain of our innovations are offered broadly, including under open source licenses. Furthermore, the growing use of generative AI presents an increased risk of unintentional and/or unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property rights. Significant impairments of our intellectual property rights, and limitations on our ability to assert our intellectual property rights against others, could have a material and adverse effect on our business. 
 
 54 

Assertions by third parties of infringement or other violation by us of their intellectual property rights could harm our business. 
 
 Third parties have asserted, and may in the future assert, that we have infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated their copyrights, patents, and other intellectual property rights. Although we expend significant resources to seek to comply with the statutory, regulatory, and judicial frameworks and the terms and conditions of statutory licenses, we cannot assure you that we are not infringing or violating any third-party intellectual property rights, or that we will not do so in the future, particularly as new technologies such as generative AI impact the industries in which we operate. It is difficult to predict whether assertions of third-party intellectual property rights or any infringement or misappropriation claims arising from such assertions will substantially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. If we are forced to defend against any infringement or misappropriation claims, whether they are with or without merit, are settled out of court, or are determined in our favor, we may be required to expend significant time and financial resources on the defense of such claims. Legal and regulatory changes in this area may also present uncertainty and risk. For instance, the Unified Patent Court in the European Union creates an opportunity to efficiently resolve such claims in a specialized forum, while also introducing limited operational uncertainty as the court s procedures and processes scale. Regardless of the forum, an adverse outcome of a dispute may require us to pay significant damages, which may be even greater if we are found to have willfully infringed upon a party s intellectual property; cease exploiting copyrighted content that we have previously had the ability to exploit; cease using solutions that are alleged to infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property of others; expend additional development resources to redesign our solutions; enter into potentially unfavorable royalty or license agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies, content, or materials; indemnify our partners and other third parties; and/or take other actions that may have material and adverse effects on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Increased scrutiny from investors, regulators, and other stakeholders relating to environmental, social, and governance issues could result in additional costs for us and may adversely impact our reputation. 
 
 Investors, regulators, customers, employees and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social, and governance ESG matters. Our ESG strategy is focused on four key areas: driving financial inclusion throughout our ecosystem and in our communities, taking climate action for a more resilient and sustainable future, advancing inclusion and diversity across our distributed workplace, and designing corporate governance to promote trust and long-term value, and we publicly report on certain commitments, initiatives, and goals regarding ESG matters in our annual Corporate Social Responsibility Report, on our website, in our SEC filings, and elsewhere. For example, we are committed to increasing the diversity of our workforce and one of our climate change goals is to have net zero carbon for operations by 2030. The implementation of our ESG commitments, initiatives, and goals may require additional investments, and in certain cases, are reliant on third-party verification and/or performance, and we cannot guarantee that we will make progress on our commitments and initiatives or achieve our goals. If we fail, or are perceived to fail, to make such progress or achievements, or to maintain ESG practices that meet evolving stakeholder expectations, or if we revise any of our ESG commitments, initiatives, or goals, our reputation and our ability to attract and retain employees could be harmed, and we may be negatively perceived by investors or our customers. To the extent that our required or voluntary disclosures about ESG matters increase, we could also be criticized or face claims regarding the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of such disclosures and our reputation could be negatively impacted, or we could face claims regarding our policies and programs. In addition, regulatory requirements with respect to carbon emissions disclosures and other aspects of ESG may result in increased compliance requirements on our business and supply chain, and may increase our operating costs. For example, in October 2023, the California Governor signed into law the Climate-Related Financial Risk Act and the Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act, which significantly expand climate-related disclosure requirements for companies doing business in California, and the SEC has proposed extensive climate disclosures that will apply to all public companies. 
 
 55 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 The dual class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control within our stockholders who held our stock prior to our initial public offering, including many of our employees and directors and their affiliates; this will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters. 
 
 Our Class B common stock has ten votes per share, and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. Stockholders who hold shares of Class B common stock, including certain of our executive officers, employees, and directors and their affiliates, held approximately 52.14 of the voting power of our combined outstanding capital stock as of December 31, 2023. Because of the ten-to-one voting ratio between our Class B and Class A common stock, the holders of our Class B common stock collectively hold more than a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock, and therefore such holders are able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. When the shares of our Class B common stock represent less than 5 of the combined voting power of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock, the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock. 
 
 Transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions. Such conversions of Class B common stock to Class A common stock upon transfer will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long term. If, for example, our Class B stockholders retain shares of Class B common stock constituting as little as 10 of all outstanding shares of our Class A and Class B common stock combined, they will continue to control a majority of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock. 
 
 The market price of our Class A common stock has been and will likely continue to be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 The market price of our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. In addition to the factors discussed in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, factors that could cause fluctuations in the market price of our Class A common stock include the following: 
 
 general economic, regulatory, and market conditions, in particular conditions that adversely affect our sellers business and the amount of transactions they are processing; 
 
 public health crises and related measures to protect the public health; 
 
 sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 
 
 issuance of shares of our Class A common stock, whether in connection with an acquisition or upon conversion of some or all of our outstanding Convertible Notes; 
 
 short selling of our Class A common stock or related derivative securities; 
 
 from time to time we make investments in equity that is, or may become, publicly held, and we may experience volatility due to changes in the market prices of such equity investments; 
 
 fluctuations in the price of bitcoin, and potentially any impairment charges in connection with our investments in bitcoin; 
 
 reports by securities or industry analysts, media or other third parties, that are interpreted either negatively or positively by investors, failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage and/or to provide accurate consensus results of us, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts who follow us, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 
 the financial or other projections we may provide to the public, any changes in those projections, or our failure to meet those projections; 
 
 announcements by us or our competitors of new products or services; 
 56 

rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 
 
 actual or perceived security incidents that we or our service providers may suffer; and 
 
 actual or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors businesses, or the competitive landscape generally. 
 
 In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 
 
 Our Class A common stock is listed to trade on more than one stock exchange, and this may result in price variations. 
 
 Our Class A common stock is listed for trade on the NYSE and as CDIs on the ASX. Dual-listing may result in price variations between the exchanges due to a number of factors. Our Class A common stock is traded in U.S. dollars on the NYSE and our CDIs are traded in Australian Dollars on the ASX. The two exchanges also have differing vacation schedules. Differences in the trading schedules, as well as volatility in the exchange rate of the two currencies, among other factors, may result in different trading prices for our Class A common stock on the two exchanges. 
 
 The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of our Class A common stock. 
 
 In connection with the issuance of each series of our Convertible Notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions with the option counterparties. We also entered into warrant transactions with the option counterparties pursuant to which we sold warrants for the purchase of our Class A common stock. The convertible note hedge transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to our Class A common stock upon any conversion of the Convertible Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Convertible Notes, as the case may be. The warrant transactions would separately have a dilutive effect to the extent that the market price per share of our Class A common stock exceeds the strike price of any warrants unless, subject to the terms of the warrant transactions, we elect to cash settle the warrants. 
 
 From time to time, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivative transactions with respect to our Class A common stock and/or purchasing or selling our Class A common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the Convertible Notes. This activity could cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, and provisions of Delaware law could impair a takeover attempt. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation certificate of incorporation ), our amended and restated bylaws bylaws ), and Delaware law contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors and therefore depress the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Among other things, our dual-class common stock structure provides our holders of Class B common stock with the ability to significantly influence the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less than a majority of the shares of our outstanding shares of common stock. Further, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws include provisions (i) creating a classified board of directors whose members serve staggered three-year terms; (ii) authorizing blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors without stockholder approval and may contain voting, liquidation, dividend, and other rights superior to our common stock; (iii) limiting the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings; (iv) eliminating the ability of our stockholders to act by written consent without a meeting or to remove directors without cause; and (v) requiring advance notice of stockholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of our stockholders and for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors. These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our management. 
 
 57 

As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prevents certain stockholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding capital stock from engaging in certain business combinations without the approval of our board of directors or the holders of at least two-thirds of our outstanding capital stock not held by such stockholder. 
 
 Any provision of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our capital stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Class A common stock. 
 
 Our bylaws provide that (1) the Delaware Court of Chancery or another state court or federal court located within the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders and (2) the federal district courts of the U.S. will be the exclusive forum for all causes of action arising under the Securities Act, which could limit our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware does not have jurisdiction, another state court in Delaware or federal district court for the District of Delaware) is the exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, or other employees to us or to our stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases subject to the court having jurisdiction over the claims at issue and the indispensable parties. The choice of forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act. 
 
 Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our bylaws also provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing bylaw provisions. Although we believe these exclusive forum provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws in the types of lawsuits to which each applies, the exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, stockholders, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims against us and our current and former directors, officers, stockholders, or other employees. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder as a result of our exclusive forum provisions. Further, in the event a court finds either exclusive forum provision contained in our bylaws to be unenforceable or inapplicable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our results of operations. 
 58 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 
 We have a cybersecurity risk management program consisting of policies and procedures for assessing, identifying, and managing material risk from cybersecurity threats, and we have integrated these policies and procedures into our overall risk management systems and processes. Our cybersecurity policies and procedures are based on recognized frameworks established by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the International Organization for Standardization and other applicable industry standards. We routinely assess material risks from cybersecurity threats and regularly assess and update our cybersecurity risk management program in response to emerging trends and changes in our operations. 
 
 Our risk management program includes, among other elements: 
 
 Identification: We aim to proactively identify sources of risk, areas of impact, and relevant events that could give rise to cybersecurity risks, such as changes to our infrastructure, service providers, or personnel. 
 
 Assessment: We conduct periodic risk assessments to identify cybersecurity threats. We also conduct likelihood and impact assessments with the goal of identifying reasonably foreseeable internal and external risks, the likelihood and potential damage that could result from such risks, and the sufficiency of existing policies, procedures, systems, and safeguards in place to manage such risks. 
 
 Management: Following our risk assessments, we design and implement reasonable safeguards to address any identified gaps in our existing processes and procedures. Our employees participate in cybersecurity training and awareness upon hire and at least annually thereafter. 
 
 We engage third parties, including consultants and auditors, to evaluate the effectiveness of our risk management program, control environment, and cybersecurity practices through security audits, penetration testing, and other engagements. 
 
 We have processes in place to identify, review and evaluate cybersecurity risks associated with our use of third-party service providers. These reviews are conducted at onboarding and periodically throughout the tenure of the service provider based on risk tier rating of each service provider. We believe these processes enable us to evaluate a third-party service provider s security posture, identify risks that may arise out of our use of the third party s service, and make decisions regarding acceptable levels of risk and risk mitigation. 
 
 For additional information regarding whether any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our company, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition, please refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors, in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Board and Management s Role in Data Privacy and Cybersecurity Oversight 
 
 Our board of directors recognizes the oversight of risk management as one of its primary responsibilities and central to maintaining an effective, risk-aware and accountable organization. While the board of directors maintains ultimate responsibility for the oversight of our data privacy and cybersecurity program and risks, it has delegated certain oversight responsibilities to our audit and risk committee. Our board of directors and audit and risk committee s principal role is one of oversight, recognizing that management is responsible for the design, implementation, and maintenance of an effective program for protecting against and mitigating data privacy and cybersecurity risks. The audit and risk committee assists the board of directors in enhancing its understanding of data privacy and cybersecurity issues by overseeing our data privacy and information security programs, strategy, policies, standards, architecture, processes, and significant risks, as well as overseeing responses to security and data incidents, as appropriate. 
 
 59 

The full board of directors undergoes annual information security and privacy training by our Chief Information Security Officer CISO and our Chief Privacy Officer CPO ), which covers, among other matters, our privacy and cybersecurity programs and risks. Our audit and risk committee receives updates, at least quarterly, from our CISO and CPO on significant data privacy and security risks, including any significant incidents, relevant industry developments, threat vectors and significant risks identified in periodic penetration tests or vulnerability scans. The updates also include significant legal and legislative developments concerning data privacy and security, our approach to complying with applicable law, and significant engagement with regulators concerning data privacy and cybersecurity. Our audit committee provides regular updates to the board of directors on such reports. 
 
 Our CISO oversees our cybersecurity policies and processes, including those described in Risk Management and Strategy above. Our foundational engineering, data security governance, infrastructure security, product security and security operations teams report directly to our CISO and provide regular updates on significant or potentially significant threats and incidents. Additionally, we have an incident response team and an incident response plan that outlines the roles and responsibilities of key personnel, including representatives from information security, compliance, and counsel, that are involved in responding to, remediating and escalating such incidents to the CISO, as appropriate. Our CISO reports directly to our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer and indirectly to our audit and risk committee. Our CISO provides updates on significant or potentially significant threats and incidents to our Block Head and leadership team, in addition to the audit and risk committee and our board of directors as appropriate and in accordance with the processes detailed in the prior paragraph. 
 
 Our CISO and Deputy CISO are primarily responsible for assessing and managing our material risks from cybersecurity threats. Our CISO has served in various roles building and securing enterprise platforms across retail, corporate and investment banking financial services as well as consumer experiences and data at multiple Fortune 500 companies for over 25 years. Our Deputy CISO has over 20 years of experience in information security, including serving as head of cybersecurity and privacy response at a global public company and information security leadership positions with the United States government. Our Deputy CISO holds undergraduate and graduate degrees in computer information systems and computer science with an information security focus and possesses various certifications, including the Information Systems Security Professional (NSTISSI No. 4011) and Information Systems Security Officer (CNSSI No. 4014) certifications. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 We do not designate a headquarters location as we have adopted a distributed work model. We lease space in San Francisco, California, for product development, sales, marketing, and business operations and vacated most of the space at the end of 2023. We also lease space in New York, New York for a product development, sales, and business operations office under a lease that expires in 2025 and office space in Oakland, California for general corporate purposes under a lease that expires in 2031. In July 2019, the Company entered into a lease arrangement for office space in St Louis, Missouri, for a term of 15.5 years with options to extend the lease term for two 5-year terms. In January 2023, we informed the landlord of this property of our intention to exercise an early termination option of the lease with respect to approximately 50 of the leased space effective December 31, 2023. In addition, we also have offices in several other locations and believe our facilities are sufficient for our current needs. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are currently a party to, and may in the future be involved in, various litigation matters (including intellectual property litigation), legal claims, and government investigations. Refer to Note 20, Commitments and Contingencies within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 In addition, from time to time, we are involved in various other legal matters, investigations, claims, and disputes arising in the ordinary course of business. We cannot at this time fairly estimate a reasonable range of exposure, if any, of the potential liability with respect to these other matters. While we do not believe, at this time, that any ultimate liability resulting from any of these other matters will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity, we cannot give any assurance regarding the ultimate outcome of these other matters, and their resolution could be material to our operating results for any particular period. 
 
 60 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 61 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 
 Our Class A common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SQ . Our CDIs are traded on the ASX under the symbol SQ2 . There is no public trading market for our Class B common stock. 
 
 Holders of Record 
 
 As of February 16, 2024, there were 637 holders of record of our Class A common stock and 26 holders of record of our Class B common stock. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial owners of our Class A common stock represented by these record holders. As of February 16, 2024, we estimate that we have approximately 41,547 holders of record of our CDIs. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We have never declared nor paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We do not expect to pay any dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions, and other factors that our board of directors considers relevant. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 In October 2023, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 1 billion of the Company s Class A common stock. Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of its Class A common stock and may be suspended at any time at the Company s discretion. The timing and number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the stock price, business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities, acquisition opportunities, and other factors. 
 
 62 

The following table summarizes the share repurchase activity for the three months ended December 31, 2023 (in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 
 Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average price paid per share (i) 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or program 
 Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs 
 October 1, 2023 - October 31, 2023 
 1,000,000 November 1, 2023 - November 30, 2023 
 1,345 56.21 1,345 924,423 December 1, 2023 - December 31, 2023 
 1,121 72.44 1,121 843,238 Total 
 2,466 2,466 
 
 (i) Average price paid per share for open market purchases includes broker commissions. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2023, we issued a total of 171,691 shares of our Class A common stock in connection with the acquisition of an artist-centric financial technology company, pursuant to exemptions from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2). 
 
 63 

Performance Graph 
 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Block, Inc. under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return to stockholders of our common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the Standard Poor s 500 Index ("S P 500"), and the S P North American Technology Index. An investment of 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) is assumed to have been made in our Class A common stock and in each index on the last trading day for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 and its relative performance is tracked through December 31, 2023. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. 
 
 Company/Index 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 12/31/2023 Block, Inc. 100.00 111.54 388.02 287.95 112.03 137.90 S P 500 100.00 131.49 155.68 200.37 164.08 207.21 S P North American Technology 100.00 142.68 207.11 261.79 169.22 272.66 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 64 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 This management's discussion and analysis provides a review of the results of operations, key operating metrics and non-GAAP financial measures, and liquidity and capital resources of Block, Inc. on a historical basis and outlines the factors that have affected recent earnings, as well as those factors that may affect future earnings. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K ("Form 10-K"). 
 This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. The comparison of the fiscal 2022 results with the fiscal 2021 results that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in the "Management's Discussion and Analysis Results of Operations" section in the Company's fiscal 2022 Annual Report within Part II, Item 7 of Form 10-K, filed on February 23, 2023. 
 The statements in this discussion regarding our expectations of our future performance, liquidity, and capital resources; our plans, estimates, beliefs, and expectations that involve risks and uncertainties; and other non-historical statements in this discussion are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described under Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We launched the Square ecosystem in February 2009 to enable businesses ("sellers") to accept card payments, an important capability that was previously inaccessible to many businesses. We have expanded to provide sellers additional products and services and to give them access to a cohesive ecosystem of tools to help them manage and grow their businesses. Similarly, with Cash App, we have built an ecosystem of financial products and services to help individuals manage their money. In January 2022, we completed the acquisition of Afterpay, a buy now, pay later ("BNPL") platform that facilitates commerce between retail merchants and consumers by allowing retail merchant clients to offer their customers the ability to buy goods and services on a BNPL basis. In addition, we also operate TIDAL, a global platform for musicians and fans, and TBD, an open developer platform, to contribute to our purpose of economic empowerment. 
 
 We delivered strong growth across our primary ecosystems in 2023. Gross profit was 7.5 billion , up 25 year over year, driven primarily by our Cash App and Square ecosystems. 
 
 Cash App generated gross profit of 4.3 billion in 2023, up 33 year over year. Performance was driven by growth in transacting actives and adoption by transacting actives of our broader ecosystem, including financial services products. 
 
 Square generated gross profit of 3.1 billion in 2023, up 16 year over year as we continued to make progress growing upmarket with larger sellers and optimizing our go-to-market strategies. 
 
 In 2023, operating loss was 278.8 million and Adjusted Operating Income was 351.4 million, a decrease of 55 and an increase of 342 year over year, respectively. For the same period, net income was 9.8 million, an increase of 102 , year over year, and Adjusted EBITDA was 1.8 billion, an increase of 81 year over year. 
 
 Refer to the Key Operating Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below for reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to their nearest generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") equivalents. 
 
 65 

In 2023, we sharpened our focus on our organizational structure and expenditures with a view to identifying areas where we can be more cost efficient as we focus on disciplined growth and pursuing cost efficiencies and we expect to continue these efforts in 2024. This involves implementing greater expense discipline and reassessing certain contractual vendor arrangements. In November 2023, we announced we would implement an absolute cap of 12,000 on the number of employees we have at our company. We plan to operate below this cap through a combination of performance management, centralizing teams and functions to reduce duplication, and prioritization of our scope. The Company recorded 104.0 million of severance and other related expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023, of which 70.2 million related to severance recognized in the fourth quarter of 2023. We may continue to incur expenses, including restructuring costs, in the short term to implement these initiatives, but we expect to benefit from these actions in future periods. 
 
 We ended 2023 with 7.7 billion in available liquidity, with 6.9 billion in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and investments in marketable debt securities, as well as an undrawn amount of 775.0 million available under our revolving credit facility. This represents an increase of 205.8 million from the end of 2022, including a 461.8 million cash payment for the settlement of the outstanding 2023 Convertible Notes that matured in May 2023. 
 
 On October 26, 2023, the board of directors of the Company authorized the repurchase of up to 1 billion of the Company s Class A common stock, which commenced in the fourth quarter of 2023. The goal of the program is to offset a portion of the dilution associated with stock-based compensation issued to employees as part of the Company s overall compensation program. The timing and amount of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the stock price, business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities, acquisition opportunities, and other factors. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we repurchased 156.8 million under this program. 
 
 We have historically allocated the financial results from our BNPL platform equally to the Cash App and Square segments. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we changed our management reporting structure and moved the business activities and management of our BNPL platform fully under the Cash App segment. We believe that this transition will allow us to better focus on consumer based commerce as well as the development of its financial tools within the Cash App segment. Accordingly, beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have updated our segment reporting to incorporate the financial results of the BNPL platform within the Cash App segment, rather than allocating 50 of revenue and gross profit from our BNPL platform to each of the Square and Cash App segments. We have also reflected this change for the applicable historical periods presented. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Transaction-based Revenue 
 We charge our sellers a transaction fee that is generally calculated based on a percentage of the total transaction amount processed. We also selectively offer custom pricing for certain larger sellers. Transaction-based revenue also includes amounts we charge our Cash App customers for peer-to-peer transactions to business accounts and payments sent from a credit card. 
 Subscription and Services-based Revenue 
 
 Subscription and services-based revenue is primarily comprised of revenue we generate from Cash App, Square Loans (formerly known as Square Capital), our BNPL platform, TIDAL, and various other software as a service SaaS products that we offer through Square. Cash App subscription and services-based revenue is primarily comprised of transaction fees from Cash App Instant Deposit, Cash App Card, bitcoin withdrawal fees, and other Cash App financial services offerings. Our other SaaS products include subscription fees on our vertical software solutions (including Square for Restaurants, Square Appointments, and Square for Retail), Customer Engagement products (including Square Loyalty, Square Marketing, Square Gift Cards), staff management products (including Square Team Management and Square Payroll), website hosting and domain name registration services, and other products. 
 
 Instant Deposit is a functionality within the Cash App and our managed payment solutions that enables customers, including individuals and sellers, to instantly deposit funds into their bank accounts. 
 
 66 

Cash App Card offers Cash App customers the ability to use their stored funds via a Visa prepaid card that is linked to the balance the customer stores in Cash App. We charge the customer a per transaction fee when they instantly deposit funds to their bank account or withdraw funds from an ATM. We also earn interchange fees when a Cash App Card is used to make a purchase. These transaction and interchange fees are treated as revenue when charged. 
 
 Square Loans originates loans to sellers that are generally repaid through withholding a percentage of the collections of the seller's receivables processed by us or a specified monthly amount. In April 2021, we began originating loans in the U.S. through our wholly-owned subsidiary bank, Square Financial Services. Prior to the launch of Square Financial Services, the loans were generally originated by a bank partner, from whom we purchased the loans to obtain all rights, title, and interests. We also originate loans to the customers of certain sellers which are generally repaid via ACH. For some of the loans, it is our intention to sell the rights, title, and interest to third-party investors for an upfront fee. We are retained by the third-party investors to service the loans and earn a servicing fee for facilitating the repayment of these loans through our payments solutions. Certain loans, for which we have the intention and ability to hold through maturity, are not immediately sold to third-party investors, in which case, interest and fees earned are recognized as revenue using the effective interest method. 
 
 Cash App Borrow, the Company s first credit product for consumers, allows customers to access short-term loans for a small fee. The loans are repaid at the end of the loan term and customers may elect to prepay all or a part of the outstanding balance. If the outstanding balance is not paid when due, late fees in the form of interest may be charged. The short-term loans are facilitated through a partnership with an industrial bank. The loans are originated by the bank partner, from whom the Company purchases the loans obtaining all rights, title, and interest. Net amounts paid to the bank are recorded as the cost of the loans purchased, and amounts collected in excess of the carrying value are recognized as revenue over the life of the loans. 
 
 Revenue from our BNPL platform includes fees generated from consumer receivables, late fees, and certain affiliate and advertising fees. Through the use of our BNPL platform, consumers can pay for their purchases over time by splitting their purchase price generally into three or four installments, typically due in two-week increments, without paying fees (if payments are made on time). For the majority of our BNPL products, we do not charge consumers interest or fees, other than late fees, which may be charged in certain regions as an incentive to encourage consumers to pay their outstanding balances as and when they fall due. We also offer the ability for consumers to pay for larger transaction sizes over a six- or twelve-month period using a monthly payment option, which includes no late fees and no compounding interest with a cap on total interest owed. 
 
 TIDAL primarily generates revenue from subscriptions to customers, and such subscriptions allow access to the song library, video library, and improved sound quality. Customers can subscribe to services directly from the TIDAL website or through the Apple store. With both offerings, we charge customers a monthly fee for those subscription services. 
 Hardware Revenue 
 Hardware revenue includes revenue from sales of magstripe readers, contactless and chip readers, Square Stand, Square Register, Square Terminal, and third-party peripherals. Third-party peripherals include cash drawers, receipt printers, scales, and barcode scanners, all of which can be integrated with Square Stand, Square Register, or Square Terminal to provide a comprehensive point-of-sale solution. 
 
 67 

Bitcoin Revenue 
 
 Our Cash App customers have the ability to purchase bitcoin, a cryptocurrency. We recognize revenue when customers purchase bitcoin and it is transferred to the customer's account. We purchase bitcoin from private broker dealers or from Cash App customers and apply a small margin before selling it to our customers. The sale amounts received from our customers are recorded as revenue on a gross basis and the associated bitcoin cost as cost of revenues, as we are the principal in the bitcoin sale transaction. Bitcoin revenue may fluctuate as a result of changes in customer demand or the market price of bitcoin. 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Transaction-based Costs 
 
 Transaction-based costs consist primarily of interchange and assessment fees, processing fees, and bank settlement fees paid to third-party payment processors and financial institutions. 
 
 Subscription and Services-based Costs 
 
 Subscription and services-based costs consist primarily of processing and partnership fees related to Cash App including Instant Deposit and Cash App Card, and our BNPL platform, as well as costs associated with TIDAL. 
 
 Hardware Costs 
 
 Hardware costs consist primarily of product costs associated with magstripe readers, contactless and chip readers, Square Stand, Square Register, Square Terminal, and third-party peripherals. Product costs include manufacturing-related overhead and personnel-related costs, certain royalties, packaging, and fulfillment costs. Hardware is sold primarily as a means to grow our transaction-based revenue and, as a result, generating positive gross margins from hardware sales is not the primary goal of the hardware business. 
 
 Bitcoin Costs 
 
 Bitcoin costs consist of the amounts we pay to purchase bitcoin that is sold to customers. These costs fluctuate in line with bitcoin revenue. 
 
 Amortization of Acquired Technology Assets 
 
 Amortization of acquired technology assets is primarily comprised of amortization related to the acquired technology assets from the acquisition of Afterpay. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Operating expenses consist of product development; sales and marketing; general and administrative expenses; transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses; bitcoin impairment losses; and amortization of customer and other acquired intangible assets. For product development and general and administrative expenses, the largest single component is personnel-related expenses, including salaries, commissions and bonuses, employee benefit costs, and share-based compensation. In the case of sales and marketing expenses, a significant portion is related to the Cash App peer-to-peer transactions and Cash App Card issuance costs, in addition to paid advertising and personnel-related expenses. Operating expenses also include allocated overhead costs for facilities, human resources, and IT. 
 
 68 

Product Development Expenses 
 
 Product development expenses currently represent the largest component of our operating expenses and consist primarily of expenses related to our engineering, data science, and design personnel; fees and supply costs related to maintenance at third-party data center facilities; hardware related development and tooling costs; software and cloud computing infrastructure fees; and fees for software licenses, consulting, legal, and other services that are directly related to growing and maintaining our portfolio of products and services. Additionally, product development expenses include the depreciation of product-related infrastructure and tools, including data center equipment, internally developed software, and computer equipment. We continue to focus our product development efforts on adding new features and expanding our apps, and on enhancing the functionality and ease of use of our offerings. Our ability to realize returns on these investments is substantially dependent upon our ability to successfully address current and emerging requirements of sellers, buyers, and customers through the development and introduction of these new products and services. 
 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses are aggregated into two main components. The first component consists of traditional advertising costs incurred such as direct sales expense, account management, local and product marketing, retail and e-commerce, partnerships, and communications personnel. The second component of sales and marketing expenses consists of costs incurred for services, incentives, and other costs that are not directly related to revenue generating transactions that we consider to be marketing costs to encourage the usage of Cash App. These expenses include, but are not limited to, Cash App peer-to-peer processing costs and transaction losses, card issuance costs, customer referral bonuses, and promotional giveaways that are expensed as incurred. 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of expenses related to our customer support, finance, legal, risk operations, human resources, and administrative personnel. General and administrative expenses also include costs related to fees paid for professional services, including legal, tax, and accounting services. 
 
 Transaction, Loan, and Consumer Receivable Losses 
 
 Transaction losses include chargebacks for unauthorized credit card use and the inability to collect on disputes between buyers and sellers over the delivery of goods or services, as well as losses on Cash App activity related to peer-to-peer payments sent from a credit card, Cash for Business, and Cash App Card. We base our reserve estimates on prior chargeback history and current period data points indicative of transaction loss. We reflect additions to the reserve in current operating results, while realized losses are offset against the reserve. The establishment of appropriate reserves for transaction losses is an inherently uncertain process, and ultimate losses may vary from the current estimates. We regularly update our reserve estimates as new facts become known and events occur that may affect the settlement or recovery of losses. 
 
 Loan losses relate to Square Loans and Cash App Borrow and are recorded whenever the amortized cost of a loan exceeds its fair value. Such charges are reversed for subsequent increases in fair value, but only to the extent that such reversals do not result in the amortized cost of a loan exceeding its fair value. 
 
 Losses on consumer receivables relate to management's estimate of expected credit losses in the outstanding portfolio of consumer receivables. We reflect additions to the reserve in current operating results, while realized losses are offset against the reserve. 
 
 Amortization of Customer and Other Acquired Intangible Assets 
 
 Amortization of customer and other acquired intangible assets is primarily as a result of the intangible assets from the Afterpay acquisition. 
 
 69 

Interest Expense, net, and Other Income, net 
 
 Interest and other income and expense, net consists primarily of gains or losses arising from remeasurements of our investments in equity securities, bitcoin investment, interest expense related to our long-term debt, interest income on our investments in marketable debt securities, and foreign currency-related gains and losses. 
 
 Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
 
 The provision for income taxes consists primarily of federal, state, local, and foreign tax. Our effective tax rate fluctuates from period to period due to changes in the mix of income and losses in jurisdictions with a wide range of tax rates, the effect of acquisitions, changes resulting from the amount of recorded valuation allowance, permanent differences between U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and local tax laws, certain one-time items, and changes in tax contingencies. 
 
 70 

Results of Operations 
 Revenue (in thousands, except for percentages) Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Change Change Transaction-based revenue 6,315,301 5,701,540 613,761 11 Subscription and services-based revenue 5,944,842 4,552,773 1,392,069 31 Hardware revenue 157,178 164,418 (7,240) NM (i) 
 Bitcoin revenue 9,498,302 7,112,856 2,385,446 34 Total net revenue 21,915,623 17,531,587 4,384,036 25 
 (i) Not meaningful ("NM") 
 Total net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023, increased by 4.4 billion, or 25 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. Bitcoin revenue increased by 2.4 billion and represented the primary driver of the increase in total net revenue. Excluding bitcoin revenue, total net revenue increased by 2.0 billion, or 19 , in the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Transaction-based revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased by 613.8 million, or 11 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. This increase in revenue was largely in line with the increase in Gross Payment Volume ("GPV") of 12 for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. GPV increased due to overall Square GPV growth as well as growth in Cash App Business GPV, which is comprised of Cash App activity related to peer-to-peer transactions received by business accounts. Square GPV growth was driven by improvements in both card-present and card-not-present volumes as a result of growth from in-person and online channels, as well as growth in our international markets, and Cash App Business GPV growth was driven by increases in peer-to-peer transactions received by business accounts as well as peer-to-peer payments sent from a credit card. See below in Key Operating Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures for further discussion of GPV. 
 
 Subscription and services-based revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased by 1.4 billion, or 31 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to growth in Cash App's financial service-related products, including Cash App Card usage, Cash App Instant Deposit volumes, as well as revenue from the BNPL platform and interest earned on customer funds. Revenue generated from the BNPL platform was 1.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 811.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Bitcoin revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased by 2.4 billion, or 34 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. As bitcoin revenue is the total sale amount of bitcoin sold to customers, the amount of bitcoin revenue recognized will fluctuate depending on customer demand as well as changes in the market price of bitcoin. This increase for the year ended December 31, 2023 was driven primarily by the quantity of bitcoin sold to customers compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. The prevailing bitcoin prices fluctuated significantly within each year, but the average price for 2023 was only approximately 2 higher than 2022. While bitcoin contributed 43 and 41 of the total revenue in 2023 and 2022, respectively, gross profit generated from bitcoin was only 3 of the total gross profit in both 2023 and 2022. 
 71 

Cost of Revenue (in thousands, except for percentages) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Change Change Transaction-based costs 3,702,016 3,364,028 337,988 10 Subscription and services-based costs 1,075,129 861,745 213,384 25 Hardware costs 267,650 286,995 (19,345) NM (i) 
 Bitcoin costs 9,293,113 6,956,733 2,336,380 34 Amortization of acquired technology assets 72,829 70,194 2,635 NM (i) 
 Total cost of revenue 14,410,737 11,539,695 2,871,042 25 
 
 (i) Not meaningful ("NM") 
 
 Total cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased by 2.9 billion, or 25 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. Bitcoin costs of revenue, which increased by 2.3 billion, was the primary driver of the increase in total cost of revenue, with the remaining increase related to an increase in GPV. Excluding bitcoin costs of revenue, total cost of revenue increased by approximately 534.7 million, or 12 , in the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Transaction-based costs for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased by 338.0 million, or 10 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, largely in line with the growth of GPV of 12 . Transaction-based costs grew at a slower pace compared to GPV due to more favorable interchange economics, which offset a higher percentage of card-present and credit card transactions, which are less favorable to our economics on a per transaction basis. 
 
 Subscription and services-based costs for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased by 213.4 million, or 25 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was driven by: 
 
 growth in Cash App's financial service-related products, including Cash App Card and related processing costs and fees, which is partially offset by favorable terms on such processing costs due to a contract renewal executed during the third quarter of fiscal year 2023; and 
 
 the cost of revenues associated with the BNPL platform, which were 286.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 223.2 million from the date of acquisition through December 31, 2022. 
 
 Bitcoin costs for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased by 2.3 billion, or 34 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. Bitcoin costs are comprised of the total amount we pay to purchase bitcoin, which fluctuates in line with bitcoin revenue. 
 
 72 

Operating Expenses (in thousands, except for percentages) Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Change Change Product development 2,720,819 2,135,612 585,207 27 of total net revenue 12 12 of total gross profit 36 36 Sales and marketing 2,019,009 2,057,951 (38,942) (2) of total net revenue 9 12 of total gross profit 27 34 General and administrative 2,209,190 1,686,849 522,341 31 of total net revenue 10 10 of total gross profit 29 28 Transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses 660,663 550,683 109,980 20 of total net revenue 3 3 of total gross profit 9 9 Bitcoin impairment losses 46,571 (46,571) (100) of total net revenue of total gross profit 1 Amortization of customer and other acquired intangible assets 174,044 138,758 35,286 25 of total net revenue 1 1 of total gross profit 2 2 Total operating expenses 7,783,725 6,616,424 1,167,301 18 
 
 Product development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023, increased by 585.2 million, or 27 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, due primarily to the following: 
 
 an increase of 451.5 million in personnel costs primarily due to an increase in headcount among our engineering teams, as we continue to improve and diversify our products. The increase in product development personnel costs includes an increase in share-based compensation expense of 200.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2023; and 
 
 an increase of 112.5 million in software and cloud computing infrastructure fees as well as consulting fees for the year ended December 31, 2023, as a result of increased capacity needs and expansion of our cloud-based services. 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023, decreased by 38.9 million, or 2 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to: 
 
 a decrease of 163.4 million in advertising costs, primarily from decreased online and television campaigns as we focused on expense discipline; partially offset by 
 
 an increase of 87.7 million in sales and marketing personnel costs to maintain initiatives and 52.7 million in Cash App marketing. The increase in sales and marketing personnel costs also includes an increase in share-based compensation expense of 25.4 million. 
 
 73 

General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023, increased by 522.3 million, or 31 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to: 
 
 an increase of 288.1 million in general and administrative personnel costs, mainly as a result of additions to our customer support and compliance personnel as we continue to maintain resources and skills to support our long-term growth; and 
 
 a goodwill impairment charge of 132.3 million related to TIDAL recognized in the fourth quarter of 2023. Refer to Note 10, Goodwill within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. 
 
 Transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses for the year ended December 31, 2023, increased by 110.0 million, or 20 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the following: 
 
 an increase in loan losses of 89.0 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to increased loan volumes; and 
 
 an increase in transaction losses of 21.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to an operational outage as well as growth in Cash App Card and Square GPV. 
 
 Amortization of customer and other acquired intangible assets increased 35.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of the revision of certain intangibles' useful lives as well as the timing of the acquisition of Afterpay in the first quarter of fiscal year 2022 and the related intangible assets and measurement period adjustments. Refer to Note 11, Acquired Intangible Assets within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. 
 
 Interest Expense (Income), Net, and Other Expense (Income), Net (in thousands, except for percentages) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Change Change Interest expense (income), net (47,221) 36,228 (83,449) (230) Other income, net 
 (202,475) (95,443) (107,032) 112 
 
 Interest income, net, of 47.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily due to an increase in interest income received as a result of both higher interest rates and investment balances, which more than offset interest expense in the period. Interest expense, net of 36.2 million, for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to interest expense related to our 2026 Senior Notes and 2031 Senior Notes, which were issued in May 2021. Refer to Note 15, Indebtedness within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 
 Other income, net, of 202.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily driven by a gain of 207.1 million from the remeasurement of our bitcoin investment following the adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2023-08, Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets ("ASU 2023-08") . Refer to Note 14, Bitcoin within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. Other income, net, of 95.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by revaluation of certain equity investments. 
 
 Segment Results 
 
 Square Results 
 
 The following tables provide a summary of the revenue and gross profit for our Square segment for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands, except for percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Change Change Segment net revenue 7,033,384 6,294,137 739,247 12 Segment cost of revenue 3,904,730 3,587,236 317,494 9 Segment gross profit 3,128,654 2,706,901 421,753 16 
 
 74 

Revenue 
 
 Revenue for the Square segment for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased by 739.2 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to growth in Square GPV from both card-present and card-not-present volumes. 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 
 Cost of revenue for the Square segment for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased by 317.5 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to a higher percentage of card-present and credit card transactions, which are less favorable to our economics on a per transaction basis, partially offset by more favorable interchange economics. 
 
 Cash App Results 
 
 The following tables provide a summary of the revenue and gross profit for our Cash App segment for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands, except for percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Change Change Segment net revenue 14,681,686 11,031,804 3,649,882 33 Segment cost of revenue 10,358,223 7,786,760 2,571,463 33 Segment gross profit 4,323,463 3,245,044 1,078,419 33 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Revenue for the Cash App segment for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased by 3.6 billion compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to growth in bitcoin revenue, Cash App's financial service-related products, including Cash App Card, Cash App Instant Deposit volumes, as well revenue from the BNPL platform and interest earned on customer funds. Bitcoin revenue has and will fluctuate depending on customer demand, as well as changes in the market price of bitcoin. The increase in bitcoin revenue was driven primarily by an increase in quantity of bitcoin sold to customers compared to prior year. The prevailing bitcoin prices fluctuated significantly within each year, but the average price for 2023 was approximately 2 higher than 2022. While bitcoin revenue contributed 65 and 64 of Cash App revenue in 2023 and 2022, respectively, gross profit generated from bitcoin was only 5 of Cash App gross profit in both 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Excluding bitcoin revenue, Cash App net revenue increased 1.3 billion, or 32 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 
 Cost of revenue for the Cash App segment for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased by 2.6 billion compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was due to the items referenced within the revenue discussion. Excluding bitcoin cost of revenue, Cash App cost of revenue increased 235.1 million, or 28 . 
 75 

Key Operating Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We collect and analyze operating and financial data to evaluate the health of our business, allocate our resources, and assess our performance. In addition to total net revenue, operating income (loss), net income (loss), and other results under GAAP, the following table sets forth key operating metrics and non-GAAP financial measures we use to evaluate our business. We believe these metrics and measures are useful to facilitate period-to-period comparisons of our business, and to facilitate comparisons of our performance to that of other payment solution providers. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Gross Payment Volume (GPV) (in millions) 227,699 203,536 167,720 Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) (in thousands) 
 351,351 (145,408) 306,104 Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands) 1,792,420 990,964 1,013,657 Adjusted Net Income Per Share: Basic 1.85 1.05 1.46 Diluted 1.80 1.00 1.28 
 
 Gross Payment Volume ("GPV") 
 
 GPV includes Square GPV and Cash App Business GPV. Square GPV is defined as the total dollar amount of all card payments processed by sellers using Square, net of refunds, and ACH transfers. Cash App Business GPV is comprised of Cash App activity related to peer-to-peer transactions received by business accounts, and peer-to-peer payments sent from a credit card. GPV does not include transactions from our BNPL platform because GPV is related only to transaction-based revenue and not to subscription and services-based revenue. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income Per Share ("Adjusted EPS") and Adjusted Operating Income 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures that represent our net income (loss) and net income (loss) per share, adjusted to eliminate the effect of items as described below. Adjusted Operating Income is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents our operating income (loss), adjusted to eliminate the effect of items as described below. 
 
 We have included these non-GAAP financial measures in this Form 10-K because they are key measures used by our management to evaluate our operating performance, generate future operating plans, and make strategic decisions, including those relating to operating expenses and the allocation of internal resources. Accordingly, we believe these measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors. In addition, they provide useful measures for period-to-period comparisons of our business, as they remove the effect of certain non-cash items and certain variable charges that do not vary with our operations. 
 
 We believe it is useful to exclude certain non-cash charges, such as amortization of intangible assets, and share-based compensation expenses, from our non-GAAP financial measures because the amount of such expenses in any specific period may not directly correlate to the underlying performance of our business operations. 
 
 We believe that excluding the expense related to amortization of debt discount and issuance costs from our non-GAAP measures is useful to investors because such incremental non-cash interest expense does not represent a current or future cash outflow for the Company and is therefore not indicative of our continuing operations or meaningful when comparing current results to past results. Additionally, for purposes of calculating diluted Adjusted EPS, we add back cash interest expense on convertible notes, as if converted at the beginning of the period, if the impact is dilutive. 

76 

We exclude the following from non-GAAP financial measures because we do not believe that these items are reflective of our ongoing business operations: gain or loss on the disposal of property and equipment; gain or loss on revaluation of equity investments; gain or loss from the remeasurement of our bitcoin investment, and bitcoin impairment losses on our bitcoin investment (prior to the adoption of ASU 2023-08), as applicable. 
 
 To aid in comparability of our results across periods, we also exclude certain acquisition-related and integration costs associated with business combinations, various restructuring and other costs, and goodwill impairment charges, each of which are not normal operating expenses. Acquisition related costs include amounts paid to redeem acquirees unvested share-based compensation awards, and legal, accounting, valuation, and due diligence costs. Integration costs include advisory and other professional services or consulting fees necessary to integrate acquired businesses. Restructuring and other costs that are not reflective of our core business operating expenses may include severance costs, contingent losses, impairment charges, and certain litigation and regulatory charges. We also add back the impact of the acquired deferred revenue and deferred cost adjustment, which was written down to fair value in purchase accounting. 
 
 In addition to the items above, Adjusted EBITDA as a non-GAAP financial measure also excludes depreciation and amortization, other cash interest income and expense, and other income and expense. 
 
 Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations, should be considered as supplemental in nature, and are not meant as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. These limitations include the following: 
 
 share-based compensation expense has been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, a significant recurring expense in our business and an important part of our compensation strategy; 
 
 the intangible assets being amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and the non-GAAP financial measures do not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditures or other capital commitments; and 
 
 non-GAAP measures do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs. 
 
 In addition to the limitations above, Adjusted EBITDA as a non-GAAP financial measure does not reflect the effect of depreciation and amortization expense and related cash capital requirements, income taxes that may represent a reduction in cash available to us, and the effect of foreign currency exchange gains or losses, which is included in other income and expense. 
 
 In view of the limitations associated with Adjusted EBITDA, we also present Adjusted Operating Income (Loss), which is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes certain expenses that we believe are not reflective of our core operating performance, including amortization of intangible assets, bitcoin investment impairment losses (prior to the adoption of ASU 2023-08), acquisition-related accelerated share-based compensation expenses, acquisition-related and integration costs, restructuring and other costs, and goodwill impairment charges. Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) does however include the effect of share-based compensation expense, which is a significant recurring expense in our business and an important part of our compensation strategy, as well as depreciation expense. 
 
 Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate the non-GAAP financial measures differently or not at all, which reduces their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 
 Because of these limitations, you should consider the non-GAAP financial measures alongside other financial performance measures, including net income (loss) and our other financial results presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 77 

The following table presents a reconciliation of operating income (loss) to Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) for each of the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Operating income (loss) (278,839) (624,532) 161,112 Amortization of acquired technology assets 72,829 70,194 22,645 Acquisition-related and integration costs 11,422 105,518 15,474 Restructuring and other charges 239,582 51,746 20,000 Goodwill impairment 132,313 Bitcoin impairment losses 46,571 71,126 Amortization of customer and other acquired intangible assets 174,044 138,758 15,747 Acquisition-related share based acceleration costs 66,337 Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) 351,351 (145,408) 306,104 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA for each of the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 9,772 (540,747) 166,284 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (30,896) (12,258) (7,458) Net income (loss) (21,124) (553,005) 158,826 Share-based compensation expense 1,276,097 1,069,289 608,042 Depreciation and amortization 408,560 340,523 134,756 Acquisition-related and integration costs 11,422 105,518 15,474 Restructuring and other charges 239,582 51,746 20,000 Goodwill impairment 132,313 Interest expense (income), net (47,221) 36,228 33,124 Other income, net (202,475) (95,443) (29,474) Bitcoin impairment losses 46,571 71,126 Benefit for income taxes (8,019) (12,312) (1,364) Loss on disposal of property and equipment 3,186 1,619 2,633 Acquired deferred revenue and cost adjustment 99 230 514 Adjusted EBITDA 1,792,420 990,964 1,013,657 

78 

The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted Net Income (Loss) Per Share for each of the periods indicated (in thousands, except per share data): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 9,772 (540,747) 166,284 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (30,896) (12,258) (7,458) Net income (loss) (21,124) (553,005) 158,826 Share-based compensation expense 1,276,097 1,069,289 608,042 Acquisition-related and integration costs 11,422 105,518 15,474 Restructuring and other charges 239,582 51,746 20,000 Goodwill impairment 132,313 Amortization of intangible assets 246,873 208,952 40,522 Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs 11,904 15,162 9,822 Loss (gain) on revaluation of equity investments 16,523 (73,457) (35,493) Bitcoin remeasurement (207,084) Bitcoin impairment losses 46,571 71,126 Loss on disposal of property and equipment 3,186 1,619 2,633 Acquired deferred revenue and cost adjustment 99 230 514 Tax effect of non-GAAP net income adjustments (582,703) (264,523) (222,104) Adjusted Net Income - basic 1,127,088 608,102 669,362 Cash interest expense on convertible notes 3,554 5,014 6,099 Adjusted Net Income - diluted 1,130,642 613,116 675,461 Weighted-average shares used to compute Adjusted Net Income Per Share: Basic 608,856 578,949 458,432 Diluted 628,320 615,034 525,725 Adjusted Net Income Per Share: Basic 1.85 1.05 1.46 Diluted 1.80 1.00 1.28 
 
 Diluted Adjusted Net Income Per Share is computed by dividing Adjusted Net Income by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding adjusted for the dilutive effect of all potential shares of common stock. In periods when we reported an Adjusted Net Loss, diluted Adjusted Net Income Per Share is the same as basic Adjusted Net Income Per Share because the effects of potentially dilutive items were anti-dilutive. 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of the tax effect of non-GAAP net income adjustments to our provision (benefit) for income taxes (in thousands, except effective tax rate): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Benefit for income taxes, as reported (8,019) (12,312) (1,364) Tax effect of non-GAAP net income adjustments 582,703 264,523 222,104 Adjusted provision for income taxes, non-GAAP 574,684 252,211 220,740 Non-GAAP effective tax rate 34 29 25 
 
 We determined the adjusted provision for income taxes by calculating the estimated annual effective tax rate based on adjusted pre-tax income and applying it to Adjusted Net Income before income taxes. 
 79 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 7.7 billion in available liquidity, with 6.9 billion in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and investments in marketable debt securities, as well as an undrawn amount of 775.0 million available under our revolving credit facility subject to compliance with our covenants. Additionally, we had 99.4 million available to be withdrawn under our warehouse funding facilities. Refer to Note 15, Indebtedness within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. We intend to continue focusing on our long-term business initiatives and believe that our available funds are sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future, including the 1.0 billion share repurchase program. As of December 31, 2023, we were in compliance with all financial covenants associated with our revolving credit facility and senior notes. None of our warehouse funding facilities contain financial covenants. 
 
 The following table summarizes our available liquidity (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 Cash and cash equivalents 4,996,465 4,544,202 Short-term restricted cash (i) 
 770,380 639,780 Long-term restricted cash 71,812 71,600 Investments in short-term debt securities 851,901 1,081,851 Investments in long-term debt securities 251,127 573,429 Revolving credit facility 
 775,000 600,000 Total liquidity 
 7,716,685 7,510,862 
 
 (i) As of December 31, 2023, the Company has invested 291.4 million of restricted cash into a money market fund. See Note 5, Fair Value Measurements. 
 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, and investments in marketable debt securities. Customer funds cash and cash equivalents are excluded from our liquidity as these are funds we hold on behalf of customers that are separate from our corporate funds and are not available for corporate purposes. Investments in marketable debt securities were held primarily in cash deposits, money market funds, reverse repurchase agreements, U.S. government and agency securities, commercial paper, and corporate bonds. We consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Our investments in marketable debt securities are classified as available-for-sale. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we held approximately 8,038 bitcoins for investment purposes ("bitcoin investment") with a fair value of 339.9 million based on observable market prices, which is included within Other non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. We believe cryptocurrency is an instrument of economic empowerment that aligns with our corporate purpose. We expect to hold these investments for the long term but will continue to reassess our bitcoin investment relative to our balance sheet. Bitcoin is considered an indefinite-lived intangible asset, and upon adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-08, Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets , effective January 1, 2023, our bitcoin investment is remeasured at fair value at each reporting date with changes recognized in net income through Other expense (income), net in the consolidated statements of operations. We did not purchase or sell any of our bitcoin investment during the year ended December 31, 2023. We recognized a gain of 207.1 from the remeasurement of our bitcoin investment during the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 
 In September 2020, we announced our intent to invest 100.0 million in supporting underserved communities, particularly, racial and ethnic minority groups who have been disproportionately affected by COVID-19. This initiative further deepens our commitment toward economic empowerment to help broaden such communities' access to financial services. As of December 31, 2023, we have invested 44.3 million in aggregate towards this initiative, of which 12.3 million and 10.1 million were invested in the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Our principal commitments consist of convertible notes, senior notes, revolving credit facility, warehouse funding facilities, operating leases, capital leases, and purchase commitments. Refer to Note 15, Indebtedness and Note 20, Commitments and Contingencies within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more details on these commitments. 
 80 

Senior Notes and Convertible Notes 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we held 4.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of debt, comprised of, 1.0 billion in aggregate amount of convertible senior notes that mature on March 1, 2025 ("2025 Convertible Notes"), 575.0 million in aggregate amount of convertible senior notes that mature on May 1, 2026 ("2026 Convertible Notes"), and 575.0 million in aggregate amount of convertible senior notes that mature on November 1, 2027 ("2027 Convertible Notes," collectively referred to as the Convertible Notes ). Additionally, on May 20, 2021, we issued 1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of outstanding senior unsecured notes that mature on June 1, 2026 ("2026 Senior Notes") and 1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of outstanding senior unsecured notes that mature on June 1, 2031 ("2031 Senior Notes" and, together with the 2026 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes and, together with the Convertible Notes, the Notes ). The 2025 Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 0.125 payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1 of each year, the 2026 Convertible Notes bear no interest, and the 2027 Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 0.25 payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year. These Convertible Notes can be converted or repurchased prior to maturity if certain conditions are met. The 2026 Senior Notes bear interest a rate of 2.75 payable semi-annually on June 1 and December 1, while the 2031 Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 3.50 payable semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 of each year. These Senior Notes can be redeemed or repurchased prior to maturity if certain conditions are met. 
 
 On January 31, 2022, we closed the acquisition of Afterpay and assumed Afterpay's outstanding convertible notes of 1.1 billion, which we redeemed in cash on March 4, 2022 at face value. Refer to Note 9, Acquisitions within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 
 On May 25, 2018, the Company issued an aggregate principal amount of 862.5 million of convertible senior notes ("2023 Convertible Notes"). On May 15, 2023, we paid 461.8 million in cash to settle the outstanding principal balance and interest on the 2023 Convertible Notes upon maturity. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 We have entered into a revolving credit agreement with certain lenders, as subsequently amended, which provides a 500.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "2020 Credit Facility") maturing in May 2024. On February 23, 2022, the Company entered into a sixth amendment to the Credit Agreement to, among other things, provide for a new tranche of unsecured revolving loan commitments in an aggregate principal amount of up to 100.0 million. On June 9, 2023, the Company entered into a seventh amendment to the Credit Agreement to, among other things, extend the maturity date of the loans advanced to June 9, 2028 and provide for additional unsecured revolving loan commitments in an aggregate principal amount of up to 175 million. The Credit Agreement also contains a financial covenant that requires the Company to maintain a quarterly minimum liquidity amount (consisting of the sum of Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents plus Marketable Securities, each as defined in the Credit Agreement) of at least 250 million, tested on a quarterly basis. The Company is obligated to pay customary fees for a credit facility of this size and type including a commitment fee of 0.10 to 0.20 per annum on the undrawn portion available under the 2020 Credit Facility, depending on the Company's total net leverage ratio. To date, no funds have been drawn and no letters of credit have been issued under the 2020 Credit Facility. 
 
 Warehouse Funding Facilities 
 
 Following the acquisition of Afterpay, we assumed Afterpay's existing warehouse funding facilities ("Warehouse Facilities") with an aggregate commitment amount of 1.7 billion on a revolving basis, of which 1.6 billion was drawn as of December 31, 2023. The Warehouse Facilities have been arranged utilizing wholly-owned and consolidated entities (collectively, the "Warehouse Special Purpose Entities (SPEs)") formed for the sole purpose of financing the origination of consumer receivables to partly fund our BNPL platform. Borrowings under the Warehouse Facilities are secured against the respective consumer receivables. While the Warehouse SPEs are included in our consolidated financial statements, they are separate legal entities that maintain legal ownership of the receivables they hold. The assets of the Warehouse SPEs are not available to satisfy our claims or those of our creditors. 

81 

Cash, Restricted Cash, and Working Capital 
 
 We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, investment in marketable debt securities, and availability under our line of credit will be sufficient to meet our working capital needs, including any expenditures related to strategic transactions and investment commitments that we may from time to time enter into, and planned capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. From time to time, we have raised capital by issuing equity, equity-linked, or debt securities such as our convertible notes and senior notes; and we may do so in the future, however, such funding may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 
 When we were last rated, in the second half of 2023, we received a non-investment grade rating by S P Global Ratings (BB+), Fitch Ratings, Inc. (BB+), and Moody's Corporation (Ba2). We expect that these credit rating agencies will continue to monitor our performance, including our capital structure and results of operations. Our liquidity, access to capital, and borrowing costs could be adversely impacted by declines in our credit rating. 
 
 Short-term restricted cash of 770.4 million as of December 31, 2023 primarily includes cash held by the Warehouse SPEs used in the Warehouse Facilities funding arrangements that will be used to pay the borrowings under the Warehouse Facilities or will be distributed to us. It also includes pledged cash deposits in accounts at the financial institutions that process our sellers' payment transactions and collateral pursuant to various agreements with banks relating to our products. We use restricted cash to secure letters of credit with the related financial institutions to provide collateral for cash flow timing differences in the processing of payments. We have recorded these amounts as current assets on our consolidated balance sheet given the short-term nature of these cash flow timing differences and that there is no minimum time frame during which the cash must remain restricted. 
 Long-term restricted cash of 71.8 million as of December 31, 2023 is primarily related to cash held as collateral as required by the FDIC for Square Financial Services. We have recorded these amounts as non-current assets on our consolidated balance sheet as the requirement by the FDIC specifies a time frame of 12 months or longer during which the cash must remain restricted. 
 We experience significant day-to-day fluctuations in our cash and cash equivalents due to fluctuations in settlements receivable, and customers payable, and hence working capital. These fluctuations are primarily due to: 
 
 Timing of period end. For periods that end on a weekend or a bank holiday, our cash and cash equivalents, settlements receivable, and customers payable balances typically will be higher than for periods ending on a weekday, as we settle to our sellers for payment processing activity on business days; and 
 
 Fluctuations in daily GPV. When daily GPV increases, our cash and cash equivalents, settlements receivable, and customers payable amounts increase. Typically our settlements receivable and customers payable balances at period end represent one to four days of receivables and disbursements to be made in the subsequent period. Customers payable, excluding amounts attributable to Cash App stored funds, and settlements receivable balances typically move in tandem, as pay-out and pay-in largely occur on the same business day. However, customers payable balances will be greater in amount than settlements receivable balances due to the fact that a subset of funds are held due to unlinked bank accounts, risk holds, and chargebacks. Customer funds obligations, which may be impacted by the timing of period end, number of processors used and processing times, are included in customers payable and may also cause customers payable to trend differently than settlements receivable. Holidays and day-of-week may also cause significant volatility in daily GPV amounts. 
 
 82 

Safeguarding Obligation Liability and Safeguarding Asset Related to Bitcoin Held for Other Parties 
 
 As detailed in Note 14, Bitcoin within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we recorded a safeguarding obligation liability and a corresponding safeguarding asset related to the bitcoin held for other parties. As of December 31, 2023, the safeguarding obligation liability related to bitcoin held for other parties was 1.0 billion. We have taken steps to mitigate the potential risk of loss for the bitcoin held for other parties, including holding insurance coverage specifically for certain bitcoin incidents and using secure cold storage to store materially all of the bitcoin held for other parties. Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 121 ("SAB 121") also asks us to consider the legal ownership of the bitcoin held for other parties, including whether the bitcoin held for other parties would be available to satisfy general creditor claims in the event of Block s bankruptcy. The legal rights of people with respect to crypto-assets held on their behalf by a custodian, such as us, upon the custodian s bankruptcy have not yet been settled by courts and are highly fact dependent. Our contractual arrangements state that our customers and trading partners retain legal ownership of the bitcoin custodied by us on their behalf; they have the right to sell, pledge, or transfer the bitcoin; and they also benefit from the rewards and bear the risks associated with the ownership, including as a result of any bitcoin price fluctuations. We do not use any of the bitcoin held for other parties as collateral for our loans or any other financing arrangements, nor do we lend or pledge bitcoin held for others to any third parties. We have been monitoring and will continue to actively monitor legal and regulatory developments and may consider further steps, as appropriate, to support this contractual position so that in the event of Block s bankruptcy, the bitcoin custodied by us should not be deemed to be part of Block's bankruptcy estate. We do not expect potential future cash flows associated with the bitcoin safeguarding obligation liability. 
 Cash Flow Activities 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flow activities (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Net cash provided by operating activities 100,961 175,903 Net cash provided by investing activities 683,201 1,225,696 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (240,137) 97,580 Effect of foreign exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents 29,156 (38,363) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and customer funds 573,181 1,460,816 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, cash provided by operating activities was 101.0 million, primarily due to net loss of 21.1 million, adjusted for non-cash expenses of 2.6 billion consisting primarily of share-based compensation; transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses; depreciation and amortization; non-cash interest and lease expense; and goodwill impairment. This was partially offset by amortization of discounts and premiums and other non-cash adjustments of 984.4 million; bitcoin remeasurement of 207.1 million; a change in deferred income taxes of 85.9 million; and a net outflow related to changes in other assets and liabilities of 1.2 billion due to timing of period end, including a 350.0 million deposit held by a processor to meet requirements related to processing volumes. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by operating activities was 175.9 million, primarily due to net loss of 553.0 million, adjusted for non-cash expenses of 2.0 billion consisting primarily of share-based compensation; transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses; depreciation and amortization; non-cash interest; and bitcoin impairment losses. This was offset by changes in other assets and liabilities of 674.4 million due to timing of period end and a net outflow from amortization of discounts and premiums and other non-cash adjustments of 592.5 million. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, cash provided by investing activities was 683.2 million, primarily due to the net proceeds from investments of marketable securities of 600.3 million and a net inflow related to consumer receivables of 272.9 million. These were partially offset by the purchase of property and equipment of 151.2 million; purchases of other investments of 33.9 million; and business combinations, net of cash acquired, of 5.0 million. 
 
 83 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by investing activities was 1.2 billion, primarily due to the net proceeds from investments of marketable securities, including investments from customer funds, of 1.1 billion. Additional inflows of cash were as a result of business acquisitions, net of cash acquired, of 539.5 million. These were partially offset by the purchase of property and equipment of 170.8 million, net consumer receivable originations of 169.4 million and purchases of other investments of 56.7 million. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, cash used in financing activities was 240.1 million, primarily as a result of a cash payment of 461.8 million to settle the 2023 Convertible Notes in May 2023, stock repurchases of 156.8 million, a net outflow for other financing activities of 20.0 million, and the repayment and forgiveness of PPP loans of 16.8 million. These were partially offset by net proceeds from warehouse facilities borrowings of 269.6 million and proceeds from issuances of common stock from the exercise of options and purchases under our employee share purchase plan of 130.4 million. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by financing activities was 97.6 million, primarily as a result of net proceeds from warehouse facilities borrowings of 1.2 billion, a change in customer funds of 349.3 million, as well as proceeds from issuances of common stock from the exercise of options and purchases under our employee share purchase plan of 81.8 million. These were offset by the payment to redeem convertible notes assumed upon the acquisition of Afterpay of 1.1 billion and the repayment and forgiveness of PPP loans of 480.7 million. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. GAAP requires us to make certain estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience, anticipated future trends, and other assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Because these accounting estimates require significant judgment, our actual results may differ materially from our estimates. 
 
 We believe accounting policies and the assumptions and estimates associated with transaction losses and allowance for credit losses related to consumer receivables could potentially have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements, and therefore are critical accounting policies and estimates. 
 
 84 

Accrued Transaction Losses 
 
 We are exposed to potential credit losses related to transactions processed by sellers that are subsequently subject to chargebacks when we are unable to collect from the sellers primarily due to insolvency, disputes between a seller and their customer, or due to fraudulent transactions. Accrued transaction losses also include estimated losses on Cash App activity related to peer-to-peer payments sent from a credit card, Cash for Business, and Cash App Card. Generally, we estimate the potential loss rates based on historical experience that is continuously adjusted for new information and incorporates, where applicable, reasonable and supportable forecasts about future expectations. We also consider other relevant market data in developing such estimates and assumptions. As of December 31, 2023, we had accrued 54.0 million related to transaction losses. Additions to the reserve are reflected in current operating results, while realized losses are offset against the reserve. These amounts are classified within transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses on the consolidated statements of operations, except for the amounts associated with the peer-to-peer service offered to Cash App customers for free that are classified within sales and marketing expenses. Refer to Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 12, Other Consolidated Balance Sheet Components (Current) within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses Related to Consumer Receivables 
 
 We are exposed to credit losses on our consumer receivables portfolio. We estimate the expected credit losses in the outstanding portfolio of consumer receivables using both quantitative and qualitative methods that analyze portfolio performance, uses judgment regarding the quantitative components of the reserve, and considers all available information relevant to assessing collectibility. As of December 31, 2023, we had accrued 185.3 million related to allowance for credit losses. Refer to Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 6, Consumer Receivables, net within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Recent Accounting Pronouncements described in Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We have operations both within the United States and globally, and we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, including the effects of interest rate changes and foreign currency fluctuations. Information relating to quantitative and qualitative disclosures about these market risks is described below. 
 
 Equity Price Risk 
 
 Marketable Equity Investments 
 
 Our marketable equity investments are investments held in publicly-traded companies and are measured using quoted prices in active markets which could result in volatility in our financial results in future periods. As of December 31, 2023, our marketable equity investments were immaterial. Adjustments are recorded in other (expense) income, net on the consolidated statements of operations and establish a new carrying value for the investment. A hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in the fair value of our marketable equity investments would not have a material effect on our financial results. 
 
 Non-Marketable Equity Investments 
 
 Our non-marketable equity investments are investments in privately-held companies that we hold for purposes other than trading. These investments are inherently risky because there is no established market for these securities and the markets for the technologies or products these companies are developing are typically in the early stages. As such, we could lose our entire investment in these companies. Adjustments are recorded in other expense (income), net on the consolidated statements of operations and establish a new carrying value for the investment. As of December 31, 2023, the aggregate carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments included in other non-current assets was 205.3 million. A hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in the carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments would not have a material effect on our financial results. 
 
 85 

Bitcoin Market Price Risk 
 
 Our bitcoin investment is measured using observed prices from active exchanges which could result in volatility in our financial results in future periods. Adjustments are recorded in net income through other expense (income), net on the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2023, the fair value of our bitcoin investment included in other non-current assets was 339.9 million. A hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in the fair value of our bitcoin investment would not have a material effect on our financial results. 
 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 
 Our cash and cash equivalents, and marketable debt securities as of December 31, 2023 were held primarily in cash deposits, money market funds, U.S. government and agency securities, commercial paper, and corporate bonds. The fair value of our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable debt securities would not be significantly affected by either an increase or decrease in interest rates due mainly to the short-term nature of a majority of these instruments. Additionally, we have the ability to hold these instruments until maturity if necessary to reduce our risk. Our Warehouse Facilities borrowings and any future borrowings incurred under the 2020 Credit Facility both accrue interest at variable rates based on formulas tied to certain market rates at the time of incurrence. A hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in interest rates would not have a material effect on our financial results. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars. Most of our revenue is earned in U.S. dollars and, subsequent to the acquisition of Afterpay, a portion is earned in Australian Dollars. Our exposure to other foreign currencies would not have a material effect on our financial results. Our foreign operations are denominated in the currencies of the countries in which our operations are located, and may be subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our results of operations and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and may cause us to recognize transaction gains and losses on our financial statements. 
 
 From time to time, we use foreign exchange derivative contracts to hedge a portion of our exposure to changes in currency exchange rates, which result from our global operating and financing activities. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions, as well as foreign exchange forward contracts, were not significant for any period presented in the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We did not have any material gains and losses from foreign currency derivatives outstanding as of December 31, 2023. A hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in current exchange rates on our financial instruments would not have a material effect on our financial results. 
 
 86 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 BLOCK, INC. 
 INDEX TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page No Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 88 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 91 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 92 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 93 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 94 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 95 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 97 

87 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Block, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Block, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 22, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

88 

Allowance for Credit Losses related to Consumer Receivables Description of the Matter The Company s consumer receivables and the associated allowance for credit losses were 2.6 billion and 185.3 million as of December 31, 2023, respectively. The provision for credit losses was 261.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. As discussed in Notes 1 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has exposure to expected credit losses from consumer receivables, for which an allowance for credit losses is recorded under ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The Company estimates the allowance for credit losses related to consumer receivables using both quantitative methods, based on historical payment patterns including losses and recoveries, recent and historical trends in delinquencies, past-due receivables and charge-offs, and qualitative methods, which consider consumer behavior, current and historical macroeconomic trends, along with other factors. 
 Auditing management s estimate of the allowance for credit losses related to consumer receivables was challenging because management s estimate required a high degree of judgment in evaluating historical trends related to loss rates and an assessment of a need for a qualitative adjustment in the Company s expected credit loss methodology. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company s controls over the process for determining the allowance for credit losses related to consumer receivables. This includes testing controls over management s review of the methodology to determine estimated losses, the completeness and accuracy of historical losses and recoveries, past-due receivables and charge-offs, and management s qualitative assumptions on future losses. 
 
 To test the Company s allowance for credit losses related to consumer receivables, we involved EY specialists in testing management s methodology and key assumptions. Our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Company s methodology as well as performing procedures over historical losses incurred by the Company by aging category and testing recoveries. In addition, we evaluated and tested management s conclusion for the need for a qualitative adjustment in the Company s expected credit loss methodology including the examination of current macroeconomic conditions such as changes in unemployment and GDP. We also reviewed subsequent events, which included actual collections on current and aged receivables as of December 31, 2023, to consider whether they corroborated the Company s conclusion related to the overall allowance for credit losses related to consumer receivables. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 February 22, 2024 
 89 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Block, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Block, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Block, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes and our report dated February 22, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 San Francisco, California 
 February 22, 2024 
 90 

BLOCK, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) December 31, 2023 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Investments in short-term debt securities Settlements receivable Customer funds Consumer receivables, net Loans held for sale Safeguarding asset related to bitcoin held for other parties Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Acquired intangible assets, net Investments in long-term debt securities Operating lease right-of-use assets Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Customers payable Settlements payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Current portion of long-term debt (Note 15) 
 Warehouse funding facilities, current Safeguarding obligation liability related to bitcoin held for other parties Total current liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Warehouse funding facilities, non-current Long-term debt (Note 15) 
 Operating lease liabilities, non-current Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 20) 
 Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value: shares authorized at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. 
 Class A common stock, par value: shares authorized at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022; and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 Class B common stock, par value: shares authorized at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022; and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity attributable to common stockholders Noncontrolling interests ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 91 

BLOCK, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenue: Transaction-based revenue Subscription and services-based revenue Hardware revenue Bitcoin revenue Total net revenue 
 Cost of revenue: Transaction-based costs Subscription and services-based costs Hardware costs Bitcoin costs Amortization of acquired technology assets Total cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Product development Sales and marketing General and administrative Transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses Bitcoin impairment losses Amortization of customer and other acquired intangible assets Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) ) Interest expense (income), net ) Other income, net ) ) ) Income (loss) before income tax ) ) Benefit for income taxes ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted-average shares used to compute net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 92 

BLOCK, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net income (loss) ) ) Net foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Net unrealized gain (loss) on marketable debt securities ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 93 

BLOCK, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except for number of shares) Class A and B common stock Common stock and Additional paid-in Accumulated other comprehensive Accumulated Noncontrolling Total stockholders Shares capital income (loss) deficit interests equity Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Cumulative adjustment due to adoption of ASU 2020-06 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Shares issued in connection with employee stock plans Issuance of common stock in connection with business combination Change in other comprehensive loss ) ) Share-based compensation Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Issuance of common stock in conjunction with the conversion of convertible notes Exercise of bond hedges in conjunction with the conversion of convertible notes ) Noncontrolling interests in connection with business combination Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Shares issued in connection with employee stock plans Issuance of common stock in connection with business combination Change in other comprehensive loss ) ) Share-based compensation Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Issuance of common stock in conjunction with the conversion of convertible notes Exercise of bond hedges in conjunction with the conversion of convertible notes ) Issuance of common stock in connection with the exercise of common stock warrants Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Cumulative adjustment due to adoption of ASU 2023-08 Net income (loss) ) ) Shares issued in connection with employee stock plans Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Change in other comprehensive income Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock in connection with business combination Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 94 

BLOCK, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of discounts and premiums and other non-cash adjustments ) ) Non-cash lease expense Share-based compensation Loss (gain) on revaluation of equity investments ) ) Bitcoin remeasurement ) Transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses Bitcoin impairment losses Change in deferred income taxes ) ) ) Goodwill impairment Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Settlements receivable ) ) ) Purchases and originations of loans ) ) ) Proceeds from payments and forgiveness of loans Customers payable Settlements payable ) Other assets and liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of marketable debt securities ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of marketable debt securities Proceeds from sale of marketable debt securities Purchases of marketable debt securities from customer funds ) Proceeds from maturities of marketable debt securities from customer funds Proceeds from sale of marketable debt securities from customer funds Payments for originations of consumer receivables ) ) Proceeds from principal repayments and sales of consumer receivables Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of bitcoin investments ) Purchases of other investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of equity investments Business combinations, net of cash acquired ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) 
 
 The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 
 95 

BLOCK, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - Continued 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of senior notes, net Payments to redeem convertible notes ) ) Proceeds from PPP Liquidity Facility advances Repayments of PPP Liquidity Facility advances ) ) ) Proceeds from warehouse facilities borrowings Repayments of warehouse facilities borrowings ) ) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options and purchases under the employee stock purchase plan Payments for tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units ) ) Net increase in interest-bearing deposits Repurchases of common stock ) Other financing activities ) ) ) Change in customer funds, restricted from use in the Company's operations ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of foreign exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and customer funds Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and customer funds, beginning of the period Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and customer funds, end of the period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and customer funds: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term restricted cash Long-term restricted cash Customer funds cash and cash equivalents Total 
 
 The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 96 

BLOCK, INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 - 
 
 reportable segments, Square and Cash App. Square is a cohesive commerce ecosystem that helps sellers start, run, and grow their businesses, including enabling sellers to accept card payments, provide reporting and analytics, and facilitating next-day settlement. Square s point-of-sale software and other business services help sellers manage inventory, locations, and employees; access financial services; engage buyers; build a website or online store; and grow sales. Cash App is an ecosystem of financial products and services focused on helping consumers make their money go further by enabling customers to store, send, receive, spend, invest, borrow, or save their money. Cash App seeks to redefine the world s relationship with money by making it more relatable, instantly available, and universally accessible. 
 
 On January 31, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Afterpay Limited Afterpay ), a global buy now, pay later ("BNPL") platform, to strengthen its position to better deliver compelling financial products and services that expand access to more consumers and drive incremental revenue for merchants of all sizes. Refer to Note 9, Acquisitions for further details. 
 
 Block was founded in 2009 and has offices globally. The Company does not designate a headquarters location as it adopted a distributed work model in 2021. 

97 

customer that accounted for greater than 10 of total net revenue. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Compa ny had third-party payment processors that represented approximately and of settlements receivable. As of December 31, 2022, the company had third-party payment processors that represented approximately and of settlements receivable. In both years, all other third-party processors were insignificant. 
 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, marketable debt securities, settlements receivable, customer funds, consumer receivables, loans held for sale, and loans held for investment. To mitigate the risk of concentration associated with cash and cash equivalents, as well as restricted cash, funds are held with creditworthy institutions and, at certain times, temporarily swept into insured programs overnight to reduce single firm concentration risk. Amounts on deposit may exceed federal deposit insurance limits. The associated risk of concentration for marketable debt securities is mitigated by holding a diversified portfolio of highly rated investments. Settlements receivable are amounts due from well-established payment processing companies and normally take one or two business days to settle which mitigates the associated risk of concentration. The associated risk of concentration for loans and consumer receivables is partially mitigated by credit evaluations that are performed prior to facilitating the offering of loans and receivables and ongoing performance monitoring of the Company s loan customers. 
 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 million and million, respectively, in restricted cash related to VIE's. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

98 

million for the year ended December 31, 2023 and was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Bitcoin withdrawal is a functionality within the Cash App that enables customers to withdraw bitcoin stored on Cash App to a third party wallet. The Company charges customers a fee for the option of faster withdrawal speeds. 
 99 

or installments, typically due in two-week increments, without paying fees (if payments are made on time). The Company generally pays the seller the full order value upfront, less taxes, if applicable, and a merchant fee, which consists of fixed and variable rates as contracted with the sellers. The Company also incurs other costs such as fees paid to third-party partners and processing fees to complete the consumer purchase transaction. The Company generally assumes non-repayment risk from the consumers. The Company initially recognizes a consumer receivable equal to net amounts paid to the seller plus any costs incurred to originate the consumer receivable. The Company recognizes the merchant fee less costs incurred to originate the consumer receivables as revenue using the effective interest method. This revenue is included within subscription and services-based revenue on the consolidated statement of operations. The effective interest rate is determined based on estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the consumer receivable, having consideration for the historical repayment pattern of the consumer receivables on a portfolio basis. For the majority of the Company's BNPL products, consumers are not charged interest or fees, other than late fees which may be charged in certain regions by the Company as an incentive to encourage consumers to pay their outstanding balances as and when they fall due. The Company also offers the ability for consumers to pay for larger transaction sizes over a six - or period using a monthly payment option, which includes no late fees and no compounding interest with a cap on total interest owed. 
 
 TIDAL primarily generates revenue from subscriptions to its customers, and such subscriptions allow access to the song library, video library, and improved sound quality. Customers can subscribe to services directly from the TIDAL website or through the Apple store. With both offerings, the Company charges customers a monthly fee for those subscription services, which is recognized ratably as revenue as the service is provided. 
 
 SaaS represents software products and solutions that provide customers with access to various technologies for a fee which is recognized as revenue ratably as the service is provided. The Company's contracts with customers are generally for a term of and renew automatically each month. The Company invoices its customers monthly. The Company considers that it satisfies its performance obligations over time each month as it provides the SaaS services to customers and hence recognizes revenue ratably over the month. 
 
 100 

to days after delivery. 
 
 Bitcoin Revenue 
 
 The Company offers its Cash App customers the ability to purchase bitcoin, a cryptocurrency denominated asset, from the Company. The Company satisfies its performance obligation and records revenue when bitcoin is transferred to the customer's account. The Company purchases bitcoin from private broker dealers or from Cash App customers and applies a marginal fee before selling it to its customers. The amounts received from customers and exchanges are recorded as revenue on a gross basis and the associated bitcoin cost as cost of revenues, as the Company is the principal in the bitcoin sale transaction. The Company has concluded it is the principal because it controls the bitcoin before delivery to the customers, it is primarily responsible for the delivery of the bitcoin to the customers, it is exposed to risks arising from fluctuations of the market price of bitcoin before delivery to customers, and has discretion in setting prices charged to customers. 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 
 Transaction-based Costs 
 
 Transaction-based costs consist primarily of interchange and assessment fees, processing fees and bank settlement fees paid to third-party payment processors and financial institutions. 
 
 Subscription and Services-based Costs 
 
 Subscriptions and services-based costs consist primarily of processing and partnership fees related to Cash App including Instant Deposit, Cash App Card, as well as costs associated with the Company's BNPL platform, and TIDAL. 
 
 Hardware Costs 
 
 Hardware costs consist of all product costs associated with magstripe readers, contactless and chip readers, Square Stand, Square Register, Square Terminal, and third-party peripherals. Product costs include third-party manufacturing-related overhead and personnel-related costs, certain royalties, packaging, and fulfillment costs. 
 
 Bitcoin Costs 
 
 Bitcoin costs consist of the total amount the Company pays to purchase bitcoin that is sold to customers. These costs fluctuate in line with bitcoin revenue. 
 
 Amortization of Acquired Technology Assets 
 
 Amortization of acquired technology assets is primarily comprised of amortization related to the acquired technology assets from the acquisition of Afterpay. 
 
 101 

million of severance and other related expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 as part of product development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative within the Company's operating expenses, of which million related to severance was recognized in the fourth quarter of 2023 when all the criteria for recognition were met. The Company also assesses its assets for impairment in connection with restructuring and other exit activities when the carrying amount of the related assets may not be fully recoverable, in accordance with the appropriate accounting guidance. 

million, million, a nd million, respectively. The Company also records The Company recorded million, million, and million, for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, for such expenses. 

. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. 

million for the year ended December 31, 2023. Interest income was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest expense consists primarily of the Company's long-term debt and was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 102 

103 

million and million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The balance as of December 31, 2023 was primarily comprised of the wholly-owned consolidated entities used in the warehouse funding facility arrangements. This restricted cash will be used to pay the borrowings under the warehouse funding facilities or will be distributed to the Company. The Company's total restricted cash also includes pledged cash deposits in accounts at the financial institutions that process the Company's sellers' payment transactions and collateral pursuant to various agreements with banks relating to the Company's products. The Company uses restricted cash to secure letters of credit with the related financial institutions to provide collateral for cash flow timing differences in the processing of payments. 
 
 The Company's long-term restricted cash of million and million as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively, is primarily related to cash held as collateral as required by the FDIC for Square Financial Services. The Company has recorded these amounts as non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheets as the requirement by the FDIC specifies a time frame of 12 months or longer during which the cash must remain restricted. 
 
 Customer Funds 
 
 Refer to Note 4, Customer Funds for more details. 

104 

million of total loan balances was reclassified from loans held for sale to loans held for investment. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, net gains on sales of loans were million, million, and million respectively. Since the loans are classified as held for sale at origination, all the cash flows associated with these loans are disclosed as a component of cash flows from operating activities. 
 
 105 

million of consumer receivables were reclassified from loans held for investment to loans held for sale and sold to third parties. Net losses on sales of consumer receivables were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. Consumer receivables are reported at amortized cost, which includes the cost to originate the consumer receivables, adjusted for unearned merchant fees, origination costs, charge-offs, and the allowance for credit losses. Refer to Note 6, Consumer Receivables, net for more information. 

106 

days past due. 

million as of the beginning of fiscal year 2023. 
 
 The Company s bitcoin investment is initially recorded at cost, inclusive of transaction costs, and the Company uses the first-in, first-out method to determine the cost basis. Subsequently, the Company remeasures its bitcoin investment at fair value at the end of each reporting period with changes recognized in net income through Other income, net in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has purchased an approximate cumulative million in bitcoin for investment purposes. For the year ended December 31, 2023 the Company recognized a million gain from the remeasurement of the Company's bitcoin investment. 
 
 107 

Refer to Note 13, Other Consolidated Balance Sheet Components (Non-Current) and Note 14, Bitcoin , for more information. 

Refer to Note 14, Bitcoin, for more information. 
 
 months Computer and data center equipment 
 Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Lesser of or remaining lease term 

108 

from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments would be recorded on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 impairment charges. 
 
 109 

110 

reportable segments, Square (formerly Seller) and Cash App. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company reorganized its business structure and moved the business activities, management, and the financial results of the Company's BNPL platform fully into Cash App. Accordingly, the segment results below include the financial results of the BNPL platform solely within the Cash App segment. Products and services that are not assigned to a specific reportable segment, including TIDAL and other emerging ecosystems, are aggregated and presented within a general corporate and other category. Square and Cash App are defined as follows: 
 
 Cash App includes the financial tools available to individuals within the mobile Cash App, including peer-to-peer payments, bitcoin and stock investments. Cash App also includes Cash App Card which is linked to customer stored balances that customers can use to pay for purchases or withdraw funds from an ATM. Cash App also includes the BNPL platform. 
 
 Square includes managed payment services, software solutions, hardware, and financial services offered to sellers, excluding those that involve Cash App. 
 
 The primary financial measures used by the CODM to evaluate performance and allocate resources are revenue and gross profit. The CODM does not evaluate performance or allocate resources based on segment asset data, and therefore such information is not included. 

111 

NOTE 2 - 
 
 Subscription and services-based revenue Hardware revenue Bitcoin revenue Revenue from other sources: Subscription and services-based revenue (i) 
 Total net revenue 
 
 (i) Subscription and services-based revenue from other sources relates to revenue generated from the Company's Square Loans, interest income earned on customer funds, and interest income earned on funds held by Square Financial Services. For 2022 and 2023 amounts, this also includes revenue generated from consumer receivables originated through the BNPL platform, following the acquisition of Afterpay. 
 112 

NOTE 3 - 
 
 ) Corporate bonds ) Commercial paper Municipal securities ) Certificates of deposit U.S. government securities ) Foreign government securities ) Total ) Long-term debt securities: Corporate bonds ) Municipal securities ) U.S. government securities ) Total ) 
 
 The Company's short-term and long-term investments as of December 31, 2022 are as follows (in thousands): 
 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Short-term debt securities: U.S. agency securities ) Corporate bonds ) Commercial paper Municipal securities ) Certificates of deposit U.S. government securities ) Foreign government securities ) Total ) Long-term debt securities: U.S. agency securities ) Corporate bonds ) Municipal securities ) U.S. government securities ) Foreign government securities ) Total ) 
 
 The amortized cost of investments classified as cash equivalents approximated the fair value due to the short-term nature of the investments. 

113 

) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) U.S. government securities ) ) ) Foreign government securities ) ) Total ) ) ) Long-term debt securities: Corporate bonds ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) U.S. government securities ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2022 Less than 12 months Greater than 12 months Total Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Short-term debt securities: U.S. agency securities ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) U.S. government securities ) ) ) Foreign government securities ) ) Total ) ) ) Long-term debt securities: U.S. agency securities ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) U.S. government securities ) ) ) Foreign government securities ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 The Company does not intend to sell nor anticipate that it will be required to sell these securities before recovery of the amortized cost basis. Unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities were determined not to be related to credit related losses, therefore, an allowance for credit losses is not required. 
 
 114 

Due in one to five years Total 

NOTE 4 - 
 
 Cash equivalents: Money market funds Reverse repurchase agreement (i) 
 Total customer funds 
 
 (i) The Company has accounted for the reverse repurchase agreement with a third party as an overnight lending arrangement, collateralized by the securities subject to the repurchase agreement. The Company classifies the amounts due from the counterparty as cash equivalents due to their short term nature. 
 
 The Company does not have any available-for-sale debt securities for which the Company has recorded credit related losses. 
 
 The amortized cost of investments classified as cash equivalents approximated the fair value due to the short-term nature of the investments. 

NOTE 5 - 

115 

U.S. agency securities U.S. government securities Commercial paper Corporate bonds Restricted Cash: Money market funds Customer funds: Money market funds Reverse repurchase agreement Short-term debt securities: U.S. agency securities Corporate bonds Commercial paper Municipal securities Certificates of deposit U.S. government securities Foreign government securities Long-term debt securities: U.S. agency securities Corporate bonds Municipal securities U.S. government securities Foreign government securities Other: Investment in marketable equity security Bitcoin investment (i) 
 Safeguarding asset related to bitcoin held for other parties Safeguarding obligation liability related to bitcoin held for other parties ) ) Total assets (liabilities) measured at fair value 
 (i) The Company holds an immaterial amount of bitcoin for operating purposes and, given the bitcoin is held for a relatively short period of time, typically being purchased and sold within a day, the fair value approximates carrying value. Refer to Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 14, Bitcoin for more details. 
 
 The carrying amounts of certain financial instruments, including settlements receivable, consumer receivables, loans held for investment, accounts payable, customers payable, accrued expenses, and settlements payable, approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature. The carrying amounts of the Company's warehouse funding facilities approximate their fair values. 
 
 116 

2026 Senior Notes 2027 Convertible Notes 2026 Convertible Notes 2025 Convertible Notes 2023 Convertible Notes Total 
 
 The estimated fair value and carrying value of loans held for sale and loans held for investment were as follows (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 Carrying Value Fair Value (Level 3) Carrying Value Fair Value (Level 3) Loans held for sale Loans held for investment Total 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded incremental charges for the excess of amortized cost over the fair value of the loans of million, million, and million, respectively. To determine the fair value of the loans held for sale, the Company utilizes discounted cash flow valuation modeling, taking into account the probability of default and estimated timing and amounts of periodic repayments. In estimating the expected timing and amounts of the future periodic repayments for the loans outstanding, the Company considered other relevant market data in developing such estimates and assumptions. As of December 31, 2023, there were no material changes to the Company's estimates of fair value, and the Company will continue to evaluate facts and circumstances that could impact its estimates and affect its results of operations in future periods. 
 
 If applicable, the Company will recognize transfers into and out of levels within the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting period in which the actual event or change in circumstance occurs. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Company did not have any transfers in or out of Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 assets or liabilities. 

NOTE 6 - 
 to days. 
 
 The Company closely monitors credit quality for consumer receivables to manage and evaluate its related exposure to credit risk. The criteria the Company monitors when assessing the credit quality and risk of its consumer receivables portfolio is primarily based on internal risk assessments, as they provide insight into customer risk profiles and are useful as indicators of potential future credit losses. Consumer receivables are internally rated as "Pass" or "Classified." Pass rated consumer receivables generally consist of consumer receivables that are current or up to days past due. Classified consumer receivables are generally comprised of consumer receivables that are greater than days past due and have a higher risk of default. Internal risk ratings are reviewed and, generally, updated at least once a year. As of December 31, 2023, the amortized cost of Pass rated consumer receivables was billion and the amount of Classified consumer receivables was billion. 
 
 117 

1 - 60 days past due 61 - 90 days past due 90+ days past due Total amortized cost 
 
 The amount listed as 1 - 60 days past due in the above table includes million and million of cash in transit as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively, which reflects ongoing repayments from consumers that have been sent from consumers bank accounts but have not yet been received at the Company s bank account as of the date of the financial statements. This cash in transit as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 represents and , respectively, of the total amortized cost of consumer receivables. 
 
 Consumer receivables are charged off when they are over days past due as the Company has no reasonable expectation of recovery. When consumer receivables are charged off, the Company recognizes the charge against the allowance for credit losses. While the Company expects collections at that point to be unlikely, the Company may recover amounts from the respective consumers. Any subsequent recoveries following charge-off are credited to transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses on the consolidated statements of operations in the period they were recovered. The amount of recoveries for the year ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 were immaterial. 
 
 Provision for credit losses Charge-offs and other adjustments ) ) Foreign exchange effect Allowance for credit losses, end of the period 
 
 (i) Consumer receivables acquired from Afterpay that reflect a more-than-insignificant deterioration of credit from origination are considered purchased credit deteriorated ("PCD") receivables. For PCD consumer receivables, the initial estimate of expected credit losses is recognized in the allowance for credit losses on the date of acquisition using the same methodology as other consumer receivables. 

NOTE 7 - 
 
 million as loans held for investment, net of allowance, included in other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note 12, Other Consolidated Balance Sheet Components (Current) for more details. 
 
 118 

days past due to be delinquent, and loans days or more past due to be nonperforming. Loans that are days or more past due are generally considered to be uncollectible and are written off. When a loan is identified as nonperforming, recognition of income is discontinued. Loans are restored to performing status after total overdue unpaid amounts are repaid and the Company has reasonable assurance that performance under the terms of the loan will continue. As of December 31, 2023, the amount of loans that were identified as nonperforming loans was immaterial. 
 
 The Company closely monitors economic conditions and loan performance trends to assess and manage its exposure to credit risk. The criteria the Company monitors when assessing the credit quality and risk of its loan portfolio is primarily based on internal risk ratings, as they provide insight into borrower risk profiles and are useful as indicators of potential future credit losses. Loans are internally rated as "Pass" or "Classified". Pass rated loans generally consist of loans that are current or up to days past due. Classified loans generally comprise of loans that are days or greater past due and have a higher risk of default. Internal risk ratings are reviewed and, generally, updated at least once a year. As of December 31, 2023, the amortized cost of Pass rated loans was million and the amount of Classified loans was immaterial. 
 
 Loans Held For Sale 
 
 The Company classifies loans as held for sale when there is an available market for such loans and it is the Company s intent to sell all of its rights, title, and interest in these loans to third-party investors. Loans held for sale primarily include Square Loans and Cash App Borrow products. Square Loans are loans facilitated by Square Financial Services to qualified Square sellers, while Cash App Borrow is a credit product for consumers that allows customers to access short-term loans for a small fee. Loans held for sale are recorded at the lower of amortized cost or fair value. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 the Company had million and million, respectively, of loans held for sale, as disclosed in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The Company aggregates loans held for sale by the intended customer of the loan product. Commercial loans held for sale include Square Loans, Consumer loans held for sale include loans initiated through Cash App Borrow, and Other loans held for sale include loans outside of consumer and commercial loans. 
 
 Consumer Other Total 
 
 119 

NOTE 8 - 
 Computer equipment Leasehold improvements Office furniture and equipment Total Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 120 

NOTE 9 - ACQUISITIONS 
 
 shares of the Company s Class A common stock. The shares issued included a deemed vested component of outstanding employee awards, based on the ratio of time served in relation to the vesting term of each award, with the unvested portion being replaced with Block s unvested replacement awards, with the same terms. The aggregate fair value of the shares issued was billion based on the closing price of the Company s Class A common stock on the acquisition date, of which million was attributed to acceleration of various share-based arrangements and was accounted for as an expense immediately post-acquisition, included as a component of general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. As of the completion of the acquisition, certain convertible notes with an outstanding principal amount of AU billion (U.S. billion based on the closing exchange rate on the acquisition date) remained outstanding, and were redeemed on March 4, 2022. As of December 31, 2023, the Company's purchase price allocation was complete and the measurement period was closed. 
 
 The acquisition meets the criteria to be accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations. This method requires, among other things, that assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date and that the difference between the fair value of the consideration paid for the acquired entity and the fair value of the net assets acquired be recorded as goodwill, which is not amortized but is tested at least annually for impairment. 
 
 shares of Class A common stock, excluding value accounted as post-combination expense of 
 Cash paid to settle tax withholding in connection with replacement awards Total consideration Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: Current assets (inclusive of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash acquired) Consumer receivables Intangible customer assets Intangible technology assets Intangible trade name 
 Other non-current assets Long-term debt - current (i) 
 ) Current liabilities ) Warehouse funding facilities (ii) 
 ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Other non-current liabilities ) Total identifiable net assets acquired Goodwill Total 
 
 (i) Long-term debt - current is comprised of the aforementioned Afterpay convertible notes, which were redeemed in cash at face value on March 4, 2022. 
 
 (ii) Refer to Note 15, Indebtedness for further details. 
 
 121 

million, million, and million, respectively, which resulted in the recognition of additional intangible assets and goodwill. These acquisitions did not have a material impact to the Company's consolidated financial statements, and therefore pro forma financial information has not been presented. of the goodwill generated from the acquisitions or the acquired intangible assets are expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 

NOTE 10 - 
 
 Acquisitions Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Acquisitions Foreign currency translation adjustments Impairment charge ) Balance at December 31, 2023 
 
 As discussed further in Note 21, Segment and Geographical Information , the Company has reportable segments, Square and Cash App. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company reorganized its business structure and moved the business activities and management of the Company's BNPL platform fully into Cash App. In connection with this reorganization, the Company reallocated the goodwill associated with the BNPL platform from Square to Cash App using the relative fair value approach. Additionally, the Company assessed goodwill for impairment for Square and Cash App immediately before and immediately after the reorganization and concluded that there was no goodwill impairment, as their estimated fair values exceeded their carrying values both immediately before and after the reorganization. The Company also performed a goodwill impairment testing of its other reporting units and recognized an impairment charge of million related to TIDAL in the fourth quarter of 2023. The impairment charge was as a result of changes in TIDAL's strategic focus, including terminations of certain revenue arrangements and investment into new product areas. This charge was included within general and administrative expenses in the Company's statements of operations. The fair value of the TIDAL reporting unit was estimated using the income approach, which was based upon the present value of estimated future cash flows. 
 
 122 

Acquisitions Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Acquisitions Foreign currency translation adjustments Reallocation between segments (i) 
 ) Impairment charge ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 
 
 (i) Represents effects of the reallocation of goodwill due to the reorganization of the Company's business structure in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 
 The Company performed its annual goodwill impairment assessment as of December 31, 2023 and concluded no additional goodwill impairment should be recognized. For purposes of completing the impairment test, the Company performs either a qualitative or a quantitative analysis on a reporting unit basis. 

NOTE 11 - 
 
 years ) Customer assets years ) Trade names years ) Other years ) Total ) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 Weighted Average Estimated Useful Life Cost Accumulated Amortization Net Technology assets years ) Customer assets years ) Trade names years ) Other years ) Total ) 
 
 All intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. 
 
 123 

Acquisitions Amortization expense ) ) ) Foreign currency translation and other adjustments ) ) Acquired intangible assets, net, end of the period 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 

NOTE 12 - 
 
 Short term deposits (ii) 
 Processing costs receivable Loans held for investment, net of allowance for loan losses (iii) 
 Accounts receivable, net Inventory, net Prepaid expenses Other Total 
 
 (i) Includes a portion invested in money market funds. Refer to Note 5, Fair Value Measurements for further details. 
 
 (ii) Includes a million deposit held by a processor to meet requirements related to processing volumes under an arrangement that was executed in the fourth quarter of 2023. This activity is included within cash flows from operating activities within the Company's consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 (iii) Refer to Note 7, Customer Loans for further details . 
 
 124 

Accounts payable Customer deposits Accrued transaction losses (i) 
 Accrued royalties Operating lease liabilities, current Other Total 
 
 (i) The Company is exposed to potential credit losses related to transactions processed by sellers that are subsequently subject to chargebacks when the Company is unable to collect from the sellers primarily due to insolvency. Generally, the Company estimates the potential loss rates based on historical experience that is continuously adjusted for new information and incorporates, where applicable, reasonable and supportable forecasts about future expectations. 
 
 Provision for transaction losses Charge-offs to accrued transaction losses ) ) Accrued transaction losses, end of the period 
 
 In addition to amounts reflected in the table above, the Company recognized additional provision for transaction losses that was realized and written-off within the same period. Such losses are primarily related to Cash App transactions, such as peer-to-peer transactions and negative balances, that are uncertain in nature. The Company recorded million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, for such losses. 
 
 125 

NOTE 13 - 
 
 Bitcoin investment (ii) 
 Restricted cash Other Total 
 
 (i) Investment in non-marketable equity securities represents the Company's investments in equity of non-public entities. These investments are measured using the measurement alternative and are therefore carried at cost, less impairment, adjusted for observable price changes from orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. Adjustments are recorded within other expense (income), net on the consolidated statements of operations. Unrealized gains and losses were immaterial in the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 (ii) Refer to Note 14, Bitcoin for further details. 

NOTE 14 - 
 
 bitcoins for investment purposes with a fair value of million, which is included within the Company s Other non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Cumulative effect of adoption of ASU 2023-08 
 Remeasurement gain 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 

126 

Additions 
 Dispositions 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 

Given the Company holds a small amount of bitcoin for operating purposes and such bitcoin is held for only a short period, typically less than a day, any remeasurement gains or losses on the Company's bitcoin for operating purposes were immaterial. 
 
 B) Bitcoin Held for Other Parties 
 
 The Company allows its Cash App customers to store their bitcoin in the Company s digital wallets free of charge. The Company also holds an immaterial amount of bitcoin from select trading partners to facilitate bitcoin transactions for customers on Cash App. Other than bitcoin, the Company does not hold or store any other types of crypto-assets for customers or trading partners. The Company holds the cryptographic key information and maintains the internal recordkeeping of the bitcoin held for other parties. The Company's contractual arrangements state that its customers and trading partners retain legal ownership of the bitcoin; have the right to sell, pledge, or transfer the bitcoin; and also benefit from the rewards and bear the risks associated with the ownership, including as a result of any bitcoin price fluctuations. The customer also bears the risk of loss as a result of fraud or theft, unless the loss was caused by the Company s gross negligence or the Company s willful misconduct. The Company does not use any of the bitcoin custodied for customers or trading partners as collateral for any of the Company s loans or other financing arrangements; nor does it lend or pledge bitcoin held for others to any third parties. The Company occasionally engages third-party custodians to store and safeguard bitcoin on the Company's behalf. As of December 31, 2023, an immaterial amount of the bitcoin was held by third-party custodians on the Company's behalf. 
 
 As of the adoption of SAB 121, the Company records a bitcoin safeguarding obligation liability and a corresponding bitcoin safeguarding asset based on the fair value of the bitcoin held for other parties at each reporting date. The Company was not aware of any actual or possible safeguarding loss events as of December 31, 2023 or December 31, 2022, and accordingly, the bitcoin safeguarding obligation liability and the associated bitcoin safeguarding asset were recorded at the same value. 
 Approximate amount of bitcoin held for trading partners Total approximate amount of bitcoin held for other parties Safeguarding obligation liability related to bitcoin held for customers Safeguarding obligation liability related to bitcoin held for trading partners Safeguarding obligation liability related to bitcoin held for other parties Safeguarding asset related to bitcoin held for other parties 
 
 127 

NOTE 15 - 
 
 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "2020 Credit Facility") maturing in May 2024. On May 28, 2020, the Company amended the credit agreement for the 2020 Credit Facility (the "Credit Agreement") to permit the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Square Capital, LLC Square Capital ), to incur indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount of up to million pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility PPPLF authorized under the Federal Reserve Act of 1913. In connection with its convertible debt offerings in November 2020, the Company entered into a second amendment to the Credit Agreement on November 9, 2020 to permit convertible debt in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed billion. On January 28, 2021, the Company entered into a third amendment to the Credit Agreement to increase the amount of indebtedness that Square Capital is permitted to incur pursuant to the PPPLF from an aggregate principal amount of up to million to an aggregate principal amount of up to billion. On May 25, 2021, the Company entered into a fourth amendment to the Credit Agreement to, among other things, extend the maturity date of the loans advanced to May 1, 2024. On January 28, 2022, the Company entered into a fifth amendment to the Credit Agreement to permit certain existing obligations of Afterpay and its subsidiaries to remain outstanding as of and after the completion of the Afterpay acquisition. On February 23, 2022, the Company entered into a sixth amendment to the Credit Agreement to, among other things, provide for a new tranche of unsecured revolving loan commitments in an aggregate principal amount of up to million. On June 9, 2023, the Company entered into a seventh amendment to the Credit Agreement to, among other things, extend the maturity date of the loans advanced to June 9, 2028 and provide for additional unsecured revolving loan commitments in an aggregate principal amount of up to million. The Credit Agreement also contains a financial covenant that requires the Company to maintain a quarterly minimum liquidity amount (consisting of the sum of Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents plus Marketable Securities, each as defined in the Credit Agreement) of at least million, tested on a quarterly basis. The Company is obligated to pay customary fees for a credit facility of this size and type including a commitment fee of to per annum on the undrawn portion available under the 2020 Credit Facility. To date, funds have been drawn and letters of credit have been issued under the 2020 Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2023, million remained available for draw subject to compliance with our covenants. The Company incurred immaterial unused commitment fees during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. As of December 31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants associated with the 2020 Credit Agreement. 
 
 Loans under the 2020 Credit Agreement bear interest at the Company's option of (i) an annual rate based on the forward-looking term rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("Term SOFR") or (ii) a base rate. Loans based on Term SOFR shall bear interest at a rate equal to Term SOFR plus a margin of between and , depending on the Company's total net leverage ratio. Loans based on the base rate shall bear interest at a rate based on the highest of the prime rate, the federal funds rate plus , and Term SOFR with a tenor of one-month plus , in each case, plus a margin ranging from to , depending on the Company's total net leverage ratio. The Credit Agreement also contains customary affirmative and negative covenants typical for a financing of this type that, among other things, restricts the Company and certain of its subsidiaries ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, merge or consolidate or make certain dispositions, pay dividends and make distributions, enter into restrictive agreements, enter into agreements with affiliates, and make certain investments and acquisitions. 
 
 B) Warehouse Funding Facilities 
 
 Following the acquisition of Afterpay, the Company assumed Afterpay's existing warehouse funding facilities. The Company has financing arrangements with financial institutions in Australia, New Zealand, the United States, and the United Kingdom (collectively, the Warehouse Facilities ). The Warehouse Facilities have been arranged utilizing wholly-owned and consolidated entities (collectively, the "Warehouse Special Purpose Entities ("Warehouse SPEs") formed for the sole purpose of financing the origination of consumer receivables to partly fund the Company's BNPL platform. Borrowings under the Warehouse Facilities are secured against the respective consumer receivables. While the Warehouse SPEs are included in our consolidated financial statements, they are separate legal entities that maintain legal ownership of the receivables they hold. The assets of the Warehouse SPEs are not available to satisfy our claims or those of our creditors. 
 
 128 

billion on a revolving basis, of which billion was drawn and million remained available . All Warehouse Facilities contain portfolio parameters based on performance of the underlying consumer receivables, which each respective region has satisfied as of December 31, 2023. None of the Warehouse Facilities contain corporate financial covenants. 
 
 All Warehouse Facilities are on a variable rate basis which aligns closely to the weighted-average life of the consumer receivables they finance. Borrowings under these facilities bear interest at (i) a base rate aligned to either the local risk free rate, such as Term SOFR and the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") or similar, and (ii) a margin which is set for the term of the availability period. The interest expense incurred on the Company's Warehouse Facilities is included within general and administrative as part of the Company's operating expenses. Interest expense on the Company's Warehouse Facilities was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company did have any interest expense on the Company's Warehouse Facilities in 2021. In addition, each Warehouse Facility requires payment of immaterial commitment fees. 
 
 129 

2025 2026 Total 
 
 (i) Includes million of future scheduled principal payments related to a Warehouse Facility that matured in December 2023. The amount drawn at maturity remained outstanding as of December 31, 2023 as the Company had following the termination to repay the facility upon maturity. The amounts were repaid in January 2024. 
 
 (ii) Disclosed as warehouse funding facilities, current portion within total current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 C) Notes 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes due in 2026 and 2031 
 
 On May 20, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate principal amount of billion senior unsecured notes comprised of billion of senior unsecured notes due 2026 ("2026 Senior Notes") and billion senior unsecured notes due 2031 ("2031 Senior Notes" and, together with the 2026 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ). The 2026 Senior Notes mature on June 1, 2026, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of payable semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 of each year. The 2031 Senior Notes mature on June 1, 2031, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of payable semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 of each year. The Senior Notes are subject to optional redemption provisions. At any time prior to May 1, 2026, in the case of the 2026 Senior Notes, and March 1, 2031, in the case of the 2031 Senior Notes, the Company may redeem the applicable series in whole or part at a price equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed plus an applicable premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date. The applicable premium for any note is the greater of: (i) of the principal amount of such note, and (ii) the excess, if any, of (a) the present value at the redemption date of all scheduled payments of interest plus principal on such note (excluding accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date) computed using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate as of such redemption date plus basis points, over (b) the principal amount of such note. At any time on or after May 1, 2026, in the case of the 2026 Senior Notes, and March 1, 2031, in the case of the 2031 Senior Notes, the Company may redeem the notes of the applicable series in whole or part at a price of of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date. If the Company experiences a change of control triggering event (as defined in the applicable indenture governing the applicable Senior Notes), the Company must offer to repurchase each series of Senior Notes at a repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the applicable notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable repurchase date. In the event of default, the trustee or holders of at least in aggregate principal amount of the applicable series of outstanding Senior Notes under the applicable indenture may declare all of the notes of the applicable series to be due and immediately payable. If the event of default is the result of specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, all of the notes of the applicable series will become due without any declaration or action by the trustee or holders. If there is a default in the payment of interest, the Company shall pay the defaulted interest plus, to the extent lawful, interest payable on the defaulted interest at the rate provided in the Senior Notes. 
 
 130 

million and third party offering costs of million. Issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method at an effective interest rate of and for each of the respective terms of the 2026 Senior Notes and 2031 Senior Notes, respectively. 
 
 Convertible Notes due in 2026 and 2027 
 
 On November 13, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate principal amount of billion of convertible senior notes comprised of million of convertible senior notes due 2026 ("2026 Convertible Notes") and million of convertible senior notes due 2027 ("2027 Convertible Notes"). The 2026 Convertible Notes mature on May 1, 2026, unless earlier converted or repurchased, and bear a rate of interest. The 2027 Convertible Notes mature on November 1, 2027, unless earlier converted or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year. Both the 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes are convertible at an initial conversion rate of 3.3430 shares of the Company's Class A common stock per 1,000 principal amount, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of Class A common stock. Holders may convert their relevant series of notes at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding February 1, 2026 and August 1, 2027 for the 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes, respectively, only under the following circumstances: (i) during any calendar quarter, commencing after the calendar quarter ending on March 31, 2021 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Company s Class A common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (ii) during the business day period after any consecutive trading day period (the "measurement period") in which the trading price (as defined in the indenture governing the 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes) per 1,000 principal amount of 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s Class A common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (iii) if the Company calls any or all of the 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes for redemption, such relevant series of notes called for redemption may be converted at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or (iv) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events, including certain distributions, the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes) or a transaction resulting in the Company s Class A common stock converting into other securities or property or assets. In addition, upon occurrence of the specified corporate events prior to the maturity date, the Company would increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert their relevant series of notes in connection with such an event in certain circumstances. On or after February 1, 2026 in the case of the 2026 Convertible Notes, and on or after August 1, 2027 in the case of the 2027 Convertible Notes, up until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, a holder of the relevant series of notes may convert all or any portion of its 2026 Convertible Notes or 2027 Convertible Notes regardless of the foregoing circumstances. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of its Class A common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of its Class A common stock, at the Company s election. On or after November 5, 2023 for the 2026 Convertible Notes, and on or after November 5, 2024 for the 2027 Convertible Notes, the Company may redeem all or a portion of each series of convertible notes for cash at its option, if the last reported sale price of the Company's Class A common stock has been at least of the conversion price for the relevant series of notes then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 
 131 

billion of convertible senior notes ("2025 Convertible Notes"). The 2025 Convertible Notes mature on March 1, 2025, unless earlier converted or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1 of each year. The 2025 Convertible Notes are convertible at an initial conversion rate of 8.2641 shares of the Company's Class A common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2025 Convertible Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of Class A common stock. Holders may convert their 2025 Convertible Notes at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding December 1, 2024 only under the following circumstances: (i) during any calendar quarter, commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2020 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Company s Class A common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (ii) during the business day period after any consecutive trading day period (the "measurement period") in which the trading price (as defined in the indenture governing the 2025 Convertible Notes) per 1,000 principal amount of 2025 Convertible Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s Class A common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (iii) if the Company calls any or all of the 2025 Convertible Notes for redemption, such 2025 Convertible Notes called for redemption may be converted at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or (iv) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events, including certain distributions, the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the 2025 Convertible Notes) or a transaction resulting in the Company s Class A common stock converting into other securities or property or assets. In addition, upon occurrence of the specified corporate events prior to the maturity date, the Company would increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert their 2025 Convertible Notes in connection with such an event in certain circumstances. On or after December 1, 2024, up until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, a holder may convert all or any portion of its 2025 Convertible Notes regardless of the foregoing circumstances. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of its Class A common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of its Class A common stock, at the Company s election. The Company may redeem for cash all or any part of the 2025 Convertible Notes, at its option, on or after March 5, 2023, if the last reported sale price of the Company's Class A common stock has been at least of the conversion price for the 2025 Convertible Notes then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2025 Convertible Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. The circumstances to allow the holders to convert their 2025 Convertible Notes were met in the first quarter of 2021 through the first quarter of 2022. The circumstances were not met in the second through fourth quarters of 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, certain holders of the 2025 Convertible Notes converted an immaterial aggregate principal amount of their 2025 Convertible Notes. The Company has settled the conversions through the issuance of an immaterial amount of shares of the Company's Class A common stock. As of December 31, 2023, the if-converted value did not exceed the outstanding principal amount of the 2025 Convertible Notes. 
 
 Convertible Notes due in 2023 
 
 On May 25, 2018, the Company issued an aggregate principal amount of million of convertible senior notes ("2023 Convertible Notes"). As of the maturity date on May 15, 2023, certain holders of the 2023 Convertible Notes had converted an aggregate principal amount of million of their 2023 Convertible Notes, none of which was converted during the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company settled the conversions through the issuance of million shares of the Company's Class A common stock and paid a total of million in cash to settle the remaining unconverted principal balance, and interest, as of May 15, 2023. 
 
 132 

) 2026 Senior Notes ) 2027 Convertible Notes ) 2026 Convertible Notes ) 2025 Convertible Notes ) Total ) 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company's Notes as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Principal Outstanding Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs Net Carrying Value 2031 Senior Notes ) 2026 Senior Notes ) 2027 Convertible Notes ) 2026 Convertible Notes ) 2025 Convertible Notes ) 2023 Convertible Notes (i) 
 ) Total ) 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 Total 
 
 133 

million shares of its Class A common stock at a price of approximately per share. The total cost of the 2027 convertible note hedge transactions was million. In addition, the Company sold warrants ("2027 Warrants") to the 2027 Note Hedge Counterparties whereby the 2027 Note Hedge Counterparties have the option to purchase a total of million shares of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of approximately per share for the 2027 Warrants. The Company received million in cash proceeds from the sale of the 2027 Warrants. Taken together, the purchase of the 2027 Convertible Note Hedges and sale of the 2027 Warrants are intended to reduce dilution from the conversion of the 2027 Convertible Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of the converted 2027 Convertible Notes, as the case may be, and to effectively increase the overall conversion price from approximately per share to approximately per share for the 2027 Warrants. As these instruments are considered indexed to the Company's own stock and are considered equity classified, the 2027 Convertible Note Hedges and 2027 Warrants are recorded in stockholders equity, are not accounted for as derivatives, and are not remeasured each reporting period. The net costs incurred in connection with the 2027 Convertible Note Hedges and 2027 warrant transactions were recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 In connection with the offering of the 2026 Convertible Notes, the Company entered into convertible note hedge transactions ("2026 Convertible Note Hedges") with certain financial institution counterparties ("2026 Note Hedge Counterparties") whereby the Company has the option to purchase a total of approximately million shares of its Class A common stock at a price of approximately per share. The total cost of the 2026 Convertible Note Hedges was million. In addition, the Company sold warrants ("2026 Warrants") to the 2026 Note Hedge Counterparties whereby the 2026 Note Hedge Counterparties have the option to purchase a total of million shares of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of approximately per share for the 2026 Warrants. The Company received million in cash proceeds from the sale of the 2026 Warrants. Taken together, the purchase of the 2026 Convertible Note Hedges and sale of the 2026 Warrants are intended to reduce dilution from the conversion of the 2026 Convertible Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of the converted 2026 Convertible Notes, as the case may be, and to effectively increase the overall conversion price from approximately per share to approximately per share for the 2026 Warrants. As these instruments are considered indexed to the Company's own stock and are considered equity classified, the 2026 Convertible Note Hedges and 2026 Warrants are recorded in stockholders equity, are not accounted for as derivatives, and are not remeasured each reporting period. The net costs incurred in connection with the 2026 Convertible Note Hedges and 2026 Warrants were recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 In connection with the offering of the 2025 Convertible Notes, the Company entered into convertible note hedge transactions ("2025 Convertible Note Hedges") with certain financial institution counterparties ("2025 Note Hedge Counterparties") whereby the Company has the option to purchase a total of approximately million shares of its Class A common stock at a price of approximately per share. The total cost of the 2025 Convertible Note Hedges was million. In addition, the Company sold warrants ("2025 Warrants") to the 2025 Note Hedge Counterparties whereby the 2025 Note Hedge Counterparties have the option to purchase a total of million shares of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of approximately per share. The Company received million in cash proceeds from the sale of the 2025 Warrants. Taken together, the purchase of the 2025 Convertible Note Hedges and sale of the 2025 Warrants are intended to reduce dilution from the conversion of the 2025 Convertible Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of the converted 2025 Convertible Notes, as the case may be, and to effectively increase the overall conversion price from approximately per share to approximately per share. As these instruments are considered indexed to the Company's own stock and are considered equity classified, the 2025 Convertible Note Hedges and 2025 Warrants are recorded in stockholders equity, are not accounted for as derivatives, and are not remeasured each reporting period. The net costs incurred in connection with the 2025 Convertible Note Hedges and 2025 Warrants were recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 134 

million shares of the Company's Class A common stock from certain financial institution counterparties and, as of December 31, 2023, the Convertible Note Hedges were completely settled and no longer outstanding. In addition, the warrants entered into in connection with the issuance of the 2023 Convertible Notes expired evenly over a trading day period starting on August 15, 2023 and ending on November 7, 2023. of the warrants were exercised over the trading day period. 
 135 

NOTE 16 - ) Foreign ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) 
 
 State Foreign Total current provision for income taxes Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred benefit for income taxes ) ) ) Total benefit for income taxes ) ) ) 
 
 State taxes, net of federal benefit ) Foreign rate differential ) ) Other non-deductible expenses ) ) Credits ) Other items ) Change in valuation allowance ) Share-based compensation ) ) Change in uncertain tax positions ) ) Income/loss inclusions of U.S. foreign subsidiaries ) Non-deductible executive compensation ) ) Non-deductible acquisition related costs ) ) Foreign exchange gain/loss ) Impairment loss ) Return to provision adjustments Intercompany transactions Cancellation of debt income Total ) 
 
 136 

Accrued expenses Net operating loss carryforwards Tax credit carryforwards Share-based compensation Other Operating lease liability Cryptocurrency investment Deferred consideration Convertible notes Safeguarding liability related to bitcoin held for other parties Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Property, equipment and intangible assets ) ) Unrealized gain on investments ) ) Operating lease right-of-use asset ) ) Safeguarding asset related to bitcoin held for other parties ) ) Cryptocurrency investment ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 On October 31, 2023, the Company completed certain internal restructuring steps resulting in certain U.S. domiciled Afterpay entities (collectively "Afterpay U.S.") integrating into the Block, Inc. U.S. federal consolidated filing group (the "Company's U.S. consolidated group"). The intention of the integration is to improve U.S. tax compliance efficiencies and optimize funding opportunities for Afterpay U.S. The Company recognized a one-time tax benefit of million in the year related to the internal restructuring. The integration may result in a change to the taxes owed by the Company's U.S. consolidated group in future years. This will be dependent on the income or loss generated by Afterpay U.S. or if certain conditions are met that enables the utilization of the carried over tax attributes of Afterpay U.S., which have utilization restrictions within the U.S. consolidated group post-integration. 
 
 Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. The Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities are primarily related to U.S. operations. In 2023, the Company's U.S. consolidated group generated a current tax provision resulting from the requirement to capitalize research and development expenses under Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") Section 174 and a decline in stock-based compensation deductions. The Company's U.S. consolidated group has significant deferred tax assets in the form of net operating loss carryovers, tax credit carryovers, capitalized costs resulting from the IRC Section 174 capitalization requirement, and other tax deductible temporary differences. Due to the history of tax losses generated by the Company's U.S. consolidated group, the Company believes it is not more likely than not that the deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2023 will be realized. Accordingly, the Company retained a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets of the Company's U.S. consolidated group. 
 137 

million and increased by million during the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had billion of federal, billion of state, and billion of foreign net operating loss carryforwards. The remaining carryforward amounts have no expiration date. The state operating losses will begin to expire in 2025 and the foreign net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2024. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had million of federal, million of state, and million of foreign research credit carryforwards. The remaining federal research credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2038. The state and foreign credit carryforwards have no expiration date. 
 Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards and credits may be subject to annual limitations due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and similar state provisions. The annual limitations may result in the expiration of net operating losses and credits before they are able to be utilized. The Company does not expect any previous ownership changes, as defined under Section 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, to result in an ultimate limitation that will materially reduce the total amount of net operating loss carryforwards and credits that can be utilized. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits of million, of which million would impact the annual effective tax rate if recognized and the remainder of which would result in a corresponding adjustment to the valuation allowance. 
 Gross increases and decreases related to prior period tax positions ) Gross increases and decreases related to current period tax positions ) Reductions related to lapse of statute of limitations ) ) Gross increases related to acquisitions Unrecognized tax benefit, end of the period 
 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to income tax matters as a component of income tax expense. The Company had total accrued interest and penalties of million, million, and million related to uncertain tax positions for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. It is reasonably possible that over the next 12-month period the Company may experience a decrease in its unrecognized tax benefits as a result of tax examinations or lapses of statute of limitations. The estimated decrease in unrecognized tax benefits may range up to million. 
 The Company is subject to taxation in the United States and various state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company is currently under examination in California for tax years 2013, 2014, and 2016 and in Texas for tax years 2015 to 2019. The Company s various tax years starting with 2009 to 2022 remain open in various taxing jurisdictions. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company has not provided deferred U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding taxes on temporary differences resulting from earnings for certain non-U.S. subsidiaries, which are permanently reinvested outside the U.S. Cumulative undistributed earnings for these non-U.S. subsidiaries as of December 31, 2023 are million. 

138 

NOTE 17 - 
 
 classes of authorized common stock outstanding: Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Class A common stock and Class B common stock are referred to as "common stock" throughout these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, unless otherwise noted. Holders of the Company's Class A common stock and Class B common stock are entitled to dividends when, as and if, declared by the Company's board of directors, subject to the rights of the holders of all classes of stock outstanding having priority rights to dividends. As of December 31, 2023, the Company did not declare any dividends. Holders of shares of Class A common stock are entitled to vote per share, while holders of shares of Class B common stock are entitled to votes per share. Shares of the Company's Class B common stock are convertible into an equivalent number of shares of its Class A common stock and generally convert into shares of its Class A common stock upon transfer. The holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock have no preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions with respect to such shares. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 In conjunction with the 2023 Convertible Notes offering, the Company sold the 2023 Warrants whereby the counterparties have the option to purchase a total of approximately million shares of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per share. The 2023 Warrants expired evenly over a trading day period starting on August 15, 2023 and ending on November 7, 2023. of the warrants were exercised as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 In conjunction with the 2025 Convertible Notes offering, the Company sold the 2025 Warrants whereby the counterparties have the option to purchase a total of approximately million shares of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per share. The 2025 Warrants expire evenly over a trading day period starting on June 1, 2025. of the warrants were exercised as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 In conjunction with the 2026 Convertible Notes offering, the Company sold the 2026 Warrants whereby the counterparties have the option to purchase a total of approximately million shares of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per share. The 2026 Warrants expire evenly over a trading day period starting on August 1, 2026. of the warrants were exercised as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 In conjunction with the 2027 Convertible Notes offering, the Company sold the 2027 Warrants whereby the counterparties have the option to purchase a total of approximately million shares of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per share. The 2027 Warrants expire evenly over a trading day period starting on February 1, 2028. of the warrants were exercised as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Conversion of Convertible Notes and Exercise of Convertible Note Hedges 
 
 In connection with the conversion of the 2023 Convertible Notes, the Company has issued an aggregate million shares of Class A common stock as of December 31, 2023, of which shares were issued in in the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company also exercised a pro-rata portion of the 2023 Convertible Note Hedges and received million shares of Class A common stock from the 2023 Note Hedge Counterparties to offset the shares issued as of December 31, 2023. shares were received in the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 139 

billion of the Company s Class A common stock. Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of its Class A common stock and may be suspended at any time at the Company s discretion. The timing and number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the stock price, business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities, acquisition opportunities, and other factors. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we repurchased million shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate amount of million. As of December 31, 2023, million remained available and authorized for repurchases. 
 
 Stock Plans 
 
 The Company maintains share-based employee compensation plans: the 2009 Stock Plan ("2009 Plan") and the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan ("2015 Plan"). The 2015 Plan serves as the successor to the 2009 Plan. The 2015 Plan became effective as of November 17, 2015. Outstanding awards under the 2009 Plan continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of the 2009 Plan. Since November 17, 2015, additional awards have been nor will be granted in the future under the 2009 Plan. As of December 31, 2023, the total number of shares subject to stock options, RSAs, and RSUs outstanding under the 2009 Plan was million shares. 
 
 Under the 2015 Plan, shares of the Company's Class A common stock are reserved for the issuance of incentive and nonstatutory stock options ("ISOs" and "NSOs", respectively), restricted stock awards ("RSAs"), restricted stock units ("RSUs"), performance shares, and stock bonuses to qualified employees, directors, and consultants. The awards must be granted at a price per share not less than the fair market value at the date of grant. Initially, million shares were reserved under the 2015 Plan and any shares subject to options or other similar awards granted under the 2009 Plan that expire, are forfeited, are repurchased by the Company or otherwise terminate unexercised will become available under the 2015 Plan. The number of shares available for issuance under the 2015 Plan has been and will be increased on the first day of each fiscal year, in an amount equal to the least of (i) million shares, (ii) of the outstanding shares on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (iii) such number of shares determined by the administrator of the Plan. The administrator consists of the Board of Directors who then delegates the responsibilities to the Compensation Committee. As of December 31, 2023, the total number of shares subject to stock options, RSAs, and RSUs outstanding under the 2015 Plan was million shares, and million shares were available for future issuance. 
 
 140 

Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding, end of the period Exercisable, end of the period 
 
 Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the Company s estimated fair value of its common stock and the exercise price of outstanding, in-the-money options. Aggregate intrinsic value for stock options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and billion, respectively. 
 
 The total weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted was , , and per share for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Restricted Stock Activity 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested, end of the period 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, all remaining RSAs were vested and there were RSAs outstanding. 
 
 The total fair value of shares vested was million, million, and billion in the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 141 

, subject to any plan limitations. The ESPP provides for -month offering periods. The offering periods are scheduled to start on the first trading day on or after May 15 and November 15 of each year. Each offering period includes purchase periods, which begin on the first trading day on or after November 15 and May 15, and ending on the last trading day on or before May 15 and November 15, respectively. Employees are able to purchase shares at of the lower of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the first trading day of the offering period or the last trading day of the purchase period. The number of shares available for sale under the ESPP will be increased annually on the first day of each fiscal year, equal to the least of (i) million shares, (ii) of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (iii) such other amount as determined by the administrator. As of December 31, 2023, million shares had been purchased under the ESPP and million shares were available for future issuance under the ESPP. 
 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Expected term (years) 
 
 Product development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total 
 
 The Company recorded tax benefits related to stock-based compensation expense of million, million and million, during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company recorded million, million, and million of share-based compensation expense related to the Company's 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total share-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes a million one-time charge related to the acceleration of various share-based arrangements associated with the acquisition of Afterpay. 
 
 The Company capitalized million, million, and million of share-based compensation expense related to capitalized software during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 billion of total unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding stock options and restricted stock awards that are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of . 
 
 142 

NOTE 18 - ) Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders Denominator: Basic shares: Weighted-average shares used to compute basic net income (loss) per share Diluted shares: Stock options, restricted stock, and employee stock purchase plan Convertible notes Common stock warrants Weighted-average shares used to compute diluted net income (loss) per share Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic ) Diluted ) 
 
 Convertible notes Common stock warrants Total anti-dilutive securities 

NOTE 19 - 
 
 years with options to extend the lease term for terms. The lease possession date varied by floor, beginning in May 2020. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had recorded right-of-use assets of million and associated lease liabilities of million related to this lease arrangement. 
 
 143 

of the leased space any time between January 1, 2024 and December 31, 2026, as well as an option to terminate the lease for the entire property on January 1, 2034. Termination penalties specified in the lease agreement will apply if the Company exercises any of the options to terminate the lease. On January 2, 2023, the Company notified the lessor of its intention to exercise the early termination option with respect to approximately of the leased space, effective December 31, 2023. As a result, the Company paid a termination penalty of approximately million to exercise the option. 

NOTE 20 - 
 
 to years, some of which include options to extend up to terms, or include options to terminate the leases with advanced notice. None of the options to extend the leases have been included in the measurement of the right-of-use asset or the associated lease liability. There were finance lease obligations as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Variable operating lease costs Short-term lease costs Sublease income ) ) Total lease costs 
 
 Other information related to operating leases was as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Weighted-average remaining lease term years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 144 

) Supplemental cash flow data: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Less: Amount representing interest Less: Lease incentives and transfer to held for sale Total 
 
 The Company recognized total rental expenses for operating leases of million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Purchase Commitments 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into non-cancelable purchase obligations related to cloud computing infrastructure. The commitment amounts in the table below are associated with contracts that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum services to be used, and the approximate timing of the actions under the contracts. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 Total 
 Litigation and Regulatory Matters 
 
 The Company is currently subject to, and may in the future be involved in, various litigation matters, legal claims, investigations, and regulatory proceedings. 
 
 145 

146 

NOTE 21 - 
 
 reportable segments, Square and Cash App. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company reorganized its business structure and moved the business activities, management, and the financial results of the Company's BNPL platform fully into Cash App. Accordingly, the segment results below include the financial results of the BNPL platform solely within the Cash App segment. Products and services that are not assigned to a specific reportable segment, including but not limited to TIDAL and other emerging ecosystems, are aggregated and presented within a general corporate and other category. Square and Cash App are defined as follows: 
 
 Cash App includes the financial tools available to individuals within the mobile Cash App, including peer-to-peer payments, bitcoin and stock investments. Cash App also includes Cash App Card which is linked to customer stored balances that customers can use to pay for purchases or withdraw funds from an ATM. Cash App also includes the BNPL platform. 
 
 Square includes managed payment services, software solutions, hardware, and financial services offered to sellers, excluding those that involve Cash App. 
 
 147 

Subscription and services-based revenue Hardware revenue Bitcoin revenue Segment revenue 
 Segment gross profit (ii) 

Subscription and services-based revenue Hardware revenue Bitcoin revenue Segment revenue Segment gross profit (ii) 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Cash App Square Corporate and Other (i) 
 Total Revenue: Transaction-based revenue Subscription and services-based revenue Hardware revenue Bitcoin revenue Segment revenue Segment gross profit (ii) 

(i) Corporate and other represents results related to products and services that are not assigned to a specific reportable segment, and intersegment eliminations. 
 
 (ii) Segment gross profit for Cash App for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 included million, million, and million of amortization of acquired technology assets expense, respectively. Segment gross profit for Square for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 included million, million, and million of amortization of acquired technology assets expense, respectively. Amortization of acquired technology assets expense included in Corporate and Other was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 148 

Less: Product development Less: Sales and marketing Less: General and administrative Less: Transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses Less: Bitcoin impairment losses Less: Amortization of customer and other intangible assets Less: Interest expense (income), net ) Less: Other income, net ) ) ) Income (loss) before applicable income taxes ) ) 
 
 Revenue 
 
 International Total 
 
 No individual country from the international markets contributed more than 10 of total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 
 Australia International Total 
 
 Assets by reportable segment were not included, as this information is not reviewed by the CODM to make operating decisions or allocate resources, and is reviewed on a consolidated basis. 
 
 149 

NOTE 22 - 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations Purchases of property and equipment in accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred purchase consideration related to business combinations Fair value of common stock issued related to business combinations ) ) ) Fair value of common stock issued to settle the conversion of convertible notes ) ) Fair value of shares received to settle convertible note hedges Fair value of common stock issued in connection with the exercise of common stock warrants ) Bitcoin lent to third-party borrowers ) 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 150 

Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Based on that assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 has been audited by Ernst Young, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 During the quarterly period ended December 31, 2023, the following officer, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408, as follows: 
 
 , , our , a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement providing for the sale from time to time of an aggregate of up to shares of our Class A common stock, which includes the exercise of up to options and the corresponding sale of enough of the resulting shares of Class A common stock required to cover the exercise price, withholding taxes, commissions and fees related to exercising the aforementioned options. The trading arrangement is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense in Rule 10b5-1(c). The duration of the trading arrangement is until March 30, 2025, or earlier if all transactions under the trading arrangement are completed. 
 
 No other officers or directors, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), and/or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408, during the last fiscal quarter. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 None. 
 151 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 ("Proxy Statement") and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

152 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 
 Schedules not listed above have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes herein. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 
 The documents listed in the following Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference or are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 

EXHIBIT INDEX Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 
 Scheme Implementation Deed, dated as of August 2, 2021, by and among Square, Inc., Lanai (AU) 2 Pty Ltd, and Afterpay Limited. 
 8-K 001-37622 2.1 August 2, 2021 2.2 
 Amending Deed, dated as of December 7, 2021, by and among Block, Inc., Lanai (AU) 2 Pty Ltd and Afterpay Limited. 
 8-K 001-37622 2.1 December 7, 2021 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended . 
 10-K 001-37622 3.1 February 24, 2022 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 
 8-K 001-37622 3.1 October 21, 2022 4.1 
 Form of Class A common stock certificate of the Registrant. 
 S-1/A 333-207411 4.1 November 6, 2015 4.4 
 Indenture, dated March 5, 2020, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
 8-K 001-37622 4.1 March 5, 2020 4.5 
 Form of 0.125 Convertible Senior Note due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.4) . 
 8-K 001-37622 4.2 March 5, 2020 4.6 
 Indenture, dated November 13, 2020, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (2026 Convertible Notes). 
 8-K 001-37622 4.1 November 13, 2020 4.7 
 Form of 0 Convertible Senior Note due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.6). 
 8-K 001-37622 4.2 November 13, 2020 4.8 
 Indenture, dated November 13, 2020, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (2027 Convertible Notes). 
 8-K 001-37622 4.3 November 13, 2020 4.9 
 Form of 0.25 Convertible Senior Note due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.8). 
 8-K 001-37622 4.4 November 13, 2020 4.10 
 Indenture, dated as of May 20, 2021, by and between Square, Inc. and Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (2.75 Senior Notes due 2026). 
 8-K 001-37622 4.1 May 20, 2021 4.11 
 Form of 2.75 Senior Note due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.10). 
 8-K 001-37622 4.2 May 20, 2021 4.12 
 Indenture, dated as of May 20, 2021 by and between Square, Inc. and Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (3.50 Senior Notes due 2031). 
 8-K 001-37622 4.3 May 20, 2021 4.13 
 Form of 3.50 Senior Note due 2031 (included in Exhibit 4.12). 
 8-K 001-37622 4.4 May 20, 2021 4.14 
 Description of Class A Common Stock . 
 10-K 001-37622 4.7 February 26, 2020 
 153 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.1+ 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers. 
 S-1/A 333-207411 10.1 November 6, 2015 10.2.1+ 
 Block, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated 
 10-K 001-37622 10.2.1 February 24, 2022 10.2.2+ 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 
 10.2.3+ 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award and Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 10-K 001-37622 10.2.3 February 24, 2022 10.2.4+ 
 Form of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement. 
 10.3+ 
 Block, Inc. 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated. 
 10-Q 001-37622 10.1 November 3, 2022 10.4+ 
 Square, Inc. 2009 Stock Plan and related form agreements. 
 S-1 333-207411 10.4 October 14, 2015 10.5+ 
 Square, Inc. Executive Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 S-1 333-207411 10.5 October 14, 2015 10.6 
 Block, Inc. Outside Director Compensation Policy, as amended and restated. 

10.7+ 
 Form of Change of Control and Severance Agreement between the Registrant and certain of its executive officers. 
 S-1 333-207411 10.7 October 14, 2015 10.8+ 
 Form of Change of Control and Severance Agreement between the Registrant and certain of its executive officers entered into on and after January 27, 2020. 
 10.9+ 
 Offer Letter between the Registrant and Jack Dorsey, dated as of March 7, 2016. 
 10-K 001-37622 10.8 March 10, 2016 10.10+ 
 Offer Letter between the Registrant and Alyssa Henry, dated as of October 1, 2015. 
 S-1/A 333-207411 10.12 November 6, 2015 10.11+ 
 Offer Letter between the Registrant and Amrita Ahuja, dated as of December 16, 2018 . 
 8-K 001-37622 10.1 January 4, 2019 10.12 + 
 Separation Agreement between the Registrant and Sivan Whiteley, dated as of April 26, 2023 . 
 10-Q 
 001-37622 
 10.1 
 May 4, 2023 10.13 
 Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of May 1, 2020 among the Registrant, the Lenders Party Thereto, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent. 
 8-K 001-37622 10.1 May 6, 2020 10.14 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2020, among the Registrant, the Lenders Party Thereto, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent. 
 8-K 001-37622 10.1 June 3, 2020 10.15 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2020, among the Registrant, the Lenders Party Thereto, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent. 
 8-K 001-37622 10.6 November 10, 2020 10.16 
 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2021, by and among the Registrant, the Lenders party thereto, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent. 
 8-K 001-37622 10.1 February 3, 2021 10.17 
 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2021, by and among Square, Inc., the lenders party thereto, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent. 
 8-K 001-37622 10.1 May 26, 2021 10.18 
 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2022, by and among Block, Inc., the lenders party thereto, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent . 
 8-K 001-37622 10.1 January 31, 2022 10.19 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2022, by and among Block, Inc., the lenders party thereto, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent. 
 10-K 001-37622 10.21 February 24, 2022 10.20 
 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2023, among Block, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as a dministrative a gent . 
 8-K 
 001-37622 10.1 
 June 9, 2023 10. 2 1 # 
 Master Development and Supply Agreement by and between the Registrant and TDK Corporation, dated as of October 1, 2013. 
 10-Q 
 001-37622 
 10.2 
 August 3, 2023 10.2 2 # 
 Master Manufacturing Agreement by and between the Registrant and Cheng Uei Precision Industry Co., Ltd., dated as of June 27, 2012. 
 10-Q 
 001-37622 
 10.3 
 August 3, 2023 
 154 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.2 3 # 
 ASIC Development and Supply Agreement by and between the Registrant, Semiconductor Components Industries, LLC (d/b/a ON Semiconductor) and ON Semiconductor Trading, Ltd., dated as of March 25, 2013. 
 10.24 
 Amendment 1 to ASIC Development and Supply Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2019. 
 10-K 001-37622 10.23 February 27, 2019 10.25 
 Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility Letter Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2020. 
 8-K 001-37622 10.2 June 3, 2020 10.26 
 Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility Letter of Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2021. 
 8-K 001-37622 10.2 February 3, 2021 10.27 
 Form of Convertible Note Hedge Confirmation. 
 8-K 001-37622 10.2 May 25, 2018 10.28 
 Form of Warrant Confirmation. 
 8-K 001-37622 10.3 May 25, 2018 10.29 
 Form of Convertible Note Hedge Confirmation. 
 8-K 001-37622 10.2 March 5, 2020 10.30 
 Form of Warrant Confirmation. 
 8-K 001-37622 10.3 March 5, 2020 10.31 
 Form of Convertible Note Hedge Confirmation (2026 Convertible Notes). 
 8-K 001-37622 10.2 November 10, 2020 10.32 
 Form of 2026 Warrant Confirmation. 
 8-K 001-37622 10.4 November 10, 2020 10.33 
 Form of Convertible Note Hedge Confirmation (2027 Convertible Notes). 
 8-K 001-37622 10.3 November 10, 2020 10.34 
 Form of 2027 Warrant Confirmation. 
 8-K 001-37622 10.5 November 10, 2020 21.1 
 List of subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 97.1 
 Financial Restatement Clawback Policy 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 ____________________ 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 # Certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally an unredacted copy of the exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request. 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

155 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 156 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: February 22, 2024 
 BLOCK, INC. 
 By: /s/ Jack Dorsey 
 Jack Dorsey 
 Block Head and Chairperson 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Jack Dorsey, Amrita Ahuja, and Chrysty Esperanza, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their, his or her substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 157 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Jack Dorsey Block Head and Chairperson (Principal Executive Officer) February 22, 2024 Jack Dorsey /s/ Amrita Ahuja Chief Financial Officer Chief Operating Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 February 22, 2024 Amrita Ahuja /s/ Ajmere Dale Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 February 22, 2024 Ajmere Dale /s/ Roelof Botha Director February 22, 2024 Roelof Botha /s/ Amy Brooks Director February 22, 2024 Amy Brooks /s/ Shawn Carter Director February 22, 2024 Shawn Carter /s/ Paul Deighton Director February 22, 2024 Paul Deighton /s/ Randy Garutti Director February 22, 2024 Randy Garutti /s/ Jim McKelvey Director February 22, 2024 Jim McKelvey /s/ Mary Meeker Director February 22, 2024 Mary Meeker /s/ Neha Narula 
 Director February 22, 2024 Neha Narula 
 /s/ Sharon Rothstein Director February 22, 2024 Sharon Rothstein 
 
 158 

<EX-10.2 2>
 2
 exhibit1022blockinc2023.htm
 EX-10.2 2

Document 

Exhibit 10.2.2 
 BLOCK, INC. 
 2015 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AND RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Notice of Grant ), the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award, or any of the exhibits to these documents (all together, the Agreement have the meanings given to them in the Block, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 
 The Participant has been granted this Restricted Stock Unit RSU award according to the terms below and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, as follows 
 Participant ID EMPLOYEE_IDENTIFIER - Participant Name FIRST_NAME - LAST_NAME - Grant Number OPTION_NUMBER - Grant Date OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - Vesting Commencement Date VEST_BASE_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - Number of RSUs Granted TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED, 999,999,999 - 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Unless the vesting is accelerated, these RSUs will vest according to the schedule provided in Schedule A. All vesting will be rounded in accordance with Section 3(f) of the Plan. 
 If the Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any or no reason before the Participant fully vests in an RSU, the unvested RSUs will terminate according to the terms of Section 5 of this Agreement. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the vesting of the RSUs will be subject to the Company s Stock Award Vesting and ESPP Participation During Company-Approved Leave of Absence Policy (as may be amended from time to time) as well as the terms of any other written agreement between Participant and the Company (or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, as applicable) governing the terms of these RSUs. 
 The Participant s signature below indicates that 
 (i) Participant agrees that this Restricted Stock Unit award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, including their exhibits and appendices. 
 (ii) Participant understands that the Company is not providing any tax, legal, or financial advice and is not making any recommendations regarding their participation in the Plan or their acquisition, ownership or sale of Shares. 
 -1- 

(iii) Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Agreement, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of personal tax, legal, and financial advisors prior to signing this Agreement, and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Agreement. Participant will consult with their own personal tax, legal, and financial advisors before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 (iv) Participant has read and agrees to each provision of this Agreement, including without limitation Section 10. 
 (v) Participant will notify the Company of any change to the contact address below. 
 If Participant does not provide a signature below, the electronic equivalent of consent pursuant to Exhibit A, Section 10(d) of the Agreement, or provide written notice to the Company of rejection of the Restricted Stock Unit award by the first date on which the RSUs are scheduled to vest and are thereby settled and released into Participant s account, the Restricted Stock Unit award shall be deemed accepted in accordance with sections (i)-(v) above as of the first date on which the Restricted Stock Unit award vests and Participant will therefore be agreeing to be subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 PARTICIPANT 

Signature 
 
 Address 
 ADDRESS_LINE_1 - ADDRESS_LINE_2 - CITY - STATE - ZIPCODE - COUNTRY - 
 
 -2- 

SCHEDULE A 
 VESTING SCHEDULE 
 Vest Date Number of RSUs 
 
 -3- 

EXHIBIT A 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD 
 1. Grant . The Company grants the Participant an award of RSUs as described in the Notice of Grant. If there is a conflict between the Plan, this Agreement, or any other agreement with the Participant governing these RSUs, those documents will take precedence and prevail in the following order (a) the Plan, (b) the Agreement, and (c) any other agreement between the Company and the Participant governing these RSUs. 
 2. Company s Obligation to Pay . Each RSU is a right to receive a Share on the date it vests. Until an RSU vests, the Participant has no rights with respect to the Share. Before a vested RSU is paid, the RSU is an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the Company s general assets. A vested RSU will be paid to the Participant (or in the event of their death, to their estate) in whole Shares as soon as practicable after vesting (but no later than 60 days following the vesting date), subject to them satisfying any obligations for Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section 7 of this Agreement) and any delay in payment required under Section 7 of this Agreement, and provided further that, to comply with the filing requirements under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as may hereinafter be amended HSR ), the Company may delay the payment of any vested RSU until any applicable waiting period under HSR has expired or been terminated (but no later than March 15 th of the year following the calendar year in which the RSU vests). The Participant cannot specify (directly or indirectly) the taxable year of the payment of any vested RSU under this Agreement. 
 3. Vesting . These RSUs will vest only in accordance with the Vesting Schedule in the Notice of Grant, Section 4 of this Agreement, or Section 14 of the Plan. RSUs scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest unless the Participant continues to be a Service Provider until the time such vesting is scheduled to occur. The Administrator may modify the Vesting Schedule according to its authority under the Plan if the Participant takes a leave of absence or has a reduction in hours worked in accordance with the Company s Stock Award Vesting and ESPP Participation during Company-approved Leave of Absence Policy (as may be amended from time to time). 
 4. Administrator Discretion . The Administrator has the discretion to accelerate the vesting of any RSUs at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. In that case, those RSUs will be vested as of the date specified by the Administrator. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the RSUs will only vest pursuant to this Section 4 provided that the Participant has complied with all applicable provisions of the HSR Act. 
 5. Forfeiture upon Termination of Status as a Service Provider . Upon the Participant s termination as a Service Provider for any reason, these RSUs will immediately stop vesting and be forfeited by the Participant, subject to Applicable Laws. The date of the Participant s termination as a Service Provider is detailed in Section 3(c) of the Plan. 
 6. Death of Participant . Any distribution or delivery to be made to the Participant under this Agreement will, if the Participant is then deceased, be made to the administrator or executor of their estate or, if the Administrator permits, their designated beneficiary. Any such transferee must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of their status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations that apply to the transfer. 
 7. Tax Obligations . 
 (a) Tax Withholding . 
 (i) No Shares will be issued to the Participant until Participant makes satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Administrator) for the payment of any United States, state, local or non-United States income, employment, social insurance, National Insurance Contributions, payroll tax, fringe benefit tax, payment on account, or other tax-related items related to their participation in the Plan and legally applicable to them that the Administrator determines must be withheld (collectively Tax-Related Items ), including those that result from the grant, vesting, or payment of these RSUs, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such payment, or the receipt of any dividends or other distributions (if any). If the Participant is a non-U.S. employee, the method of payment of Tax-Related Items may be modified by any Appendix. If the Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any Tax-Related Items under this Agreement when any of these RSUs otherwise are supposed to vest or settle or as of the time any Tax-Related Items related to RSUs otherwise are due (the Tax Withholding Date ), Participant will permanently forfeit the 
 -4- 

applicable RSUs and any right to receive Shares under such RSUs, and such RSUs will be returned to the Company at no cost to the Company. 
 (ii) The Company has the right (but not the obligation) to satisfy any Tax-Related Items by withholding from proceeds of a sale of Shares acquired upon payment of these RSUs arranged by the Company (on the Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent). 
 (iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has the right (but not the obligation) to satisfy any Tax-Related Items by reducing the number of Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant. 
 (iv) Further, if the Participant is subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, the Company and or any member of the Company Group for whom Participant is performing services (each, an Employer or former Employer(s) may withhold or account for tax in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (v) Regardless of any action of the Company or the Employer(s), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains their responsibility and that such Tax-Related Items and other tax liabilities of the Participant relating to the RSUs, the Plan or this Agreement may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer(s). The Participant further acknowledges that the Company, the Employer(s) and their respective agents and Affiliates (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of these RSUs and (2) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of these RSUs to reduce or eliminate their liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. 
 (b) Code Section 409A . This Section 7(b) does not apply if the Participant is not a U.S. taxpayer or otherwise subject to taxation in the U.S. as of any relevant date of determination. 
 (i) If the vesting of any RSUs is accelerated in connection with a termination of the Participant s status as a Service Provider that is a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and (x) the Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A at that time and (y) the payment of such accelerated RSUs would result in the imposition of additional tax under Code Section 409A if paid to the Participant within the 6-month period following such termination, then the accelerated RSUs will not be paid until the first day after the 6-month period ends. 
 (ii) If the Participant s status as a Service Provider terminates due to death or the Participant dies after Participant stops being a Service Provider, the delay under Section 7(b)(i) of this Agreement will not apply, and these RSUs will be paid in Shares to the Participant s estate as soon as practicable thereafter (and otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Agreement). 
 (iii) All payments and benefits under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from Code Section 409A or comply with any requirements necessary to avoid the imposition of additional tax under Code Section 409A(a)(1)(B) so that none of these RSUs or Shares issuable upon the vesting of RSUs will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Code Section 409A, and any ambiguities will be interpreted according to that intent. 
 (iv) Each payment under this Agreement is a separate payment under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). 
 8. Forfeiture or Clawback . The Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s incentive-based compensation (as such term is defined under Rule 10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and or any related stock exchange listing rules or other requirement to implement such rule), including, as applicable, these RSUs (including any proceeds, gains or other economic benefit received by the Participant from any subsequent sale of Shares issued upon payment of the RSUs) will be subject to the Block, Inc. Severance Clawback Policy (as may be amended from time to time) and any other compensation recovery or clawback policy implemented by the Company before or after the date of this Agreement (the Clawback Policy ). This includes any clawback policy adopted to comply with the requirements of Applicable Laws, including without limitation, Rule 10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any related stock exchange listing rules or other requirement to implement such rule. Accordingly, the Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the RSUs or any other award granted to the Participant under the Plan and any other incentive-based compensation provided to the Participant (as well as any other payments or benefits derived from such amounts, including any Shares issued or cash received upon vesting, exercise or settlement of any such awards or sale of Shares underlying such awards), which may include awards and other incentive-based compensation provided to the Participant prior to the date of this Agreement, may be subject to forfeiture and or recoupment in accordance with the terms of the Clawback Policy or such 
 -5- 

other applicable clawback or recoupment arrangements or policies. If the Participant is a director or employee of Square Financial Services, Inc. (the Bank ), Participant may also be required to forfeit any then-unvested portion of the RSUs if the Bank fails to meet the capital levels required to be considered well capitalized under section 324.403(b) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Rules and Regulations, 12 C.F.R. 324.403(b) for a period of one calendar month or more at any time while Participant is a director or employee of the Bank. 
 9. Rights as Stockholder . The Participant s rights as a stockholder of the Company (including the right to vote and to receive dividends and distributions) will not begin until Shares have been issued and recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars. 
 10. Acknowledgements and Agreements . The Participant s signature on the Notice of Grant accepting these RSUs or otherwise deemed acceptance of these RSUs indicates that 
 (a) PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF THESE RSUS IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AND THAT BEING HIRED OR BEING GRANTED THESE RSUS WILL NOT RESULT IN VESTING. 
 (b) PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THESE RSUS AND THIS AGREEMENT DO NOT CREATE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL AND DOES NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH THEIR RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE EMPLOYER(S) TO TERMINATE THEIR RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE, SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAWS. 
 (c) The Participant agrees that this Agreement and its incorporated documents reflect all agreements on its subject matters and that Participant is not accepting this Agreement based on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those reflected in the Agreement. 
 (d) The Participant agrees that the Company s delivery of any documents related to the Plan or these RSUs (including the Plan, the Agreement, the Plan s prospectus, and any reports of the Company provided generally to the Company s stockholders) to them may be made by electronic delivery, which may include the delivery of a link to a Company intranet or to the Internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via email, or any other means of electronic delivery specified by the Company. If the attempted electronic delivery of such documents fails, the Participant will be provided with a paper copy of the documents. The Participant acknowledges that Participant may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents that were delivered electronically at no cost to them by contacting the Company by telephone or in writing. The Participant may revoke their consent to the electronic delivery of documents or may change the electronic mail address to which such documents are to be delivered (if the Participant has provided an electronic mail address) at any time by notifying the Company of such revoked consent or revised e-mail address by telephone, postal service or electronic mail. The Participant also voluntarily agrees to participate in the Plan, including provide consent to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company and such participation shall have the same force and effect as hardcopy signature. Finally, the Participant understands that Participant is not required to consent to electronic delivery of documents. 
 (e) The Participant may deliver any documents related to the Plan or these RSUs to the Company by e-mail or any other means of electronic delivery approved by the Administrator, but the Participant must provide the Company or any designated third party administrator with a paper copy of any documents if their attempted electronic delivery of such documents fails. 
 (f) The Participant accepts that all good faith decisions or interpretations of the Administrator regarding the Plan and Awards under the Plan are binding, conclusive, and final. No member of the Administrator will be personally liable for any such decisions or interpretations. 
 (g) The Participant agrees that the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, is discretionary in nature, and may be amended, suspended, or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan. 
 (h) The Participant agrees that the grant of these RSUs is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of RSUs or benefits in lieu of RSUs, even if RSUs have been granted in the past. 
 -6- 

(i) The Participant agrees that any decisions regarding future Awards will be in the Company s sole discretion. 
 (j) The Participant agrees that Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
 (k) The Participant agrees that these RSUs and any Shares acquired under these RSUs are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation. 
 (l) The Participant agrees that these RSUs, any Shares acquired under these RSUs, and their income and value are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including for calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, holiday pay, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits, or similar payments. 
 (m) The Participant agrees that the future value of the Shares underlying these RSUs is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 (n) The Participant agrees that, for purposes of these RSUs, their engagement as a Service Provider is terminated as of the Termination of Status Date (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not the termination is later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of their service agreement, if any), unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Administrator. 
 (o) The Participant agrees that any right to vest in these RSUs terminates as of the Termination of Status Date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., the period that Participant is a Service Provider would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws (including common law, if applicable) in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or by their service agreement or employment agreement, if any, unless Participant is providing bona fide services during such time). 
 (p) The Participant agrees that the Administrator has the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of these RSUs (including whether Participant is still considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
 (q) The Participant agrees that no member of the Company Group is liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of these RSUs or of any amounts due to them from the payment of these RSUs or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon such payment. 
 (r) The Participant has read and, if applicable, agrees to the Data Privacy Provisions of Section 11 of this Agreement and the Block Employee Privacy Notice set forth at go employeeprivacy (the Privacy Notice ), and agrees to be bound by the Privacy Notice as it may be updated from time to time. 
 (s) The Participant agrees that Participant has no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages from any forfeiture of these RSUs resulting from the termination of their status as a Service Provider (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of their service agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of these RSUs to which Participant is otherwise not entitled, Participant irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against the Company or any member of the Company Group, waives their ability (if any) to bring any such claim, and releases the Company and all members of the Company Group from any such claim. If any such claim is nevertheless allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the Participant s participation in the Plan constitutes their irrevocable agreement to not pursue such claim and to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim. 
 11. Data Privacy . 
 The following provisions shall apply only to the Participant if Participant resides outside the US, Brazil, Moldova, the EU or EEA, the UK, Switzerland 
 (a) The Participant voluntarily consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of their personal data Data as described in this Agreement (including the Privacy Notice, if applicable, as it may be amended from time to time) and any other Award materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer(s), the Company and any member of the Company Group for the purposes of implementing, administering, and managing their participation in the Plan and as otherwise set forth in the Privacy Notice, if applicable, as it may be updated from time to time. If the Participant 
 -7- 

does not choose to participate in the Plan, their employment status or service with the Company Group will not be adversely affected. 
 (b) The Participant understands that the Company and the Employer(s) may hold certain Data about them, including, but not limited to, their name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all equity awards or any other entitlement to stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in their favor, for the purposes of implementing, administering, and managing the Plan and as otherwise set forth in the Privacy Notice, if applicable, as it may be updated from time to time. 
 (c) The Participant understands that Data will be transferred to one or more stock plan service provider(s) selected by the Company, which may assist the Company with the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan and for purposes as set forth in the Privacy Notice, if applicable, as it may be updated from time to time. The Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different, including less stringent, data privacy laws and protections than their country. The Participant authorizes the Company and any other possible recipients that may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to process the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing their participation in the Plan and as otherwise set forth in the Privacy Notice, if applicable, as it may be updated from time to time. 
 (d) The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage their participation in the Plan. Further, the Participant understands that Participant is providing these consents on a purely voluntary basis. If the Participant does not consent or if Participant later seeks to revoke their consent, their engagement as a Service Provider with the Employer(s) will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing their consent is that the Company will not be able to grant them awards under the Plan or administer or maintain awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing their consent may affect their ability to participate in the Plan (including the right to retain these RSUs). The Participant understands that the Participant may contact their local human resources representative for more information on the consequences of their refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent. 
 (e) The Participant s Rights in Respect of Data. In certain jurisdictions outside of the United States and to the extent required by Applicable Laws, the Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data and may request access to Data, request additional information about the processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents given by accepting this Award, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing their local human resources representative. 
 The following provisions shall apply only to the Participant if they reside in Brazil, Moldova, the EU or EEA, the UK, Switzerland, or where EU Privacy laws are otherwise applicable 
 (a) Data Collected and Purposes of Collection. The Participant understands that the Company, as well as the Employer, acting as controller, may collect, to the extent permissible under applicable law, certain personal information about the Participant, including name, home address and telephone number, information necessary to process the RSUs (e.g., mailing address for a check payment or bank account wire transfer information), date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, employment location, any capital shares or directorships held in the Company (but only where needed for legal or tax compliance), any other information necessary to process mandatory tax withholding and reporting, details of all RSUs granted, canceled, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor, and where applicable service termination date and reason for termination (all such personal information is referred to as Data ). The Data is collected from the Participant, the employing Subsidiary, and from the Company, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Privacy Notice, if applicable, as it may be updated from time to time. The legal basis (that is, the legal justification) for processing the Data is to perform the Agreement. The Data must be provided in order for the Participant to participate in the Plan and for the parties to the Agreement to perform their respective obligations thereunder and as otherwise set forth in the Privacy Notice, if applicable, as it may be updated from time to time. If the Participant does not provide Data, Participant will not be able to participate in the Plan and become a party to the Agreement. 
 (b) Transfers and Retention of Data. The Participant understands that the employing Subsidiary will transfer Data to the Company for purposes of plan administration. The Company and the employing Subsidiary may also transfer the Participant s Data to other service providers (such as accounting firms, payroll processing firms or tax firms), as may be selected by the Company in the future, to assist the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Agreement. The Participant understands that the Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting their local human resources representative. The Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States, a country that does not benefit from an 
 -8- 

adequacy decision issued by the European Commission or appropriate data protection authority. Where a recipient is located in a country that does not benefit from an adequacy decision, the transfer of the Data to that recipient will be made pursuant to standard contractual clauses for transfers of Participant s personal data to third parties located in a country that does not benefit from an adequacy decision or another means to ensure that adequate safeguards are applied to Participant's personal data, such as EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework or standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission. A copy of the documents used to protect the Participant s personal data when it is transferred outside countries that benefit from an adequacy decision may be obtained via email at privacy-eu squareup.com. The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant s rights and obligations under the Agreement, and for the duration of the relevant statutes of limitations, which may be longer than the term of the Agreement. 
 (c) The Participant s Rights in Respect of Data. The Company will take steps in accordance with applicable legislation to keep Data accurate, complete and up-to-date. The Participant is entitled to have any inadequate, incomplete or incorrect Data corrected (that is, rectified). The Participant also has the right to request access to the Participant s Data as well as additional information about the processing of that Data. Further, the Participant is entitled to object to the processing of Data or have their Data erased, under certain circumstances. As from May 25, 2018, and subject to conditions set forth in applicable law, the Participant is entitled to (i) restrict the processing of the Participant s Data so that it is stored but not actively processed (e.g., while the Company assesses whether the Participant is entitled to have Data erased) and (ii) receive a copy of the Data provided pursuant to the Agreement or generated by the Participant, in a common machine-readable format. To exercise the Participant s rights, the Participant may contact the local human resources representative. The Participant may also contact the relevant data protection supervisory authority, as Participant has the right to lodge a complaint. The data protection officer may be contacted via email at privacy-eu squareup.com. 
 12. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Address for Notices . Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Agreement must be addressed to the Company at Block, Inc., 1955 Broadway, Suite 600, Oakland, CA 94612 until the Company designates another address in writing. 
 (b) Non-Transferability of RSUs. These RSUs may not be transferred other than by will or the laws of descent or distribution. 
 (c) Binding Agreement . If any RSUs are transferred, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties to this Agreement. 
 (d) Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock . If the Company determines that the listing, registration, qualification, or rule compliance of the Common Stock on any securities exchange or under any state, federal, or foreign law or the tax code and related regulations or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to the Participant (or their estate), the Company will try to meet the requirements of any such state, federal, or foreign law or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority or securities exchange, but the Shares will not be issued until such conditions have been met in a manner acceptable to the Company. 
 (e) Captions . Captions provided in this Agreement are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 
 (f) Agreement Severable . If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be severed from the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the invalidity or unenforceability will have no effect on the remainder of the Agreement. 
 (g) Non-U.S. Appendix . These RSUs are subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any appendix to this Agreement for the Participant s country (the Appendix ). If the Participant relocates to a country included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for that country will apply to them to the extent the Company determines that applying such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. 
 (h) Choice of Law Choice of Forum. The Plan, this Agreement, these RSUs, and all determinations made and actions taken under the Plan, to the extent not otherwise governed by the laws of the United States, will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under the Plan, the Participant's acceptance of these RSUs is their consent to the jurisdiction of the State of Delaware and their agreement that any such litigation will be conducted in the Delaware Court of Chancery or the federal courts for the United States for the District of Delaware and no other courts, regardless of where Participant is performing services. 
 -9- 

(i) Modifications to the Agreement . The Plan and this Agreement constitute the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. The Participant expressly warrants that Participant is not accepting this Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Agreement or the Plan can be made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. The Company reserves the right to revise the Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of the Participant, to comply with Code Section 409A, to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Code Section 409A in connection with these RSUs, or to comply with other Applicable Laws. 
 (j) Waiver . The Participant acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement will not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement or of any subsequent breach of this Agreement by them. 
 (k) No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan, or acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. The Participant is hereby advised to consult with their own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 (l) Language . If the Participant has received this Agreement, or any other document related to the RSUs and or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 (m) Asset Reporting . There may be certain foreign asset and or account reporting requirements which may affect Participant s ability to acquire or hold Shares or cash received from participating in the Plan in a brokerage or bank account outside Participant s country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or related transactions to the tax or other authorities in the Participant s country. The Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of participating in the Plan to Participant s country within a certain time after receipt. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to comply with such regulations, and is advised to speak to a personal advisor on this matter. 
 13. HSR. To the extent necessary to comply with the filing requirements under HSR, Participant agrees to take any and all necessary actions to arrange for and complete the immediate and automatic sale of the Shares subject to this Award as such Shares vest and are settled to Participant under this Agreement. 

-10- 

EXHIBIT B 
 APPENDIX TO RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix to Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern these RSUs granted to the Participant under the Plan if the Participant works or resides in one of the countries listed below. 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix may also include information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which the Participant should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, and other Applicable Laws in effect in the respective countries as of December 2023. Such Applicable Laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that the Participant not rely on the information in this Appendix as the only source of information relating to the consequences of participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the Participant sells Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 In addition, the information contained in this Appendix is general in nature and may not apply to the Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure them of a particular result. The Company is not providing the Participant with any tax, legal, or financial advice and is not making any recommendations regarding the Participant s acquisition or sale of shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan. The Participant is advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the Applicable Laws in their country may apply to their situation. 
 Finally, if the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which the Participant is currently working, transfers employment after these RSUs are granted, or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information in this Appendix may not apply to them, and the Administrator will determine to what extent the terms and conditions in this Appendix apply. 
 
 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS TO BE INSERTED IF AND AS APPLICABLE 
 -11- 

</EX-10.2 2>

<EX-10.2 4>
 3
 exhibit1024blockinc2023.htm
 EX-10.2 4

Document 

Exhibit 10.2.4 
 BLOCK, INC. 
 2015 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT AND STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement (the Notice of Grant ), the Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Grant, or any of the exhibits to these documents (all together, the Agreement have the meanings given to them in the Block, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 
 The Participant has been granted an Option according to the terms below and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement 
 
 Employee ID EMPLOYEE_IDENTIFIER - Participant Name FIRST_NAME_MIDDLE_NAME_LAST_NAME - Grant Number OPTION_NUMBER - Grant Date OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - Vesting Commencement Date VEST_BASE_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - Number of Shares Granted TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED, 999,999,999 - Exercise Price Per Share OPTION_PRICE, 999,999,999.99 - Total Exercise Price TOTAL_OPTION_PRICE, 999,999,999.99 - Type of Option OPTION_TYPE - Expiration Date EXPIRE_DATE_PERIOD1, Month DD, YYYY - 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Unless the vesting is accelerated, Shares subject to this Option will vest and be exercisable according to the schedule provided in Schedule A. All vesting will be rounded in accordance with Section 3(f) of the Plan. 
 If the Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any or no reason before Participant fully vests in this Option, the unvested portion of this Option will terminate according to the terms of Section 4 of this Agreement. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the vesting of the Option will be subject to the Company s Stock Award Vesting and ESPP Participation During Company-Approved Leave of Absence Policy (as may be amended from time to time), as well as the terms of any other written agreement between Participant and the Company (or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, as applicable) governing the terms of this Option. 
 Exercise of Option 
 (a) If the Participant dies or their status as a Service Provider is terminated due to their Disability, the vested portion of this Option will remain exercisable for 12 months after the Termination of Status Date. 
 (b) If the Participant s status as a Service Provider is terminated by an Employer for Cause, the vested portion of the Option will remain exercisable until the Termination of Status Date. As used herein, Cause means the occurrence of any of the following (i) the Participant s conviction of, or plea of no contest to, a felony or any crime involving fraud or embezzlement (ii) the Participant s intentional misconduct (iii) the Participant s material failure to perform the Participant s employment duties (iv) the Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of any proprietary information or trade secrets of any Employer or any other party to whom the Participant owes an obligation of nondisclosure as a result of the Participant s relationship with the Employers (v) an act of material fraud or dishonesty against any Employer (vi) the Participant s material violation of any policy of any Employer or material breach of any written agreement with any Employer or (vii) the 
 1 

Participant s failure to cooperate with the Company in any investigation or formal proceeding. No Employer will terminate an Participant s employment for Cause without first providing the Participant with written notice specifically identifying the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for a Cause termination and, with respect to clauses (ii), (iii), (vi), and (vii), a reasonable cure period of not less than 10 business days following such notice to the extent such events are curable (as determined by the Company). 
 (c) For any termination of status as a Service Provider other than as set forth in subsection (a) and (b) above, the vested portion of this Option will remain exercisable for 3 months after the Termination of Status Date. 
 (d) If there is a Change in Control or merger of the Company, Section 14 of the Plan may further limit this Option s exercisability. 
 (e) This Option will not be exercisable after the Expiration Date, unless Section 4(g) of the Plan (which tolls expiration in very limited cases when there are legal restrictions on exercise) permits later exercise. 
 The Participant s signature below indicates that 
 (i) Participant agrees that this Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, including their exhibits and appendices. 
 (ii) Participant understands that the Company, Parent, any Subsidiary or their respective agents or Affiliates are not providing any tax, legal, or financial advice and are not making any recommendations regarding their participation in the Plan or their acquisition, ownership or sale of Shares. 
 (iii) Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Agreement, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of personal tax, legal, and financial advisors prior to signing this Agreement, and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Agreement. The Participant will consult with their own personal tax, legal, and financial advisors before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 (iv) Participant has read and agrees to each provision of this Agreement, including without limitation, Section 11. 
 (v) The Participant will notify the Company of any change to the contact address below. 
 If Participant does not provide a signature below, the electronic equivalent of consent pursuant to Exhibit A, Section 11(e) of the Agreement, or reject the Option in written notice to the Company of rejection of the Option by the first date on which Shares subject to the Option are scheduled to vest, the Option shall be deemed accepted in accordance with sections (i)-(v), above as of the first date on which Shares subject to the Option vest and, the Participant will be agreeing to be subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 PARTICIPANT 
 
 __________________________________ 
 Signature 
 Address ADDRESS_LINE_1 - ADDRESS_LINE_2 - CITY - STATE - ZIPCODE - COUNTRY - 
 
 2 

SCHEDULE A 
 VESTING SCHEDULE 
 Vesting Date 
 Number of Shares Subject to the Option 

3 

EXHIBIT A 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK OPTION GRANT 
 1. Grant . The Company grants the Participant an Option to purchase Shares of Common Stock as described in the Notice of Grant. If there is a conflict between the Plan, this Agreement, or any other agreement with the Participant governing this Option, those documents will take precedence and prevail in the following order (a) the Plan, (b) the Agreement, and (c) any other agreement between the Company and the Participant governing this Option. 
 If the Notice of Grant designates this Option as an Incentive Stock Option ISO ), this Option is intended to qualify as an ISO under Code Section 422. Even if this Option is designated an ISO, to the extent it first becomes exercisable as to more than 100,000 in any calendar year, the portion in excess of 100,000 is not an ISO under Code Section 422(d) and that portion will be a Nonstatutory Stock Option NSO ). For US tax purposes, to the extent applicable, if the Participant resides outside of the United States, this Option is intended to be a NSO and shall not be treated as an ISO. In addition, if the Participant exercises the Option after 3 months have passed since Participant ceased to be an employee of the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, it will no longer be an ISO. If there is any other reason this Option (or a portion of it) will not qualify as an ISO, to the extent of such nonqualification, the Option will be an NSO. The Participant understands that Participant will have no recourse against the Administrator, any member of the Company Group, or any officer or director of a member of the Company Group if all or any portion of this Option is not an ISO whether upon grant or otherwise. 
 2. Vesting . This Option will only be exercisable (also referred to as vested) in accordance with the Vesting Schedule in the Notice of Grant, Section 3 of this Agreement, or Section 14 of the Plan. Shares scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest unless the Participant continues to be a Service Provider until the time such vesting is scheduled to occur. The Administrator may modify the Vesting Schedule according to its authority under the Plan if the Participant takes a leave of absence or has a reduction in hours worked in accordance with the Company s Stock Award Vesting and ESPP Participation during Company-approved Leave of Absence Policy (as may be amended from time to time). 
 3. Administrator Discretion . The Administrator may accelerate the vesting of any portion of this Option. In that case, this Option will be vested as of the date and to the extent specified by the Administrator. 
 4. Forfeiture upon Termination of Status as a Service Provider . Upon the Participant s termination as a Service Provider for any reason, this Option will immediately stop vesting, and any portion of this Option that has not yet vested will be immediately forfeited for no consideration, subject to Applicable Laws. The date of the Participant s termination as a Service Provider is detailed in Section 3(c) of the Plan. 
 5. Death of Participant . Any distribution or delivery to be made to the Participant under this Agreement will, if Participant is then deceased, be made to the administrator or executor of their estate or, if the Administrator permits, their designated beneficiary. Any such transferee must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of their status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations that apply to the transfer. 
 6. Exercise of Option . 
 (a) Right to Exercise . This Option may be exercised only before its Expiration Date and only under the Plan and this Agreement. 
 (b) Method of Exercise . To exercise this Option, the Participant must deliver and the Administrator (or a party designated by the Administrator) must receive an exercise notice according to procedures determined by the Administrator. The exercise notice must 
 (i) state the number of Shares as to which this Option is being exercised Exercised Shares ), 
 (ii) make any representations or agreements required by the Company, 
 (iii) be accompanied by a payment of the total exercise price for all Exercised Shares, 
 4 

(iv) be accompanied by a payment of all required Tax-Related Items (defined in Section 8(a) of this Agreement) for all Exercised Shares, and 
 (v) be accompanied by a statement that the Participant is in compliance with all applicable provisions of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, if requested by the Administrator. 
 The Option is exercised when both the exercise notice and payments due under Sections 6(b)(iii) and 6(b)(iv) have been received by the Company for all Exercised Shares. The Administrator may designate a particular exercise notice to be used. 
 7. Method of Payment . The Participant may pay the exercise price for Exercised Shares by any of the following methods or a combination of methods in US Dollar (as applicable) 
 (a) cash 
 (b) check 
 (c) wire transfer 
 (d) consideration received by the Company under a formal cashless exercise program adopted by the Company or 
 (e) surrender of other Shares, as long as the Company determines that accepting such Shares does not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company. If Shares are surrendered, the value of those Shares will be the Fair Market Value for those Shares on the date they are surrendered. 
 A non-U.S. resident s methods of exercise may be restricted by the terms and conditions of any appendix to this Agreement for the Participant s country (the Appendix ). 
 8. Tax Obligations . 
 (a) Tax Withholding . 
 (i) No Shares will be issued to the Participant until Participant makes satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Administrator) for the payment of any United States, state, local or non-United States income, employment, social insurance, National Insurance Contributions, payroll tax, fringe benefit tax, payment on account, or other tax-related items related to their participation in the Plan and legally applicable to him or her that the Administrator determines must be withheld (collectively, Tax-Related Items ), including those that result from the grant, vesting, or exercise of this Option, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired under this Option or the receipt of any dividends or other distributions (if any). If the Participant is a non-U.S. employee, the method of payment of Tax-Related Items may be modified by any Appendix. If the Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any Tax-Related Items under this Agreement at the time of an attempted Option exercise or as of the time any Tax-Related Items related to the Option are otherwise due (the Tax Withholding Date ), the Company may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to deliver the Shares. 
 (ii) The Company has the right (but not the obligation) to satisfy any Tax-Related Items by withholding from proceeds of a sale of Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Option arranged by the Company (on the Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent), and this will be the method by which such tax withholding obligations are satisfied until the Company determines otherwise, subject to Applicable Laws. 
 (iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has the right (but not the obligation) to satisfy any Tax-Related Items by reducing the number of Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant. 
 (iv) The Participant authorizes the Company and or any member(s) of the Company Group for whom Participant is performing services (each, an Employer to withhold any Tax-Related Items legally payable by the Participant from their wages or other cash compensation paid to the Participant by the Company and or the Employer(s) or from proceeds of the sale of Shares. 
 (v) Further, if the Participant is subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, the Company and or the Employer(s) or former Employer(s) may withhold or account for tax in greater than one jurisdiction. 
 5 

(vi) Regardless of any action of the Company or the Employer(s), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains their responsibility and that such Tax-Related Items and other tax liabilities of the Participant relating to the Options, the Plan or this Agreement may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer(s). The Participant further acknowledges that the Company, the Employer(s) and their respective agents and Affiliates (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Option and (2) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of this Option to reduce or eliminate their liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. 
 (b) Tax Reporting . This Section 8(b) applies if the Participant is a U.S. taxpayer. If this Option is partially or wholly an ISO, and if the Participant sells or otherwise disposes of any the Shares acquired by exercising the ISO portion on or before the later of (i) the date 2 years after the Grant Date, or (ii) the date 1 year after the date of exercise, Participant may be subject to withholding of Tax-Related Items by the Company on the compensation income recognized by Participant and must immediately notify the Company in writing of the disposition. 
 9. Forfeiture or Clawback . The Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s incentive-based compensation (as such term is defined under the Company's Financial Restatement Clawback Policy (the Clawback Policy ), including, as applicable, this Option (including any proceeds, gains or other economic benefit received by the Participant from any subsequent sale of Shares resulting from the exercise) will be subject to the Clawback Policy (as may be amended from time to time) and any other compensation recovery or clawback policy implemented by the Company before or after the date of this Agreement. This includes any clawback policy adopted to comply with the requirements of Applicable Laws, including without limitation, Rule 10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1034 and any related stock exchange listing rules or other requirement to implement such rule. Accordingly, the Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Option, any other award granted to the Participant under the Plan and any other incentive-based compensation provided to the Participant (as well as any other payments or benefits derived from such amounts, including any Shares issued or cash received upon vesting, exercise or settlement of any such awards or sale of Shares underlying such awards), which may include awards and other incentive-based compensation provided to the Participant prior to the date of this Agreement, may be subject to forfeiture and or recoupment in accordance with the terms of the Clawback Policy or such other applicable clawback or recoupment arrangements or policies. If the Participant is a director or employee of Square Financial Services, Inc. (the Bank ), the Participant may also be required to forfeit any then-unvested portion of the Option if the Bank fails to meet the capital levels required to be considered well capitalized under section 324.403(b) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Rules and Regulations, 12 C.F.R. 324.403(b) for a period of one calendar month or more at any time while Participant is a director or employee of the Bank. 
 10. Rights as Stockholder . The Participant s rights as a stockholder of the Company (including the right to vote and to receive dividends and distributions) will not begin until Shares have been issued and recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars. 
 11. Acknowledgements and Agreements . The Participant s signature on the Notice of Grant accepting this Option or otherwise deemed acceptance of this Option indicates that 
 (a) PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF THIS OPTION IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AND THAT BEING HIRED, GRANTED THIS OPTION, AND EXERCISING THE OPTION WILL NOT RESULT IN VESTING. 
 (b) PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS OPTION AND AGREEMENT DO NOT CREATE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND DOES NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH THEIR RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE EMPLOYER(S) TO TERMINATE THEIR RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE, SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAWS. 
 (c) The Participant agrees that this Agreement and its incorporated documents reflect all agreements on its subject matters and that Participant is not accepting this Agreement based on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those reflected in the Agreement. 
 (d) The Participant understands that exercise of this Option is governed strictly by Sections 6, 7, and 8 of this Agreement and that failure to comply with those Sections could result in the expiration of this Option, even if an attempt was made to exercise. 
 6 

(e) The Participant agrees that the Company s delivery of any documents related to the Plan or this Option (including the Plan, the Agreement, the Plan s prospectus and any reports of the Company provided generally to the Company s stockholders) to Participant may be made by electronic delivery, which may include the delivery of a link to a Company intranet or the Internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via email, or any other means of electronic delivery specified by the Company. If the attempted electronic delivery of such documents fails, the Participant will be provided with a paper copy of the documents. The Participant acknowledges that Participant may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents that were delivered electronically at no cost to Participant by contacting the Company by telephone or in writing. The Participant may revoke their consent to the electronic delivery of documents or may change the electronic mail address to which such documents are to be delivered (if the Participant has provided an electronic mail address) at any time by notifying the Company of such revoked consent or revised e-mail address by telephone, postal service or electronic mail. The Participant also voluntarily agrees to participate in the Plan, including providing consent to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company and such participation shall have the same force and effect as hardcopy signature. Finally, the Participant understands that Participant is not required to consent to electronic delivery of documents. 
 (f) The Participant may deliver any documents related to the Plan or this Option to the Company by e-mail or any other means of electronic delivery approved by the Administrator, but Participant must provide the Company or any designated third party administrator with a paper copy of any documents if their attempted electronic delivery of such documents fails. 
 (g) The Participant accepts that all good faith decisions or interpretations of the Administrator regarding the Plan and Awards under the Plan are binding, conclusive, and final. No member of the Administrator will be personally liable for any such decisions or interpretations. 
 (h) The Participant agrees that the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, is discretionary in nature, and may be amended, suspended, or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan. 
 (i) The Participant agrees that the grant of this Option is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of options, or benefits in lieu of options, even if options have been granted in the past. 
 (j) The Participant agrees that any decisions regarding future Awards will be in the Company s sole discretion. 
 (k) The Participant agrees that Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
 (l) The Participant agrees that this Option and any Shares acquired under the Plan are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation. 
 (m) The Participant agrees that this Option, any Shares acquired under the Plan, and their income and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, holiday pay, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits, or similar payments. 
 (n) The Participant agrees that the future value of the Shares underlying this Option is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 (o) The Participant understands that if the underlying Shares do not increase in value, this Option will have no intrinsic monetary value. 
 (p) The Participant understands that if this Option is exercised, the value of each Share received on exercise may increase or decrease in value, even below the Exercise Price per Share. 
 (q) The Participant agrees that, for purposes of this Option, their engagement as a Service Provider is terminated as of the Termination of Status Date (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not the termination is later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of their service agreement, if any), unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Administrator. 
 (r) The Participant agrees that any right to vest in this Option terminates as of the Termination of Status Date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., the period that Participant is a Service Provider would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws 
 7 

(including common law, if applicable) in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or by their service agreement or employment agreement, if any, unless Participant is providing bona fide services during such time). 
 (s) The Participant agrees that the period during which the Participant may exercise the vested portion of this Option after a termination of their status as a Service Provider (if any) will start as of the Termination of Status Date (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not the termination is later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of their service agreement, if any), unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Administrator. 
 (t) The Participant agrees that the Administrator has the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of this Option (including whether Participant is still considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
 (u) The Participant agrees that no member of the Company Group is liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Option or of any amounts due to Participant from the exercise of this Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon exercise. 
 (v) The Participant has read and, if applicable, agrees to the Data Privacy Provisions of Section 12 of this Agreement and the Block Employee Privacy Notice set forth at go employeeprivacy (the Privacy Notice ), and agrees to be bound by the Privacy Notice as it may be updated from time to time. 
 (w) The Participant agrees that Participant has no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages from any forfeiture of this Option resulting from the termination of their status as a Service Provider (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of their service agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of this Option to which Participant is otherwise not entitled, Participant irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against the Company or any member of the Company Group, waives their ability (if any) to bring any such claim, and releases the Company and all members of the Company Group from any such claim. If any such claim is nevertheless allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the Participant s participation in the Plan constitutes their irrevocable agreement to not pursue such claim and to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim. 
 12. Data Privacy . 
 The following provisions shall apply only to the Participant if they reside outside the US, the EU or EEA, the UK, Switzerland 
 (a) The Participant voluntarily consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of their personal data Data as described in this Agreement (including the Privacy Notice, if applicable, as it may be amended from time to time) and any other Award materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer(s), the Company and any member of the Company Group for the purpose of implementing, administering, and managing their participation in the Plan and as otherwise set forth in the Privacy Notice, if applicable, as it may be updated from time to time. If the Participant does not choose to participate in the Plan, their employment status or service with the Company Group will not be adversely affected. 
 (b) The Participant understands that the Company and the Employer(s) may process certain Data about them, including, but not limited to, their name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all equity awards or any other entitlement to stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in their favor, for the purposes of implementing, administering, and managing the Plan and as otherwise set forth in the Privacy Notice, if applicable, as it may be updated from time to time. 
 (c) The Participant understands that Data will be transferred to one or more stock plan service provider(s) selected by the Company, which may assist the Company with the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan and for purposes as set forth in the Privacy Notice, if applicable, as it may be updated from time to time. The Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different, including less stringent, data privacy laws and protections than their country. The Participant authorizes the Company and any other possible recipients that may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to process the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing their participation in the Plan and as otherwise set forth in the Privacy Notice, if applicable, as it may be updated from time to time. 
 8 

(d) The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage their participation in the Plan. Further, the Participant understands that Participant is providing these consents on a purely voluntary basis. If the Participant does not consent or if Participant later seeks to revoke their consent, their engagement as a Service Provider with the Employer(s) will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing their consent is that the Company will not be able to grant Participant awards under the Plan or administer or maintain awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing their consent may affect their ability to participate in the Plan (including the right to retain this Option). The Participant understands that the Participant may contact their local human resources representative for more information on the consequences of their refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent. 
 (e) The Participant s Rights in Respect of Data. In certain jurisdictions outside of the United States and to the extent required by Applicable Laws, the Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data and may request access to Data, request additional information about the processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents given by accepting this Option, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing their local human resources representative. 
 The following provisions shall apply only to the Participant if they reside in the EU or EEA, the UK, Switzerland, or where EU Privacy laws are otherwise applicable 
 (a) Data Collected and Purposes of Collection. The Participant understands that the Company, as well as the Employer, acting as controller, may collect, to the extent permissible under applicable law, certain personal information about the Participant, including name, home address and telephone number, information necessary to process the Options (e.g., mailing address for a check payment or bank account wire transfer information), date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, employment location, any capital shares or directorships held in the Company (but only where needed for legal or tax compliance), any other information necessary to process mandatory tax withholding and reporting, details of all granted, canceled, exercised or outstanding in Participant s favor, and where applicable service termination date and reason for termination (all such personal information is referred to as Data ). The Data is collected from the Participant, the employing Subsidiary, and from the Company, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Privacy Notice, if applicable, as it may be updated from time to time. The legal basis (that is, the legal justification) for processing the Data is to perform the Agreement. The Data must be provided in order for the Participant to participate in the Plan and for the parties to the Agreement to perform their respective obligations thereunder and as otherwise set forth in the Privacy Notice, if applicable, as it may be updated from time to time. If the Participant does not provide Data, Participant will not be able to participate in the Plan and become a party to the Agreement. 
 (b) Transfers and Retention of Data. The Participant understands that the employing Subsidiary will transfer Data to the Company for purposes of plan administration. The Company and the employing Subsidiary may also transfer the Participant s Data to other service providers (such as accounting firms, payroll processing firms or tax firms), as may be selected by the Company in the future, to assist the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Agreement. The Participant understands that Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting their local human resources representative. The Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States, a country that does not benefit from an adequacy decision issued by the European Commission. Where a recipient is located in a country that does not benefit from an adequacy decision, the transfer of the Data to that recipient will be made pursuant to standard contractual clauses for transfers of Participant s personal data to third parties located in a country that does not benefit from an adequacy decision, or another means to ensure that adequate safeguards are applied to Participant s personal data, such as EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework or standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission. A copy of the documents used to protect the Participant s personal data when it is transferred outside countries that benefit from an adequacy decision may be obtained via email at privacy-eu squareup.com. The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant s rights and obligations under the Agreement, and for the duration of the relevant statutes of limitations, which may be longer than the term of the Agreement. 
 (c) The Participant s Rights in Respect of Data. The Company will take steps in accordance with applicable legislation to keep Data accurate, complete and up-to-date. The Participant is entitled to have any inadequate, incomplete or incorrect Data corrected (that is, rectified). The Participant also has the right to request access to the Participant s Data as well as additional information about the processing of that Data. Further, the Participant is entitled to object to the processing of Data or have their Data erased, under certain circumstances. As from May 25, 2018, and subject to conditions set forth in applicable law, the Participant is entitled to (i) restrict the processing of the Participant s Data so that it is stored but not actively processed (e.g., while the Company assesses whether the Participant is entitled to have Data erased) and (ii) receive a copy of the Data provided pursuant to the Agreement or generated by the Participant, in a common machine-readable format. To exercise the Participant s rights, the Participant may contact the local human resources representative. The Participant may also contact the relevant data protection supervisory authority, as Participant has the right to lodge a complaint. The data protection officer may be contacted via email at privacy-eu squareup.com. 
 9 

13. Miscellaneous 
 (a) Address for Notices . Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Agreement must be addressed to the Company at Block, Inc., 1955 Broadway, Suite 600, Oakland, CA 94612 until the Company designates another address in writing. 
 (b) Non-Transferability of Option . This Option may not be transferred other than by will or the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of the Participant only by Particiapnt or their representative following a Disability. 
 (c) Binding Agreement . If this Option is transferred, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties to this Agreement. 
 (d) Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock . If the Company determines that the listing, registration, qualification, or rule compliance of the Common Stock on any securities exchange or under any state, federal, or foreign law or the tax code and related regulations or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to the Participant (or their estate), the Company will try to meet the requirements of any such state, federal, or foreign law or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority or securities exchange, but the Shares will not be issued until such conditions have been met in a manner acceptable to the Company. 
 (e) Captions . Captions provided in this Agreement are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 
 (f) Agreement Severable . If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be severed from the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the invalidity or unenforceability will have no effect on the remainder of the Agreement. 
 (g) Non-U.S. Appendix . This Option is subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix. If the Participant relocates to a country included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for that country will apply to Participantr to the extent the Company determines that applying such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. 
 (h) Choice of Law Choice of Forum . The Plan, this Agreement, this Option, and all determinations made and actions taken under the Plan, to the extent not otherwise governed by the laws of the United States, will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under the Plan, the Participant's acceptance of this Option is their consent to the jurisdiction of the State of Delaware and their agreement that any such litigation will be conducted in the Delaware Court of Chancery or the federal courts for the United States for the District of Delaware and no other courts, regardless of where Participant is performing services. 
 (i) Modifications to the Agreement . The Plan and this Agreement constitute the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. The Participant expressly warrants that Participant is not accepting this Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Agreement or the Plan can be made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. The Company reserves the right to revise the Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of the Participant, to comply with Code Section 409A, to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Code Section 409A in connection with this Option, or to comply with other Applicable Laws 
 (j) Waiver . The Participant acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement will not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement or of any subsequent breach of this Agreement by Participant. 
 (k) No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company and its Affiliates and agents are not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor are they making any recommendations regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan, or acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. The Participant is hereby advised to consult with their own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 10 

(l) Language . If the Participant has received this Agreement, or any other document related to the Options and or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 (m) Asset Reporting . There may be certain foreign asset and or account reporting requirements which may affect Participant s ability to acquire or hold Shares or cash received from participating in the Plan in a brokerage or bank account outside Participant s country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or related transactions to the tax or other authorities in the Participant s country. The Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of participating in the Plan to Participant s country within a certain time after receipt. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to comply with such regulations, and is advised to speak to a personal advisor on this matter. 
 14. HSR. To the extent necessary to comply with the filing requirements under HSR, Participant agrees to take any and all necessary actions to arrange for and complete the immediate and automatic sale of the Shares acquired upon the exercise of the Option covered by this Agreement. 

11 

EXHIBIT B 
 APPENDIX TO STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 This Appendix to Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern this Option granted to the Participant under the Plan if the Participant works or resides in one of the countries listed below. 
 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix may also include information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which the Participant should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, and other Applicable Laws in effect in the respective countries as of December 2023. Such Applicable Laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that the Participant not rely on the information in this Appendix as the only source of information relating to the consequences of participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the Participant sells Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 In addition, the information contained in this Appendix is general in nature and may not apply to the Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure Participant of a particular result. The Company is not providing the Participant with any tax, legal, or financial advice and is not making any recommendations regarding the Participant s acquisition or sale of shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan. The Participant is advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the Applicable Laws in their country may apply to their situation. 
 Finally, if the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which the Participant is currently working, transfers employment after this Option is granted, or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information in this Appendix may not apply to Participant, and the Administrator will determine to what extent the terms and conditions in this Appendix apply. 
 
 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS TO BE INSERTED IF AND AS APPLICABLE 
 12 

</EX-10.2 4>

<EX-10.6>
 4
 exhibit106blockinc2023.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 

Exhibit 10.6 
 Outside Director Compensation Policy 
 (Adopted On November 4, 2015 Effective As Of November 18, 2015 As Last Amended on February 8, 2024) 
 
 Block, Inc. (the Company believes that the granting of cash compensation and equity to members of its Board of Directors (the Board, and members of the Board, the Directors represents an effective tool to attract, retain, and reward Directors who are not employees of the Company (the Outside Directors ). This Outside Director Compensation Policy (the Policy is intended to formalize the Company s policy regarding grants of cash compensation and equity to its Outside Directors. Unless defined in this Policy, capitalized terms are defined in the Company s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time (the Plan ). Each Outside Director is solely responsible for any tax obligations they incur from the receipt of any compensation under this Policy. The Company will reimburse each Outside Director for reasonable, customary, and documented travel expenses in connection with attending meetings of the Board or any committee of the Board. 
 
 This Policy is amended effective as of January 1, 2024 (the Effective Date ). 
 1. CASH RETAINERS 
 Annual Cash Retainer Each Outside Director will be paid an annual cash retainer of 40,000. Committee Chair and Committee Member Annual Cash Retainers Each Outside Director who serves as chairperson or member of a committee of the Board will be paid additional annual cash retainers as follows 
 Chairperson of Audit and Risk Committee 20,000 
 Chairperson of Compensation Committee 15,000 
 Chairperson of Nominating and Corporate Governance 
 Committee 10,000 
 Member of Audit and Risk Committee 10,000 
 Member of Compensation Committee 5,000 
 Member of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 2,500 
 All cash compensation will be paid quarterly in arrears on a prorated basis (the last day of each fiscal quarter, a Retainer Accrual Date ). For the avoidance of doubt, an Outside Director who serves as chairperson of a committee of the Board will not also be paid the additional annual cash retainer for their service as a member of such committee. No Outside Director will receive per meeting attendance fees for attending meetings of the Board or its committees. 
 2. EQUITY COMPENSATION 
 1 

Outside Directors may be granted all types of equity awards (except incentive stock options) under the Plan or any other Company equity plan in place at the time of grant Awards ), including discretionary Awards not covered under this Policy. All grants of Awards to Outside Directors under this Policy will be made in accordance with this Section 2 and no Awards may be made if they would exceed any limitations in the Plan. 
 (a) Elections To Receive Restricted Stock Units in Lieu of Cash Retainers 
 (i) Retainer Award . Each Outside Director may elect to convert all of their cash compensation under Section 1 into an Award of Restricted Stock Units (each a Retainer Award in accordance with this Section 2 (such election, a Retainer Award Election ). If an Outside Director timely makes a Retainer Award Election, on the first business day following the immediately preceding Retainer Accrual Date to which that Retainer Award Election applies (provided that such Outside Director is a Service Provider on such date), such Outside Director automatically will be granted an Award of Restricted Stock Units covering a number of units equal to (A) the aggregate amount of cash compensation otherwise payable to such Outside Director under Section 1 on such Retainer Accrual Date divided by (B) the closing price per Share as of the Retainer Accrual Date (or the last trading day of the quarter if the Retainer Accrual Date falls on a non-trading day) and rounding down to the next whole Share. The Retainer Award will be fully vested on the grant date. For the avoidance of doubt, if an Outside Director makes a Retainer Award Election but thereafter ceases to be a Service Provider as of or prior to an applicable Retainer Accrual Date to which such Retainer Award Election relates, the Outside Director shall be provided their cash retainer under Section 1 as of such date (to the extent applicable) as if no Retainer Award Election was made or effective. (ii) Election Mechanics . Each Retainer Award Election must be submitted to the Company s General Counsel in writing at least 10 business days in advance of a Retainer Accrual Date, and subject to any other conditions specified by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee ). An Outside Director may only make a Retainer Award Election during a period in which the Company is not in a quarterly or special blackout period and the Outside Director is not in possession of any material non-public information. Once a Retainer Award Election is properly submitted, it will be in effect for the next Retainer Accrual Date and will remain in effect for successive Retainer Accrual Dates unless and until the Outside Director revokes it in accordance with clause Section 2(a)(iii) below or ceases to be a Service Provider as of or prior to the applicable Retainer Accrual Date. An Outside Director who fails to make a timely Retainer Award Election or who ceases to be a Service Provider as of or prior to the applicable Retainer Accrual Date will not receive a Retainer Award and instead will receive the cash compensation under Section 1. (iii) Revocation Mechanics . The revocation of any Retainer Award Election must be submitted to the Company s General Counsel in writing at least 10 business days in advance of a Retainer Accrual Date, and subject to any other conditions specified by the Board or Compensation Committee. An Outside Director may only revoke a Retainer Award Election during a period in which the Company is not in a quarterly or special blackout period and the Outside Director is not aware of any material non-public information. Once the revocation of the Retainer Award Election is properly submitted, it will be in effect for the next Retainer Accrual Date and will remain in effect for successive Retainer Accrual Dates unless and until the Outside Director makes a new Retainer Award Election in accordance with Section 2(a)(ii) above. 
 2 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Outside Director may elect to revoke their Retainer Award Election at any time prior to the grant of a Retainer Award if the receipt of such Retainer Award or the issuance of Shares thereunder, in either case, is reasonably expected to result in a violation of, or a penalty, fee, or filing to the Outside Director under applicable law. If an Outside Director revokes their Retainer Award Election pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, the rules set forth in the last sentence of the immediately preceding paragraph shall apply. 
 (b) Automatic Outside Director Awards 
 (i) No Discretion . All grants of Awards to Outside Directors pursuant to this Section 2(b) will be automatic and nondiscretionary. No person will have any discretion to select which Outside Directors will be granted any Awards under this Section 2(b) or to determine the number of Shares to be covered by such Awards. 
 (ii) Initial Award . Upon an Outside Director s initial appointment to the Board (other than by appointment on the date of each annual meeting of the Company s stockholders (the Annual Meeting following the Effective Date), such Outside Director automatically will be granted an Award of Restricted Stock Units with a grant date fair value (determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles) of 250,000 multiplied by a fraction (A) the numerator of which is (x) 12 minus (y) the number of months between the date of the last Annual Meeting and the date the Outside Director becomes a member of the Board and (B) the denominator of which is 12 (an Initial Award ). Subject to Section 2(b)(v), each Initial Award will fully vest upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the grant date or (ii) the next Annual Meeting, in each case subject to the Outside Director continuing to be a Service Provider through the vesting date. For the avoidance of doubt, should the appointment date be the same as the date of an Annual Meeting, then such Outside Director will only be granted an Annual Award (as defined below). 
 (iii) Annual Award . On the date of each Annual Meeting following the Effective Date, each Outside Director automatically will be granted an Award of Restricted Stock Units with a grant date fair value (determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles) of 250,000 (an Annual Award ). Subject to Section 2(b)(v), each Annual Award will fully vest upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the grant date or (ii) the next Annual Meeting, in each case subject to the Outside Director continuing to be a Service Provider through the vesting date. 
 (iv) Lead Independent Director Annual Award . On the date of each Annual Meeting following the Effective Date, the Lead Independent Director automatically will be granted an additional Award of Restricted Stock Units with a grant date fair value (determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles) of 70,000 (the Lead Independent Director Annual Award ). Subject to Section 2(b)(v), each Lead Independent Director Annual Award will fully vest upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the grant date or (ii) the next Annual Meeting, in each case subject to the Lead Independent Director continuing to be a Service Provider through the vesting date. 
 (v) Change in Control . In the event of a Change in Control, each Outside Director will fully vest in their Awards granted under this Policy. 
 3. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
 3 

In addition to the terms of this Policy, all provisions of the Plan (or such other Company equity plan in place at the time under which the Awards are granted) will apply to Awards granted to Outside Directors. 
 4. REVISIONS The Board in its discretion may at any time change and otherwise revise the terms of the cash compensation granted under this Policy, including, without limitation, the amount or timing of payment of any future grants of cash compensation. The Board in its discretion may at any time change and otherwise revise the terms of Awards to be granted under this Policy, including, without limitation, the number of Shares subject thereto. The Board in its discretion may at any time suspend or terminate the Policy. 
 4 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.8>
 5
 exhibit108blockinc2023.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 

Exhibit 10.8 
 BLOCK, INC. 
 CHANGE OF CONTROL AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 This Change of Control and Severance Agreement (the Agreement is made between Block, Inc. (the Company and ______ (the Executive ), effective as of __________ (the Effective Date ). 
 The Agreement provides certain protections to the Executive in connection with a change of control of Block or in connection with the involuntary termination of the Executive s employment under the circumstances described in the Agreement. 
 The Company and the Executive agree as follows 
 1. Term of Agreement . The Agreement will terminate when all of the obligations under the Agreement have been satisfied. 
 2. At-Will Employment Transition Period . 
 (a) Notwithstanding any other portion of this Agreement, the Company and the Executive acknowledge that the Executive s employment is and will continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law. 
 (b) Executive acknowledges that if, prior to a Change of Control, the Company decides to terminate Executive s employment with the Company Group without Cause (for reasons other than death or Disability), the Company may request that the Executive continue to remain employed with the Company Group for a specified transition period prior to such termination. If the Company makes this request, the request shall be communicated in the form of a notice pursuant to Section 10(a)(i) of this Agreement (the date of such notice, the Notice Date ). The period following the Notice Date during which the Company requests that Executive continue employment with the Company Group shall not exceed one hundred and eighty (180) days from the Notice Date, and such period shall be referred to herein as the Transition Period . For the avoidance of doubt, the Transition Period may, subject to the prior sentence, end following a Change of Control. During the Transition Period, the Executive will be expected to perform such transition and other duties as reasonably requested by the Company Group in its discretion, Executive will provide such duties in good faith and abide by all Company policies and procedures, and the Executive agrees that none of the following will constitute Good Reason under this Agreement (i) any change in Executive s duties, authorities, reporting structure, or responsibilities during the Transition Period, (ii) the Company s request to continue employment during the Transition Period, or (iii) Executive s agreement to continue employment during the Transition Period. During the Transition Period, and to the extent the Executive continues employment with the Company Group during such Transition Period, the Executive will continue to be paid the Executive s Base Salary, vest in the Executive s equity awards in accordance with the terms of the applicable equity plan and equity award agreement(s) governing such awards, and participate in the Company s bonus or commission plans and employee benefit plans, in all cases, in accordance with their terms, including eligibility requirements. For the avoidance of doubt, the Executive s continued employment during the Transition Period shall continue to be at-will. 
 3. Reserved . 
 4. Severance Benefits . 
 (a) Non-COC Qualified Termination . On a Non-COC Qualified Termination, the Executive will be eligible to receive the following payments and benefits 
 (i) Salary Severance . A lump-sum payment equal to the Executive s Base Salary for the Severance Period. 
 (ii) Bonus Severance . A lump-sum payment equal to (A) the annual bonus that the Executive would have earned for the fiscal year in which the Executive s Non-COC Qualified Termination occurs had the Executive remained employed with the Company Group through the date the Executive was required to continue employment with the Company Group in order to be eligible to receive such bonus multiplied by (B) the fraction 

obtained by dividing (x) the number of full months the Executive has worked during the performance period as of the Notice Date for such bonus by (y) the total number of months in such performance period, which will be paid at the same time as other similarly situated employees of the Company receive bonus payments for the fiscal year but in no event later than March 15 of the year following the year of the Non-COC Qualified Termination. 
 (iii) COBRA Payment . A taxable lump-sum payment equal to the monthly COBRA premium that the Executive would be required to pay to continue group health coverage through the end of the Severance Period for the Executive and the Executive s eligible covered dependents in effect on the date of termination of employment, based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage. Such cash payment will be made regardless of whether the Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage. 
 (iv) Equity Vesting . 
 (1) If the Non-COC Qualified Termination is due to reasons other than death or Disability, each of the Executive s then-outstanding time-based equity awards will immediately vest and, in the case of options and stock appreciation rights, become exercisable, in each case, as to the number of shares subject to such time-based equity award that were otherwise scheduled to vest and, to the extent applicable, become exercisable, had the Executive remained employed with the Company Group through the end of the Severance Period and no Change of Control occurred during the Severance Period. Any restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, and or similar full value awards that vest under this paragraph will be settled on the 61st day following the Non-COC Qualified Termination. 
 (2) If the Non-COC Qualified Termination is due to the Executive s death or Disability, including, for this purpose, if any Company Group-requested Transition Period ceases early due to the Executive s death or Disability, 100 of the then-unvested shares subject to each of the Executive s then-outstanding equity awards will immediately vest and, in the case of options and stock appreciation rights, will become exercisable (for avoidance of doubt, no more than 100 of the shares subject to the then-outstanding portion of an equity award may vest and become exercisable under this provision). In the case of equity awards with performance-based vesting, all performance goals and other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at 100 of target levels. Any restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, and or similar full value awards that vest under this paragraph will be settled on the 61st day following the Executive s death or Disability. 
 (b) COC Qualified Termination . On a COC Qualified Termination, the Executive will be eligible to receive the following payments and benefits 
 (i) Salary Severance . A lump-sum payment equal to 100 of the Executive s Base Salary. 
 (ii) Bonus Severance . A lump-sum payment equal to 100 of the Executive s target annual bonus as in effect for the fiscal year in which the COC Qualified Termination occurs. 
 (iii) COBRA Payment . A taxable lump-sum payment equal to 12 multiplied by the monthly COBRA premium that the Executive would be required to pay to continue group health coverage for the Executive and the Executive s eligible covered dependents in effect on the date of termination of employment, based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage. Such cash payment will be made regardless of whether the Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage. 
 (iv) Equity Vesting . 100 of the then-unvested shares subject to each of the Executive s then-outstanding equity awards will immediately vest and, in the case of options and stock appreciation rights, will become exercisable (for avoidance of doubt, no more than 100 of the shares subject to the then-outstanding portion of an equity award may vest and become exercisable under this provision). In the case of equity awards with performance-based vesting, all performance goals and other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at the greater of actual performance or 100 of target levels. Any restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, and or similar full value awards that vest under this paragraph will be settled on the 61 st day following the COC Qualified Termination. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Executive s Qualified Termination occurs prior to a Change of Control, then any unvested portion of the Executive s then-outstanding equity awards will remain outstanding for 3 months or the occurrence of a Change of Control (whichever is earlier) so that any additional benefits due on a COC Qualified Termination can be provided if a Change of Control occurs within 3 months following the Qualified Termination (provided that in no event will the Executive s stock options or similar equity awards remain outstanding beyond the 
 2 

equity award s maximum term to expiration). In such case, if no Change of Control occurs within 3 months following a Qualified Termination, any unvested portion of the Executive s equity awards automatically will be forfeited permanently on the 3-month anniversary of the Qualified Termination without having vested. 
 (c) Termination other than a Qualified Termination . If the termination of Executive s employment with the Company Group is not a Qualified Termination, then the Executive will not be entitled to receive severance or other benefits. 
 (d) Non-Duplication of Payment or Benefits . If (i) the Executive s Qualified Termination occurs prior to a Change of Control that qualifies Executive for severance payments and benefits under Section 4(a) and (ii) a Change of Control occurs within the 3-month period following Executive s Qualified Termination that qualifies Executive for severance payments and benefits under Section 4(b), then (A) the Executive will cease receiving any further payments or benefits under Section 4(a) and (B) the Executive will receive the payments and benefits under Section 4(b) instead but each of the payments and benefits otherwise payable under Section 4(b) will be offset by the corresponding payments or benefits the Executive already received under Section 4(a). 
 (e) Death of the Executive . If the Executive dies before all payments or benefits the Executive is entitled to receive under the Agreement have been paid, such unpaid amounts will be paid to the Executive s designated beneficiary, if living, or otherwise to the Executive s personal representative in a lump-sum payment as soon as possible following the Executive s death. 
 (f) Transfer between the Company Group . For purposes of the Agreement, if the Executive is involuntarily transferred from one member of the Company Group to another, such transfer will not be a termination without Cause but may give the Executive the ability to resign for Good Reason. 
 (g) Exclusive Remedy . In the event of a termination of the Executive s employment with the Company Group, the provisions of the Agreement are intended to be and are exclusive and in lieu of any other rights or remedies to which the Executive may otherwise be entitled, whether at law, tort or contract, in equity. The Executive will be entitled to no benefits, compensation or other payments or rights upon termination of employment other than those benefits expressly set forth in the Agreement. 
 5. Accrued Compensation . On any termination of the Executive s employment with the Company Group, the Executive will be entitled to receive all accrued but unpaid vacation, expense reimbursements, wages, and other benefits due to the Executive under any Company-provided plans, policies, and arrangements. 
 6. Conditions to Receipt of Severance . 
 (a) Separation Agreement and Release of Claims . The Executive s receipt of any severance payments or benefits upon the Executive s Qualified Termination under Section 4 is subject to the Executive signing and not revoking a separation agreement and general release of claims to be provided by the Company Group (which may include an agreement not to disparage any member of the Company Group, non-solicit provisions, and other standard terms and conditions) (the Release and such requirement, the Release Requirement ), which must become effective and irrevocable no later than the 60th day following the Executive s Qualified Termination (the Release Deadline ). If the Release does not become effective and irrevocable by the Release Deadline, the Executive will forfeit any right to severance payments or benefits under Section 4. In no event will severance payments or benefits under Section 4 be paid or provided until the Release actually becomes effective and irrevocable. None of the severance payments and benefits payable upon such Executive s Qualified Termination under Section 4 will be paid or otherwise provided prior to the 60th day following the Executive s Qualified Termination. Except to the extent that payments are delayed under Section 6(b), on the first regular payroll pay day following the 60th day following the Executive s Qualified Termination, the Company will pay or provide the Executive the severance payments and benefits that the Executive would otherwise have received under Section 4 on or prior to such date, with the balance of such severance payments and benefits being paid or provided as originally scheduled. 
 (b) Section 409A . The Company intends that all payments and benefits provided under the Agreement or otherwise are exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and any guidance promulgated under Section 409A of the Code (collectively, Section 409A so that none of the payments or benefits will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted in accordance with this intent. No payment or benefits to be paid to the Executive, if any, under the Agreement or otherwise, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits that are considered 
 3 

deferred compensation under Section 409A (together, the Deferred Payments will be paid or otherwise provided until the Executive has a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. The Company and the Executive agree that the level of bona fide services provided by the Executive to the Company Group during any Transition Period will be at such levels request by the Company or the member of the Company Group employing the Company Group, which shall be at least 50 of the average level of series performed by the Executive for the Company Group during the thirty-six (36)-month period (or shorter period of Executive s employment with the Company Group) immediately preceding the start of the Transition Period. If, at the time of the Executive s termination of employment, the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A, then the payment of the Deferred Payments will be delayed to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, which generally means that the Executive will receive payment on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date that is 6 months and 1 day following the Executive s termination of employment. The Company reserves the right to amend the Agreement as it considers necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of the Executive or any other individual, to comply with any provision required to avoid the imposition of the additional tax imposed under Section 409A or to otherwise avoid income recognition under Section 409A prior to the actual payment of any benefits or imposition of any additional tax. Each payment, installment, and benefit payable under the Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). In no event will any member of the Company Group have any liability or obligation to reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless the Executive for any taxes (including penalties or interest) or costs that may be imposed on or incurred by the Executive as a result of Section 409A. 
 7. Limitation on Payments . 
 (a) Reduction of Severance Benefits . If any payment or benefit that the Executive would receive from any Company Group member or any other party whether in connection with the provisions herein or otherwise (the Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then such Payment will be equal to the Best Results Amount. The Best Results Amount will be either (x) the full amount of such Payment or (y) such lesser amount as would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local employment taxes, income taxes and the Excise Tax, results in the Executive s receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount. If a reduction in payments or benefits constituting parachute payments is necessary so that the Payment equals the Best Results Amount, reduction will occur in the following order reduction of cash payments cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock awards reduction of employee benefits. In the event that acceleration of vesting of stock award compensation is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting will be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of the Executive s equity awards unless the Executive elects in writing a different order for cancellation. The Executive will be solely responsible for the payment of all personal tax liability that is incurred as a result of the payments and benefits received under the Agreement, and the Executive will not be reimbursed by any member of the Company Group for any such payments. 
 (b) Determination of Excise Tax Liability . The Company will select a professional services firm to make all of the determinations required to be made under these paragraphs relating to parachute payments. The Company will request that the firm provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and the Executive prior to the date on which the event that triggers the Payment occurs if administratively feasible, or subsequent to such date if events occur that result in parachute payments to the Executive at that time. For purposes of making the calculations required under these paragraphs relating to parachute payments, the firm may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith determinations concerning the application of the Code. The Company and the Executive will furnish to the firm such information and documents as the firm may reasonably request in order to make a determination under these paragraphs relating to parachute payments. The Company will bear all costs the firm may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by these paragraphs relating to parachute payments. Any such determination by the firm will be binding upon the Company and the Executive, and the Company will have no liability to the Executive for the determinations of the firm. 
 8. Definitions . The following terms referred to in the Agreement will have the following meanings 
 (a) Base Salary means the Executive s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to the Executive s Qualified Termination (or if the termination is due to a resignation for Good Reason based on a material reduction in base salary, then the Executive s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to such reduction) or, if the Executive s Qualified Termination is a COC Qualified Termination and such amount is greater, at the level in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control. 
 4 

(b) Cause means the occurrence of any of the following (i) the Executive s conviction of, or plea of no contest to, a felony or any crime involving fraud or embezzlement (ii) the Executive s intentional misconduct (iii) the Executive s material failure to perform the Executive s employment duties (iv) the Executive s unauthorized use or disclosure of any proprietary information or trade secrets of any Company Group member or any other party to whom the Executive owes an obligation of nondisclosure as a result of the Executive s relationship with the Company Group (v) an act of material fraud or dishonesty against any Company Group member (vi) the Executive s material violation of any policy of any Company Group member or material breach of any written agreement with any Company Group member or (vii) the Executive s failure to cooperate with the Company in any investigation or formal proceeding. To constitute a termination for Cause, the Company Group member must first provide the Executive with written notice specifically identifying the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for a Cause termination and, with respect to clauses (ii), (iii), (vi), and (vii), a reasonable cure period of not less than 10 business days following such notice to the extent such events are curable (as determined by the Company). 
 (c) Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following events 
 (i) Change in Ownership of the Company . A change in the ownership of the Company which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group Person ), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than 50 of the total voting power of the stock of the Company provided, that for this subsection, the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person, who prior to such acquisition is considered to own more than 50 of the total voting power of the stock of the Company will not be considered a Change of Control. Further, if the stockholders of the Company immediately before such change in ownership continue to retain immediately after the change in ownership, in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company s voting stock immediately prior to the change in ownership, direct or indirect beneficial ownership of 50 or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company, such event shall not be considered a Change of Control under this clause (i). For this purpose, indirect beneficial ownership shall include, without limitation, an interest resulting from ownership of the voting securities of one or more corporations or other business entities which own the Company, as the case may be, either directly or through one or more subsidiary corporations or other business entities or 
 (ii) Change in Effective Control of the Company . If the Company has a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, a change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Company s board of directors (the Board is replaced during any 12-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this clause (b), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change of Control or 
 (iii) Change in Ownership of a Substantial Portion of the Company s Assets . A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than 50 of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection, the following will not constitute a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets (A) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Company s stockholders immediately after the transfer, or (B) a transfer of assets by the Company to (1) a stockholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to the Company s stock, (2) an entity, 50 or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, (3) a Person, that owns, directly or indirectly, 50 or more of the total value or voting power of all the then-outstanding stock of the Company, or (4) an entity, at least 50 of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a Person. 
 For this definition, gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. For this definition, persons will be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company. 
 A transaction will not be a Change of Control unless the transaction qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A (as defined below). 
 5 

Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Change of Control if (i) its sole purpose is to change the state of the Company s incorporation, or (ii) its sole purpose is to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. 
 (d) Change of Control Period means the period beginning 3 months prior to a Change of Control and ending 12 months following a Change of Control. 
 (e) COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended. 
 (f) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 (g) Company Group means the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 (h) Disability means the Executive is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, either (i) unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity or (ii) receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than 3 months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company Group member that is employing the Executive. 
 (i) Good Reason means the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company Group by the Executive in accordance with the next sentence after the occurrence of one or more of the following events without the Executive s express written consent (i) a material reduction of the Executive s duties, authorities, or responsibilities relative to the Executive s duties, authorities, or responsibilities in effect immediately prior to such reduction, provided, however, that (x) continued employment following a Change of Control with substantially the same duties, authorities, or responsibilities with respect to the Company Group s business and operations will not constitute Good Reason (for example, Good Reason does not exist if the Executive is employed by the Company Group or a successor with substantially the same duties, authorities, or responsibilities with respect to the Company Group s business that the Executive had immediately prior to the Change of Control regardless of whether the Executive s title is revised to reflect the Executive s placement within the overall corporate hierarchy or whether the Executive provides services to a subsidiary, affiliate, business unit or otherwise), and (y) in connection with any investigation being conducted by the Company, the Board or its authorized committee, or an outside third party, the Company may, in its sole discretion, suspend or revoke Executive s access to any and all systems, facilities, and or equipment without such action constituting Good Reason (ii) a material reduction by a Company Group member in the Executive s rate of annual base salary provided, however, that, a reduction of annual base salary that also applies to substantially all other similarly situated employees of the Company Group members will not constitute Good Reason (iii) a material change in the geographic location of the Executive s primary work facility or location provided, that a relocation of less than 35 miles from the Executive s then present location will not be considered a material change in geographic location or (iv) the failure of the Company to obtain from any successor or transferee of the Company Group an express written and unconditional assumption of the Company s obligations to the Executive under the Agreement. In order for the termination of the Executive s employment with a Company Group member to be for Good Reason, the Executive must not terminate employment without first providing written notice to the Company of the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for Good Reason within 90 days of the initial existence of the grounds for Good Reason and a cure period of 30 days following the date of written notice (the Cure Period ), such grounds must not have been cured during such time, and the Executive must terminate the Executive s employment within 30 days following the Cure Period. 
 (j) Qualified Termination means a termination of the Executive s employment with the Company Group (i) either (A) by a Company Group member without Cause (including due to the Executive s death or Disability) or (B) by the Executive for Good Reason, in either case, during the Change of Control Period, and, in either case, provided that the Executive has completed any Company Group-requested Transition Period (excluding the Executive s early cessation of any such Transition Period due to Executive s death or Disability, or the Company Group s termination of the Transition Period other than for Cause prior to its scheduled expiration) and, during any such Transition Period, has abided by all Company policies and procedures (a COC Qualified Termination or (ii) outside of the Change of Control Period by a Company Group member without Cause (including due to the Executive s death or Disability), provided that Executive has completed any Company Group-requested Transition Period (excluding the Executive s early cessation of any such Transition Period due to Executive s death or Disability, or the Company Group s termination of the Transition Period other than for Cause prior to its scheduled expiration) and, during any such Transition Period, has abided by all Company policies and procedures (a Non-COC Qualified Termination ). 
 6 

(k) Severance Period means a number of days equal to (i) one hundred and eighty (180) minus (ii) the number of days during the Transition Period (if any) provided, however, if, following the Notice Date and prior to the scheduled expiration of the Transition Period, (i) the Company Group terminates the Transition Period other than for Cause or (ii) the Executive s employment with the Company Group terminates due to the Executive s death or Disability, the reduction under clause (ii) shall be limited to the number of days of actual employment with the Company Group during the Transition Period. 
 9. Successors . 
 (a) The Company s Successors . Any successor (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Company Group s business and or assets must assume the obligations under the Agreement and agree expressly to perform the obligations under the Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession. For all purposes under the Agreement, the terms Company and Company Group will include any successor to their business and or assets which executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this Section 9(a) or which becomes bound by the terms of the Agreement by operation of law. 
 (b) The Executive s Successors . The terms of the Agreement and all rights of the Executive under the Agreement will inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees, and legatees. 
 10. Notice . 
 (a) General . All notices and other communications required or permitted under the Agreement shall be in writing and will be effectively given (i) upon actual delivery to the party to be notified, (ii) for communications to Executive, upon transmission by e-mail to Executive s Company Group e-mail address, (iii) 24 hours after confirmed facsimile transmission, (iv) 1 business day after deposit with a recognized overnight courier or (v) 3 business days after deposit with the U.S. Postal Service by first class certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed (A) if to the Executive, at the address the Executive shall have most recently furnished to the Company in writing, (B) if to the Company, at the following address 
 Block, Inc. 
 1955 Broadway, Suite 600 
 Oakland, CA 94612 
 Attention Chief Legal Officer 
 Fax Number (855) 204-8795 
 Phone Number (415) 375-3176 ext 74968 
 (b) Notice of Termination and Transition Period . 
 (i) Any termination by a Company Group member for a Non-COC Qualified Termination (excluding by reason of death or Disability) will be communicated by a notice of termination to the Executive given in accordance with Section 10(a) of the Agreement. Such notice will specify the date the Executive s employment with the Company Group is expected to terminate (which will be not more than one hundred and eighty (180) days after the giving of such notice) and the expected length of the Transition Period (if any). 
 (ii) Any termination by a Company Group member for Cause will be communicated by a notice of termination to the Executive, and any termination by the Executive for Good Reason will be communicated by a notice of termination to the Company, in each case given in accordance with Section 10(a) of the Agreement. Such notice will indicate the specific termination provision in the Agreement relied upon, will set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination under the provision so indicated, and will specify the termination date (which will be not more than 30 days after the later of (i) the giving of such notice or (ii) the end of any applicable cure period). The failure by the Executive to include in the notice any fact or circumstance that contributes to a showing of Good Reason will not waive any right of the Executive under the Agreement or preclude the Executive from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the Executive s rights under the Agreement. 
 11. Resignation . The termination of the Executive s employment for any reason will also constitute, without any further required action by the Executive, the Executive s voluntary resignation from all officer and or 
 7 

director positions held at any member of the Company Group, and at the Board s request, the Executive will execute promptly any documents reasonably necessary to reflect such resignation. 
 12. Clawback Policies. Executive hereby agrees and acknowledges that executive shall be subject to, and bound by, the terms and conditions of the Company s Financial Restatement Clawback Policy and Severance Clawback Policy, each as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (the Clawback Policies ), the current versions of which have been made available to Executive. Accordingly, Executive acknowledges and agrees that any compensation provided to Executive (including any incentive-based or other compensation granted, paid or provided to or earned by Executive, whether before, on or following the Effective Date) that is covered by the Clawback Policies shall be subject to recoupment and or forfeiture pursuant to the Clawback Policies, subject to the terms and conditions thereof. In addition, in the event it is determined by the Board or the compensation committee of the Board that any amounts granted, awarded, earned or paid to Executive must be forfeited or reimbursed to the Company pursuant to the Clawback Policies, Executive will promptly take any action necessary to effectuate such forfeiture and or reimbursement. Executive further acknowledges and agrees that Executive is not entitled to indemnification or right of advancement of expenses in connection with any enforcement of the Clawback Policies by the Company, whether under the Company s charter, by-laws or any other agreement or arrangement. 
 13. Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 (a) No Duty to Mitigate . The Executive will not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by the Agreement, nor will any such payment be reduced by any earnings that the Executive may receive from any other source. 
 (b) Waiver Amendment . No provision of the Agreement will be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by an authorized officer of the Company (other than the Executive) and by the Executive. No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of the Agreement by the other party will be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 
 (c) Headings . All captions and section headings used in the Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of the Agreement. 
 (d) Entire Agreement . The Agreement, together with the offer letter by and between the Company and the Executive (including its Arbitration Agreement) (the Offer Letter ), the Confidentiality Agreement, Block, Inc. s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (and any successor thereto), any other restricted stock unit or stock option agreements between you and the Company governing your Company equity award(s), 1 and the Clawback Policies , constitute the entire agreement of the parties hereto and supersedes in their entirety all prior representations, understandings, undertakings or agreements (whether oral or written and whether expressed or implied) of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 (e) Choice of Law . This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to California s conflicts of law rules that may result in the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than California, except as otherwise specified in the Arbitration Agreement contained in Executive s Offer Letter.. 
 (f) Arbitration . All disputes between Executive and the Company (including its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, partners, employees, officers, directors, insurers, agents, investors, contractors, and vendors) arising out of or related to this Agreement must be submitted for binding arbitration with JAMS, as specified in the Arbitration Agreement contained in Executive s Offer Letter.. 
 (g) Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of the Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which will remain in full force and effect, except that in no event shall Executive be entitled to any severance payments or benefits under this Agreement if the requirement as to the release of claims in Section 6(a) is invalidated, rendered unenforceable, and or does not become effective or irrevocable by the Release Deadline. 
 
 1 Any vesting provisions in this Agreement will apply to all equity awards unless the terms of any award agreement explicitly supersede this Agreement. 
 8 

(h) Withholding . All payments and benefits under the Agreement will be paid less applicable withholding taxes. The Company is authorized to withhold from any payments or benefits all federal, state, local and or foreign taxes required to be withheld from such payments or benefits and make any other required payroll deductions. No member of the Company Group will pay the Executive s taxes arising from or relating to any payments or benefits under the Agreement. 
 (i) Counterparts . The Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 Signature page follows. 

9 

By its signature below, each of the parties signifies its acceptance of the terms of the Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer. 
 
 COMPANY BLOCK, INC. 
 By 
 Title 
 Date 
 
 THE EXECUTIVE 
 NAME 
 Date 

Signature page to Change of Control and Severance Agreement 

10 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.23>
 6
 exhibit1023blockinc2023.htm
 EX-10.23

Document 

Exhibit 10.23 
 CERTAIN INFORMATION IN THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN REDACTED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) INFORMATION THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. INDICATES THAT INFORMATION HAS BEEN REDACTED. 
 ON SEMICONDUCTOR ASIC DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
 This ASIC Development and Supply Agreement Agreement is made and entered into as of the 25th day of March, 2013 Effective Date by and between Semiconductor Components Industries, LLC a Delaware limited liability company (d b a ON Semiconductor) having its principal place of business at 5005 E. McDowell Road, Phoenix, Arizona 85008, U.S.A., and ON Semiconductor Trading, Ltd. , a corporation organized under the laws of Bermuda and having a principal place of business at Hamma Building 3rd Floor, 1 Lane Hill, Hamilton HM19, Bermuda, on its own behalf and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively ON SEMICONDUCTOR , it being understood that Semiconductor Components Industries, LLC and ON Semiconductor Trading, Ltd. shall be jointly liable for compliance with this Agreement by ON SEMICONDUCTOR), and Square, Inc ., a Delaware corporation having its principal place of business at 901 Mission Street, San Francisco, California, 94103 SQUARE ). ON SEMICONDUCTOR and SQUARE also are hereinafter referred to individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties. 
 For purposes of clarity, the Parties agree that Semiconductor Components Industries, LLC shall be the responsible and applicable seller for any and all bill to addresses or purchase orders for delivery to any locations in the territory of the United States or its possessions, or Mexico or Brazil (hereinafter US Sales Locations ), and that ON Semiconductor Trading Ltd. shall be the responsible and applicable seller for any and all bill to addresses or purchase orders for delivery to any worldwide locations other than US Sales Locations. 
 WHEREAS, SQUARE is engaged in the business of designing, developing and manufacturing products used for electronic payments and 
 WHEREAS ON SEMICONDUCTOR develops, manufactures, and sells a broad range of integrated circuits which are used in a wide variety of applications for a number of end user including industrial and consumer products and 
 WHEREAS the Parties wish to define the general terms and conditions governing the development by ON SEMICONDUCTOR and SQUARE of Application Specific Integrated Circuits ASIC s for sale to SQUARE and or Authorized Purchaser(s) (as defined below) 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above promises and mutual covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as follows 
 Article 1 SUBJECT OF THIS AGREEMENT 
 These general terms and conditions shall apply to all ASIC development projects performed by ON SEMICONDUCTOR for SQUARE, subject to any variations that may be agreed upon in writing between the Parties. 
 Article 2 DEFINITIONS 
 When used in this Agreement, the following words and expressions shall have the meaning as stated below, unless the context otherwise requires 
 A. ASIC Specification means the ASIC specification detailing functions, capabilities, and features of the Product and any expressly referenced qualifications and reliability testing requirements, and criteria identified in Exhibit A, as such specification may be amended from time to time by the Parties by mutual agreement in writing. 
 B. Authorized Purchaser means the entity authorized by SQUARE to purchase Products from ON SEMICONDUCTOR pursuant to the Exhibit D Letter of Authorization signed by SQUARE and Authorized Purchaser, provided, however, that, (i) in the event ON SEMICONDUCTOR has reasonable grounds to doubt the Authorized Purchaser s creditworthiness, SQUARE shall, upon ON SEMICONDUCTOR s written request, provide any documentation available to SQUARE regarding such creditworthiness and consult in good faith with ON SEMICONDUCTOR, (ii) ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall not refuse to sell Products to the Authorized Purchaser if 
 1 

the documentation or other information provided by SQUARE is reasonably sufficient to confirm the Authorized Purchaser s creditworthiness and (iii) if the Authorized Purchaser is not an ON SEMICONDUCTOR direct purchaser, ON SEMICONDUCTOR may sell Product to such Authorized Purchaser through an ON SEMICONDUCTOR distributor. Subject to limitations set forth herein, ON SEMICONDUCTOR agrees to sell Product to the Authorized Purchaser and to extend to the Authorized Purchaser the same terms and conditions for the Products as set forth in this Agreement. All Products sold to SQUARE and the Authorized Purchaser shall be aggregated by SQUARE for the purpose of determining any applicable volume discounts or commitments. 
 C. Background Intellectual Property Rights means any and all Intellectual Property Rights which (i) at were owned or controlled or (ii) or (iii) . 
 D. Competing Product means any product or technology used or incorporated in a debit or credit card reader. 
 E. Confidential Information means any non-public information, whether in tangible, machine readable, or electronic form, disclosed by one Party Discloser to the other Recipient ), which the Discloser identifies at the time of disclosure as confidential and or proprietary by means of a legend, marking, stamp or other notice conspicuously designating the information to be confidential and or proprietary, or information disclosed orally or visually by a Party to this Agreement, where the Discloser identifies such information as confidential and or proprietary at the time of its disclosure and, within thirty (30) days after such oral or visual disclosure, reduces the subject matter of the disclosure to a tangible or electronic form properly identified in the manner described above and submits it to the Recipient. Confidential Information includes, without limitation, this Agreement, including the exhibits hereto, and any specification, layout, design, drawing, formula, technique, algorithm, know-how, sample product, test data, information related to engineering, manufacturing, sales, marketing, management or quality control, financial information or other information related to the business operations of the Discloser (including without limitation, with respect to Square, timing and quantity of product ordering). 
 F. Development Activities means the development activities with respect to the Product set forth in the applicable SOW. 
 G. Development Phase is defined as that time before the Product Release Date. 
 H. Engineering Samples means initial pre-production samples verified to best available tests at room temperature, assembled in non-production packaging, and intended for initial evaluation purposes only. 
 I. Foreground Intellectual Property Rights means all Intellectual Property Rights . Foreground Intellectual Property Rights do not include either Party s Background Intellectual Property Rights. 
 J. Intellectual Property Rights or Intellectual Property or IPR means any and all intellectual property rights worldwide arising under statutory or common law or by contract and whether or not perfected, now existing or hereafter filed, issued, or acquired, including without limitation (a) all present and future patents and patent applications and all reissues, divisions, renewals, extensions, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof (b) inventions, invention disclosures, improvements, trade secrets, manufacturing processes, test and qualification processes, technical designs, compositions, formulae, models, schematics, proprietary information, know-how, technology, technical data and mask works, and all documentation relating to any of the foregoing (c) registered and unregistered copyrights (without limitation copyright on designs, software, both source and object code, mask works, and all derivative works thereof), copyright registrations and applications therefore (d) industrial designs and any registrations and applications therefore and (e) any other form of intellectual property protection afforded by law which otherwise arises or is enforceable under the laws of any jurisdiction or any bi-lateral or multi-lateral treaty regime. 
 K. Mask Works means one or more series of related images however fixed or encoded (a) used during the semiconductor fabrication process, (b) having or representing the predetermined three dimensional pattern of metallic, insulating or semiconductor material present or removed from the layers of a semiconductor chip product, and (c) in which series the relation of the images to one another is that each image has the pattern of the surface of one form of the semiconductor chip product as defined by the U.S. Semiconductor Chip Protection Act of 1984. 
 L. ON SEMICONDUCTOR Deliverables means any Product samples, prototypes, documentation and other Confidential Information supplied by ON SEMICONDUCTOR to SQUARE pursuant to a Statement of Work. 
 M. ON SEMICONDUCTOR Foreground Intellectual Property Rights means all Intellectual Property Rights conceived, created or developed , within the scope of this Agreement . 
 2 

N. Product(s) means an ASIC developed specifically for SQUARE, as further defined in the applicable Statement of Work and meeting the requirements of the applicable ASIC Specification. 
 O. Product Release Date means the date of SQUARE s written approval of the Production Prototypes. 
 P. Production Activities means the activities related to the manufacturing of Production Product following the Product Release Date. 
 Q. Production Product means Product manufactured following the Product Release Date. 
 R. Production Prototypes means production samples of Product built using final production processes, assembled in final production package, verified to conform to the ASIC Specification, and subjected to final product qualification testing. 
 S. Product Topography means the final and complete integrated circuit topography of the applicable ASIC as uniquely configured to the ASIC Specification and considered as a whole. Product Topography does not include any Mask Works or IPR thereof in the proprietary standard cells, libraries, macros and or other design data that comprise the individual elements of the integrated circuit topography. 
 T. Square Deliverables means any software, schematics, specifications, netlists, microcode, designs, or techniques and other Confidential Information supplied by SQUARE to ON SEMICONDUCTOR for use in the design of the Product or otherwise incorporated therein. 
 U. Square Owned Foreground Intellectual Property Rights means all Intellectual Property Rights conceived, created or developed solely by or on behalf (other than by ON SEMICONDUCTOR) of SQUARE, within the scope of this Agreement since . 
 V. Statement of Work or SOW means a separate document attached to this Agreement that is substantially similar to the form set forth in Exhibit B and details the specific tasks to be performed by the Parties with respect to a particular Product. 
 Article 3 DEVELOPMENT EFFORTS 
 3.1. SQUARE Deliverables . SQUARE will provide ON SEMICONDUCTOR with the Square Deliverables and all other necessary documents and information as further detailed in the relevant Statement of Work or applicable ASIC Specification according to the delivery schedule detailed in the relevant document. The accuracy and integrity of the SQUARE Deliverables is and remains the entire responsibility of SQUARE. 
 3.2. ON SEMICONDUCTOR Tasks . ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall use all commercially and technically reasonable efforts to complete the development work according to the relevant SOW and or ASIC Specification. 
 3.3. SQUARE Tasks . SQUARE hereby agrees to reasonably participate in the development of the Product(s) and shall render all reasonably required assistance, skill, and support to perform its obligations under this Agreement and as stipulated in the relevant SOW. 
 Article 4 PROGRESS REVIEW 
 4.1. Progress Reports . ON SEMICONDUCTOR will send at regular intervals (not less often than every two weeks) a progress report to the SQUARE s program manager, procurement manager, or other designee as set forth in the relevant SOW. 
 4.2. Progress Reviews . The Parties will hold regular progress review meetings at times and places mutually agreed upon (not less often than every two weeks) to discuss the progress and the results, as well as the ongoing plans, or changes therein, with regard to the development of the Product(s). The SOW shall identify the Project Leader (and or Program Manager) and key designers designated by ON SEMICONDUCTOR to perform the Development Activities (collectively Key Members ). ON SEMICONDUCTOR may not replace any of the Key Members without providing SQUARE with prior written notice. 
 Article 5 PAYMENT 
 3 

5.1. NRE Payment . SQUARE will pay ON SEMICONDUCTOR the amount due for the development of the Product by ON SEMICONDUCTOR for SQUARE as set forth in the applicable SOW NRE ). 
 5.2. Invoices . Invoicing of the NRE shall take place in accordance with the payment schedule as detailed in the applicable SOW. All invoices are payable within thirty (30) days of the date of invoice. 
 Article 6 CHANGE REQUEST PROCEDURE 
 6.1. Changes . Either Party may from time to time, during performance hereunder, request changes in the ASIC Specification and or SOW. Such changes shall be implemented only upon the mutual written agreement of both Parties subject to the following conditions (i) SQUARE shall have no obligation to agree to any change request by ON SEMICONDUCTOR that SQUARE believes would adversely affect the pricing or operation of the Product in SQUARE s application and (ii) neither Party shall unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its approval of a technically reasonable request. Any change request once agreed to by both Parties shall be treated as an Agreement modification and the terms of the relevant document, such as the NRE, pricing or development milestone schedule, shall if necessary be adjusted to take account thereof. No ASIC Specification changes will be implemented by ON SEMICONDUCTOR except and until such ASIC Specification changes and the consequences thereof have been agreed upon in writing and accepted by the Parties. 
 6.2. Payment for Changes . Payment of the charges in excess of the original NRE (if applicable) occasioned by the additional development work required by such agreed-upon change shall be made by SQUARE to ON SEMICONDUCTOR according to the mutually agreed-upon payment schedule and amount set forth in a written amendment to the applicable SOW and within thirty (30) days of the date of the invoice pertaining to such additional work. 
 Article 7 TERM AND TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT 
 7.1. Term . This Agreement shall enter into force on the Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of three (3) years Initial Term and thereafter shall be automatically extended by one-year periods, unless by the end of the original or any extended term hereof, the Agreement is terminated by either Party by giving a nine (9) months written notice of termination to the other Party prior to the end of the Initial Term or the then-applicable renewal term. 
 7.2. SQUARE s Termination for Convenience During Development Phase . SQUARE may terminate this Agreement and any Development Activities hereunder for convenience immediately upon written notice, provided, however, that SQUARE shall remit to ON SEMICONDUCTOR within of such termination such portion of the unpaid balance of the NRE as is sufficient to encompass the work performed by ON SEMICONDUCTOR up to the date of termination, further provided that, upon receipt of SQUARE s notice, ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall immediately cease its Development Activities and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cancel all obligations incurred by it in connection with such Development Activities as soon as reasonably practicable. In no event shall SQUARE s liability to ON SEMICONDUCTOR under this Article 7.2 exceed . 
 7.3. Termination During Development Phase . In the event that ON SEMICONDUCTOR identifies issues that may affect the technical feasibility of the production of the Product or determines that it cannot complete the Development Activities according to the relevant SOW, ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall promptly inform SQUARE thereof, and the Parties shall work in good faith to resolve any issues with respect to the technical feasibility of the production of the Product identified by ON SEMICONDUCTOR. If the parties are unable to resolve such issues within thirty (30) days, either Party may terminate the Agreement upon written notice to the other Party. In such case, SQUARE shall not be required to pay additional NRE to ON SEMICONDUCTOR and ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall not be required to repay any amounts to SQUARE. 
 7.4. Breach . Either Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, or any development activities hereunder for material breach of this Agreement, provided that thirty (30) days notice in writing is given to the defaulting Party and such breach has not been remedied prior to the expiration of such notice period. 
 7.5. Survival of Provisions . The termination or expiration of this Agreement however arising shall be without prejudice to the provisions of Article 8 (Representations and Warranties), Article 9 (Production Product Warranty), Article 10 (Quality, Safety, and Packaging Requirements), Article 11 (Indemnification), Article 12 (Limitation of Liability), Article 13 (Confidentiality), Article 14 (Ownership), and to any other express obligations in this Agreement of a continuing nature and to any right of either Party which may have accrued at or up to the date of termination. 
 4 

Article 8 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 8.1. General Representation . Each Party represents and warrants that (i) it has the right to enter into this Agreement and to grant to the other Party the rights granted hereunder without breaching any other agreements to which it is a party and (ii) it has all of the permits and approvals necessary to perform the activities contemplated under this Agreement in accordance with applicable laws. 
 8.2. Development Warranty . ON SEMICONDUCTOR warrants that its performance of the SOW will be performed by employees, consultants, contractors and agents of ON SEMICONDUCTOR who are skilled in their profession and in accordance with high standards of workmanship in their profession. ON SEMICONDUCTOR warrants that the Product will be developed by ON SEMICONDUCTOR in accordance with the applicable ASIC Specification and will meet the function described therein. 
 8.3. Remedy Development Warranty . SQUARE shall notify ON SEMICONDUCTOR promptly in writing upon discovery of any failure in ON SEMICONDUCTOR s performance as warranted hereunder. ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall comply with the response levels set forth in Exhibit F Warranty Response Times ), and after consultation with SQUARE in good faith, at ON SEMICONDUCTOR s sole option, shall use its best efforts to either repair or replace pre-production Products or repeat the development tasks until resolution of the relevant issues as soon as reasonably practicable. 
 8.4. Future SOW Warranties . The Parties acknowledge that the SQUARE Deliverables under the SOW dated March 25, 2013 are in an industry standard format. In the even that the Parties enter into future SOWs that contemplate SQUARE providing data to ON SEMICONDUCTOR in a format other than an industry standard format, upon request by ON SEMICONDUCTOR, the Parties will negotiate in good faith a mutually acceptable start of project warranty with respect to such SQUARE provided data. 
 Article 9 PRODUCTION PRODUCT WARRANTY 
 9.1. ON SEMICONDUCTOR warrants that its Production Products will, at the time of shipment and for a period of thereafter, be free from defects in material and workmanship and will conform to the ASIC Specification and applicable SOWs approved in writing by SQUARE and ON SEMICONDUCTOR. SQUARE or SQUARE s Authorized Purchaser must advise ON SEMICONDUCTOR in writing of any claims within the warranty period and obtain ON SEMICONDUCTOR s return authorization, and return the Products to a facility or location directed by ON SEMICONDUCTOR. If the Products do not conform to the ASIC Specification, ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall comply with the Warranty Response Times and implement corrective actions and use best efforts to replace the non-conforming Products within 14 days from SQUARE s notice of non-conformance without additional payment by SQUARE or its Authorized Purchaser, and shall reimburse SQUARE or its Authorized Purchaser for any commercially reasonable cost of transporting the non-conforming Products. In no event, however, shall ON SEMICONDUCTOR be responsible for any non-conformance or other defects in the Products resulting from improper handling after delivery, misuse, neglect, improper installation or operation, repair, alteration, accident by SQUARE, any Authorized Purchaser and their respective agents, or for any other cause not attributable to defective workmanship or failure to meet specifications on the part of ON SEMICONDUCTOR. 
 9.2. SOFTWARE PROGRAMS ARE NOT WARRANTED AND ARE PROVIDED ON AN AS IS BASIS ONLY. 
 9.3. THIS WARRANTY EXTENDS TO SQUARE AND ITS AUTHORIZED PURCHASER(S) ONLY AND MAY BE INVOKED ONLY BY SQUARE AND ITS AUTHORIZED PURCHASER(S) FOR THE APPLICABLE CUSTOMER(S). ON SEMICONDUCTOR WILL NOT ACCEPT WARRANTY RETURNS FROM SQUARE S CUSTOMERS OR USERS OF SQUARE S PRODUCTS. THIS WARRANTY DOES NOT APPLY TO DEFECTS ARISING AS A RESULT OF SQUARE S DESIGN. (HOWEVER, FOR CLARITY, IT WILL ACCEPT RETURNS FROM SQUARE AND OR THE AUTHORIZED PURCHASER(S)). 
 9.4. THE FOREGOING WARRANTY CONSTITUTES ON SEMICONDUCTOR S EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY AND THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF SQUARE FOR ANY BREACH OF WARRANTY OR NON-CONFORMITY OF THE PRODUCTS. THIS WARRANTY IS EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES FOR MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WHICH ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. 
 Article 10 QUALITY, SAFETY, AND PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS 
 5 

10.1. Requirements and Qualifications . ON SEMICONDUCTOR will comply, at its cost, with the quality, safety, environmental and regulatory requirements set forth in ON SEMICONDUCTOR S Quality Standards, or in the absence of such requirements, with good commercial practice and applicable law. ON SEMICONDUCTOR will maintain reasonable records sufficient to document its compliance. 
 10.2. All Products shall be packaged in accordance with ON SEMICONDUCTOR S Packing and Labeling Reference Manual, attached as Exhibit E and any successor document acceptable to SQUARE. 
 10.3. Failures and Safety Risks . If ON SEMICONDUCTOR has reason to believe that any ON SEMICONDUCTOR Deliverables or Product provided under this Agreement may fail to comply with the requirements of Section 10.1, ON SEMICONDUCTOR will notify SQUARE immediately, and promptly take action to diagnose and remedy any noncompliance. ON SEMICONDUCTOR will reimburse SQUARE for all reasonable, incremental, actual, and documented related expenses incurred by SQUARE to respond to and address any such non-compliance SQUARE shall proactively make all commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate costs incurred. 
 Article 11 INDEMNIFICATION 
 11.1. ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall defend, indemnify, and hold SQUARE and Authorized Purchasers harmless from and against any claim brought against SQUARE including payment of any resulting damages (including costs and attorneys fees) awarded against SQUARE by a court of competent jurisdiction, insofar as such claim is based on an allegation that any Product(s) (including for clarity Production Products) supplied by ON SEMICONDUCTOR under this Agreement infringes Intellectual Property, provided that SQUARE gives timely written notice to ON SEMICONDUCTOR of any such claim(s) and provides reasonable assistance to ON SEMICONDUCTOR in the defense of such claim at ON SEMICONDUCTOR s cost. SQUARE agrees that, subject to Section 12.2, ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall have sole control of the defense and all related settlement negotiations, provided that (i) ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall keep SQUARE reasonably informed about the status of such defense (including any material deadline) and settlement negotiations, (ii) SQUARE may participate in such defense or settlement negotiations with its own counsel at SQUARE S expense and (iii) ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall not settle or consent to the entry of any judgment that imposes any liability or restriction on SQUARE or Authorized Purchasers without SQUARE s prior written consent. This indemnity does not extend to any claim to the extent based on (a) ON SEMICONDUCTOR s compliance with SQUARE s contributions to the ASIC Specification, (b) the use of SQUARE Background IPR, (c) a modification to the Product(s) by or on behalf of SQUARE not authorized by ON SEMICONDUCTOR, if the alleged infringement would not have occurred but for such modification, or (d) combination of the Product(s) by or on behalf of SQUARE, with other products, technology or software, if the alleged infringement would not have occurred but for such combination, or (e) use of any Product(s) other than as expressly authorized by this Agreement, nor does this indemnity extend to any claim that is part of any third party litigation pending or threatened in writing against SQUARE prior to the Effective Date. 
 In the event that any Product(s) (including for clarity Production Products) are held to infringe or the use of such that the Product(s) is enjoined, or may in both Party s reasonable opinions infringe on any third party Intellectual Property Rights, ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall after consultation with SQUARE, and at ON SEMICONDUCTOR S sole option (a) obtain the right to continue using such Product(s) or (b) modify the Product(s) to make them non-infringing provided that ON SEMICONDUCTOR can do so within the requirements of the applicable ASIC Specification. If neither (a) nor (b) is commercially practical, ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall refund to SQUARE the purchase price received with respect to such affected Product and reimburse SQUARE for all commercially reasonable transportation costs incurred by SQUARE to remove and or replace the affected Products with other products, in which case SQUARE s rights and licenses with respect thereto will terminate and ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall make all commercially reasonable efforts to avoid disrupting the supply of Products from ON SEMICONDUCTOR to SQUARE, provided, however, that SQUARE may terminate the whole Agreement upon written notice to ON SEMICONDUCTOR without liability to either Party. 
 11.2. THIS SECTION STATES EACH PARTY S ENTIRE LIABILITY FOR ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT. 
 11.3. SQUARE shall defend, indemnify, and hold ON SEMICONDUCTOR harmless from and against any claim brought against ON SEMICONDUCTOR including payment of any resulting damages, liabilities and costs (including costs and attorneys fees) awarded against ON SEMICONDUCTOR by a court of competent jurisdiction, insofar as such claim is based on an allegation of infringement of any third party Intellectual Property to the extent relating to (a) the use of SQUARE Background IPR in accordance with this Agreement, (b) ON SEMICONDUCTOR s compliance with SQUARE s contributions to the ASIC Specification, (c) SQUARE s modification to the Products if the alleged infringement would not have occurred but for such modification, (d) SQUARE s combination of the Product with other products, technology or software by SQUARE, if the alleged infringement would not have occurred but for such combination, and or (e) SQUARE s use of any Product(s) other 
 6 

than in accordance with this Agreement, provided however, that ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall notify SQUARE promptly of any such claim(s) and cooperate reasonably in the defense of such claim, and that, subject to Section 12.2, SQUARE shall have sole control of the defense and all related settlement negotiations, provided that (i) SQUARE shall keep ON SEMICONDUCTOR reasonably informed about the status of such defense (including any material deadline) and settlement negotiations, (ii) ON SEMICONDUCTOR may participate in such defense or settlement negotiations with its own counsel at ON SEMICONDUCTOR S expense and (iii) SQUARE shall not settle or consent to the entry of any judgment that imposes any liability or restriction on ON SEMICONDUCTOR without ON SEMICONDUCTOR s prior written consent. 
 Article 12 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
 12.1. Limitations During Development Activities . The Parties expressly agree that, except for damages awarded to third parties and covered under Article 11, and breach of the obligations under Articles 13 and Section 14.5 (first two sentences), each Party s total liability for any kind of loss, damage or liability arising under or in connection with Development Activities under this Agreement, under any theory of liability, shall in no event exceed the NRE actually paid or payable by SQUARE to ON SEMICONDUCTOR under this Agreement. 
 12.2. Limitations During Production Activities . The Parties expressly agree that, except for the indemnification obligations under Articles 11 and breach of Article 13 and Section 14.5 (first two sentences), each Party s total liability for any kind of loss, damage or liability arising under or in connection with Production Activities under this Agreement, shall not exceed . Each Party s total liability with respect to the indemnification obligations under Article 11 and breach of Article 13 and Section 14.5 (first two sentences) shall not exceed . Damages stemming from events with substantially similar root causes are agreed to be aggregated to constitute one singular claim and shall have only one date of occurrence, deemed to occur when the claim first arises. 
 12.3. EXCEPT FOR BREACH OF SECTIONS 13 AND 14.5 (FIRST TWO SENTENCES), IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY, MARKET POTENTIAL, GOODWILL AND OR PROFIT, LOSS OF REPUTATION AND OTHER ECONOMIC LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, THIRD PARTY CLAIMS OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
 12.4. For purposes of this Article 12 only, the Production Activities shall be deemed to commence as of the date of the first purchase order for a Production Product. Until such time, the obligations of the parties shall be deemed to fall within Development Activities. 
 12.5. Notwithstanding any language to the contrary, SQUARE s obligations for payment under Article 5, and Exhibit C Section VI are not subject to any of the limitations in this Article 12. 
 Article 13 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 Notwithstanding the terms of the Confidential Disclosure Agreement, effective between the Parties (the NDA ), each Party will for a period of five (5) years after receipt of the other Party s Confidential Information treat as confidential all Confidential Information of the other Party, will not use the Confidential Information except as expressly set forth herein or otherwise authorized in writing, will implement reasonable procedures to prohibit the disclosure, unauthorized duplication, misuse or removal of the other Party s Confidential Information and will not disclose the Confidential Information to any third party except as may be necessary and required in connection with the rights and obligations of such Party under this Agreement, and subject to confidentiality obligations at least as protective as those set forth herein. Without limiting the foregoing, each of the Parties will use at least the same procedures and degree of care which it uses to prevent the disclosure of its own Confidential Information of like importance to prevent the disclosure of Confidential Information disclosed to it by the other Party under this Agreement, but in no event less than reasonable care. 
 Notwithstanding the above, neither Party will have liability to the other with regard to any Confidential Information of the other which 
 (a) is now available or becomes available to the public without breach of this Agreement 
 (b) is known by the receiving Party at the time of disclosure and is not subject to restriction 
 7 

(c) is independently developed or learned by the receiving Party 
 (d) is lawfully obtained from a third party which has the right to make such disclosure or 
 (e) is released for publication or use by the disclosing Party in writing. 
 It is expressly understood that any drawings, blueprints, descriptions, or other papers, resumes, documents, tapes, or any other media transferred by the disclosing Party hereunder, and all copies, modifications, and derivatives thereof, will remain the property of the disclosing Party, and the receiving Party is authorized to use those materials only in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the period of confidentiality set forth herein, the receiving Party may not knowingly transfer such material or any part of it to any third party. Upon termination and upon written request, the receiving Party will, at the disclosing Party s option, either return all Confidential Information (including Technical Information) to the disclosing Party along with all copies and or derivatives made, including that on computer databases and copies of portions of the Confidential Information, or destroy all such Confidential Information and certify by written memorandum that all such Confidential Information has been destroyed, except that the receiving Party may retain archival copies of the Confidential Information, which are to be used only in case of a dispute concerning this Agreement. 
 Article 14 OWNERSHIP 
 14.1. Ownership . The design, development, or manufacture by ON SEMICONDUCTOR of Product(s) shall not be deemed to produce a work made for hire. All Background Intellectual Property Rights that belong to either Party shall remain with such Party. Subject to the license set forth in Section 14.2.1 and to Section 14.2.2, shall be jointly owned by the Parties . 
 14.2. License to . 
 14.2.1 ON SEMICONDUCTOR hereby grants to SQUARE a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid up license, without the right to sublicense, under . 
 14.2.2 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, ON SEMICONDUCTOR may not use, license or otherwise exploit . 
 14.3. SQUARE Deliverables. 
 Background Intellectual Property Rights in the SQUARE Deliverables and any Square Foreground Intellectual Property Rights to design, make, have made, test, have tested, package, import, distribute and sell Products to SQUARE or SQUARE designees in accordance with performance under this Agreement. 
 14.4. Tooling . ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall retain title to and possession of all tooling of any kind used in the production of the Product hereunder including, but not limited to, pattern generator tapes, reticles and probe cards used in the production of the Product hereunder (such reticles and test fixtures, Licensed Tooling ). To the extent that the Products incorporate, in whole or in part, proprietary standard cells, libraries, macros and or other design data of ON SEMICONDUCTOR, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary (but subject in each case to the licenses granted under this Agreement), ON SEMICONDUCTOR retains exclusive ownership of all such proprietary standard cells, libraries, and macros, and all rights in Mask Works in and to all Products developed under this Agreement. 
 14.5. Mask Works . Subject to SQUARE s payment in full to ON SEMICONDUCTOR of the NRE, ON SEMICONDUCTOR grants to SQUARE a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid up and sublicensable (as needed for third parties to incorporate Product(s) into SQUARE products and commercialize such products) license to exercise all rights in the Mask Works embodied in the Product and in the Licensed Tooling. Such license is sole and exclusive (including as to ON SEMICONDUCTOR) with respect to the Product Topography and Licensed Tooling and non-exclusive with respect to the Mask Works embodied in ON SEMICONDUCTOR s individual proprietary standard cells, libraries, macros and other design data contained in the Product. Furthermore, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the parties agree that . SQUARE shall have the right (at its sole discretion and expense) to pursue infringement actions against third party infringers of rights in the Mask Works licensed to SQUARE hereunder. However, nothing contained herein shall in any way limit ON SEMICONDUCTOR s unrestricted right, at its sole discretion and expense and for its sole benefit, to institute an infringement action against any third party that ON SEMICONDUCTOR determines has infringed any Mask Work rights of ON SEMICONDUCTOR pertaining to ON SEMICONDUCTOR s proprietary standard cells, libraries, macros and or other design data. Except as set forth in this Agreement, ON SEMICONDUCTOR or its licensees or 
 8 

customers shall have the unrestricted right to use existing and or future proprietary standard cells, libraries, macros and or design data of ON SEMICONDUCTOR worldwide to design, make, have made, import, distribute and sell semiconductor products of any nature whatsoever. 
 Article 15 ASSIGNMENT SUBCONTRACTING 
 15.1. Assignment . Except upon prior written consent of the other Party, neither Party may assign any right or obligation it may have under this Agreement except to an affiliate or a successor to all or substantially all of the assets (whether by merger, acquisition or sale) to which this Agreement relates. 
 15.2. Subcontracting . During the performance of the development work by ON SEMICONDUCTOR for SQUARE, ON SEMICONDUCTOR can use the services of its subcontractors and or consultants provided that ON SEMICONDUCTOR remains fully liable for the performance of ON SEMICONDUCTOR and its subcontractors or consultants hereunder. 
 Article 16 SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
 ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall supply Production Products to SQUARE in accordance with the terms set forth in Exhibit C. 
 Article 17 INTEGRATION 
 This Agreement and the Exhibit(s) annexed hereto collectively constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement supersedes and repeals all previous negotiations or understandings between the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof. 
 Article 18 MODIFICATION 
 This Agreement may not be modified, altered, changed or amended in any respect except in a writing signed by the respective authorized representatives of both Parties. 
 Article 19 NOTICE 
 Any notice required to be given hereunder (other than routine transactional communications) shall be in writing and shall be sent by certified mail or courier service (such as FedEx) to the following addresses of the respective Parties (or to such other address as either Party may designate from time to time by written notice to the other Party) 
 To SQUARE At To ON SEMICONDUCTOR At 
 SQUARE, INC. ON SEMICONDUCTOR 
 901 Mission Street 5005 E. McDowell Rd, M S A700 
 San Francisco, CA 94103 Phoenix, AZ 85008 
 Attn. General Counsel Attn. Chief IP Counsel 
 Article 20 RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES 
 Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create a partnership or any agency relationship between ON SEMICONDUCTOR and SQUARE. ON SEMICONDUCTOR and SQUARE are independent companies. No Party shall be entitled to act on behalf of and or to bind the other Party. 
 Article 21 SEVERANCE 
 If any provision or part of any provision of this Agreement or the Exhibits hereto is invalidated by operation of law or otherwise, that provision or part will, to that extent, be deemed omitted and the remainder of the Agreement or applicable Exhibit will remain in full force and effect. In the place of any such invalid provision or part thereof, the Parties undertake to agree on a similar but valid provision the effect of which is as close as possible to that of the invalid provision or part thereof. 
 Article 22 ENGLISH LANGUAGE AND CURRENCY 
 9 

All communications, data, documentation and disclosures of information by the Parties under this Agreement will be in English and the English language will be the governing language in the performance of this Agreement. All prices set forth herein are in United States dollars, and all payments and computations shall be in United States dollars (or such other currency to which ON SEMICONDUCTOR, in its sole discretion, may expressly agree in writing). 
 Article 23 WAIVER 
 The failure of a Party to enforce at any time any of the provisions of this Agreement, or the failure to require at any time performance by any other Party of any of the provisions of this Agreement, shall in no way be construed to be a present or future waiver of such provisions, nor in any way affect the validity thereof or a Party s right to enforce each and every such provision thereafter. The express waiver by a Party of any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of any future obligation to comply with such provision, condition or requirement. 
 Article 24 UNITED STATES EXPORT CONTROLS 
 In order to facilitate the exchange of information in accordance with this Agreement and in conformity with the laws and regulations of the United States relating to the exportation of technical data, the Parties agree to comply fully with all relevant laws and regulations of the United States Government. Both Parties hereby certify that no technical data or direct products thereof will be made available or exported or re-exported, directly or indirectly, to anyone unless such prior authorization as may be required is first obtained by such Party from the Office of Export Administration of the U.S. Department of Commerce, International Trade Administration, in accordance with the Export Administration Regulations issued by the Department of Commerce of the United States in the administration of the Export Administration Act of 1979, as amended from time to time. 
 Article 25 FORCE MAJEURE 
 Neither Party will be liable for not performing any of its obligations hereunder to the extent such non-performance results from Force Majeure. Such non-performance will be excused for as long as such Force Majeure shall be continuing provided that the non-performing party gives immediate written notice to the other party of the Force Majeure. Such non-performing party shall exercise all reasonable efforts to eliminate the Force Majeure and to resume performance of its affected obligations as soon as practicable. The expression Force Majeure shall mean acts of God, (civil) war, insurrections, fires, floods, epidemics, freight embargoes, material shortage or labor conditions, or similar events beyond reasonable control. Force Majeure affecting a Party s contractors suppliers shall not be considered to be Force Majeure affecting said Party. 
 Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of any delay caused by Force Majeure. If the non-performing party is unable to resume performance within thirty (30) days after the delivery of the said written notice, the other party may terminate this Agreement without any liability. 
 Article 26 GOVERNING LAW 
 26.1. Choice of Law . This Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of New York, without reference to its conflict of law principles. The United Nations Convention in the International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby. 
 26.2. Dispute Resolution . Any dispute concerning the validity, interpretation and or performance of this Agreement shall first be discussed in good faith between the Parties in order to try to find an amicable solution. 
 Article 27 PRODUCT USE RESTRICTION 
 ON SEMICONDUCTOR S PRODUCTS ARE NOT DESIGNED, INTENDED OR AUTHORIZED FOR USE AS CRITICAL COMPONENTS IN LIFE SUPPORT DEVICES OR SYSTEMS WITHOUT THE EXPRESS WRITTEN APPROVAL OF THE ON SEMICONDUCTOR. SQUARE agrees to indemnify and hold ON SEMICONDUCTOR, its officers, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, and distributors, harmless against all claims, costs, damages and expenses, and reasonable attorney s fees arising out of, directly or indirectly, any claims of personal injury or death associated with such unauthorized use, even if such claim alleges that ON SEMICONDUCTOR was negligent regarding the design or manufacture of the part. 
 10 

As used herein (1) Life support devices or systems are devices or systems which, (a) are intended for surgical implant into the body, or (b) support or sustain life, and whose failure to perform when used properly, and in accordance with ON SEMICONDUCTOR s applicable instructions or labeling, could reasonably be expected to result in injury or death to a user of a Life support device or system. (2) A critical component is any component of a life support device or system whose failure to perform can be reasonably expected to cause the failure of the life support device or system, or to affect its safety or effectiveness. 
 Article 28 EXHIBITS 
 The following Exhibits are attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference 
 Exhibit A ASIC Specification 
 Exhibit B Statement of Work 
 Exhibit C Production Product Supply Agreement Terms 
 Exhibit D Letter of Authorization for SQUARE Authorized Purchaser 
 Exhibit E ON SEMICONDUCTOR S Packaging and Labeling Reference Manual 
 Exhibit F Warranty Response Times 
 Exhibit G Specified Technology 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representative as of the date below. 
 
 For SQUARE, Inc. For Semiconductor Components Industries, LLC By s Sarah Friar 
 Signature 
 By s Ruth Franklin 
 Signature 
 Name Sarah Friar 
 Name Ruth Franklin 
 Title CFO Interim COO 
 Title Corporate Contracts Counsel 
 Date 4 2 2013 
 Date 4 5 12 
 For ON Semiconductor Trading, Ltd. By s Anne-Marie Hebert 
 Signature 
 Name Anne-Marie Hebert 
 Title General Manager, VP 
 Date April 9, 2013 

11 

Exhibit A ASIC Specification 
 ON Semiconductor Product Specification 
 Device # 21427-900 
 ON Semiconductor undertakes to meet the following Product Specification. Any parameters or features which are not specified explicitly herein cannot be designed for and therefore cannot be warranted. Remedies for the failure of this device to comply with this Product Specification are set forth in other documents. 
 This Specification describes the behaviour of the circuit to be developed by ON Semiconductor. It is the customer s responsibility to check it carefully to make sure that it meets the application requirements. 
 The parties agree to the terms of this Product Specification and agree it supersedes and cancels any and all previous agreements, written or oral, between the parties relating to the technical requirements the device must meet and expresses the complete and final understanding of the parties with respect thereto. This Specification must be signed by both parties at the exit of the Product Definition phase and at Product Release (Limited Transfer to Qualification or Limited Transfer to Production). 
 AGREED TO BY 
 
 ON APPROVAL CUSTOMER APPROVAL Product Development Design Engineer or Buyer Technical Lead Jerry Monsen Kartik Lamba Signature Signature Date Date Business Unit Customer Name Square Program Manager Pat Sedlymayer Division Signature Date Project Name Address Square M1 Phone 
 Fax 
 Specification Version Number Customer Document Number 1.12 E-ICS-0076 
 PAGES 2-50 OF EXHIBIT A HAVE BEEN REDACTED 
 
 12 

Exhibit B Statement of Work 
 This Statement of Work SOW is dated March 25, 2013 and incorporates by reference the terms of the ASIC Development and Supply Agreement, entered into by and between ON SEMICONDUCTOR, ON Semiconductor Trading, Ltd. and SQUARE, dated as of March 25, 2013 Agreement ). Any capitalized term used in this SOW but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Agreement. 
 I. ASIC SPECIFICATION See Exhibit A. 
 II. DEVELOPMENT PHASE As of the Effective Date, all development tasks in tables A and B below through Post-Layout Chip Simulations (MS) have been completed. 
 A. DEFINITION PHASE 
 Development Task Square Inc. ON Schedule (Critical Path) 
 B. 
 Development Task Square Inc. ON Schedule (Critical Path) 
 
 13 

Samples 
 
 C. 
 Development Task Square Inc. ON Schedule (Critical Path) 
 III. KEY MEMBERS - 
 IV. BASIC TERMs 
 14 

Milestone Sign-Off The signoff of the development milestones in this SOW by an authorized representative of SQUARE shall confirm acknowledgment by SQUARE of successful completion of those respective milestones. 
 Engineering Samples ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall use all commercially and technically reasonable efforts to develop, manufacture, package, test and ship to SQUARE, for SQUARE s examination and testing, Engineering Samples according to the milestone schedule in this SOW. SQUARE shall advise ON SEMICONDUCTOR in writing of SQUARE s approval or rejection of such Engineering Samples in accordance with the Agreement and this SOW. Any written notice of rejection shall state with particularity the basis for SQUARE s rejection of the Engineering Samples. ON SEMICONDUCTOR is obligated to repeat the Engineering Sample process set forth herein, at ON SEMICONDUCTOR s expense, in the event that Product does not meet agreed specifications, or ON SEMICONDUCTOR misprocesses the Engineering Samples or the applicable requirements in Article 8 in the attached Agreement are not satisfied. ON SEMICONDUCTOR will use all commercially and technically reasonable efforts to repeat the Engineering Sample process within a period of time agreed by both Parties after SQUARE notifies ON SEMIOCONDCUTOR of its desire for the Engineering Sample process to be repeated. 
 Production Prototypes Upon completion of development activities and SQUARE s acceptance of the Engineering Samples, ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall deliver Production Prototypes to SQUARE. SQUARE shall advise ON SEMICONDUCTOR in writing of SQUARE s approval or rejection of Production Prototypes in accordance with the milestone schedule in this SOW. Rejection may only be for the failure of the Production Prototypes to comply with the applicable requirements in Article 8 in the attached Agreement. Any written notice of rejection shall state with particularity the basis for SQUARE s rejection of the Production Prototypes. In the event that the Production Prototype does not operate properly per the ASIC Specification, SQUARE shall have the right to require ON SEMICONDUCTOR to repeat the Production Prototype process. The Parties will mutually agree on the changes necessary to redesign the Product so it conforms with applicable requirements. ON SEMICONDUCTOR will repeat the Production Prototype process set forth herein, at ON SEMICONDUCTOR expense, in the event that the prototypes do not meet the requirements herein. ON SEMICONDUCTOR will use all commercially and technically reasonable efforts to repeat the Production Prototype process within a period of time mutually agreed by both Parties after SQUARE notifies ON SEMICONDUCTOR of its desire for the Production Prototype process to be repeated. 
 Additional Engineering Samples . SQUARE may request additional Engineering Samples from the first shuttle run. If additional Engineering Samples are available, ON SEMICONDUCTOR will provide up to at no additional cost to SQUARE. If additional Engineering Samples are not available from the first shuttle run, a second shuttle run will be required at a cost of to SQUARE. The quantity of Engineering Samples provided to SQUARE will be units but shall not exceed . SQUARE shall not have any right to return such additional Engineering Samples to ON SEMICONDUCTOR. 
 Additional Production Prototypes . At SQUARE s request, up to additional Production Prototypes may be purchased by SQUARE from ON SEMICONDUCTOR at a price of . These additional Production Prototypes shall be delivered in accordance with the milestone schedule mutually agreed by both Parties. Orders for additional Production Prototypes must be received by ON SEMICONDUCTOR before reticle generation. SQUARE shall not have any right to return such additional Production Prototypes to ON SEMICONDUCTOR. SQUARE shall not have any right to require ON SEMICONDUCTOR to provide any replacement additional Production Prototypes, unless the additional Production Prototypes delivered by ON SEMICONDUCTOR to SQUARE do not satisfy the ASIC Specification or the requirements of Article 8 in the attached Agreement. 
 V. NRE PAYMENT SCHEDULE 
 SQUARE shall pay the NRE to ON SEMICONDUCTOR in the total amount of in accordance with the following schedule and within days of issuance of ON SEMICONDUCTOR s invoice applicable to the scheduled event 
 
 15 

Development Activity NRE Charge 
 2. NRE Charges Payment Schedule 
 
 Milestone NRE Charge 
 Previously invoiced and paid. 
 
 16 

Exhibit C Production Product Supply Agreement Terms 
 I. Pricing 
 Contract Year Volume Price (US 
 Note Pricing changes may occur by mutual written agreement. The Production Product pricing in this Exhibit is based on the annual volumes in the table above and a minimum purchase order quantity of , provided that SQUARE may specify under a purchase order multiple delivery dates (no more than three months apart) of not less than per shippable line (based upon applicable reel size). If actual annual volumes fall below , the Parties will mutually agree in writing to pricing changes for annual volumes below . 
 II. Supply 
 A. Supply . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, following the Product Release Date, ON SEMICONDUCTOR will manufacture Production Products in accordance with the ASIC Specification and any applicable SOWs approved in writing by SQUARE and supply SQUARE or an Authorized Purchaser with such Production Products, and SQUARE or an Authorized Purchaser will purchase Production Products ordered pursuant to purchase orders placed from time to time. 
 B. Procurement . ON SEMICONDUCTOR will manage all material procurement and production planning, including, without limitation, support of procurement for development builds, and will be responsible for placing purchase orders for SQUARE approved third-party components in a timely manner. 
 III. Ordering 
 A. Submission of Purchase Orders . SQUARE or an Authorized Purchaser may order Production Products by submitting purchase orders to ON SEMICONDUCTOR in writing or through electronic transmission. Such purchase order shall serve as authorization to ON SEMICONDUCTOR to procure materials, manufacture Production Product and deliver Production Product. 
 B. Acceptance of Purchase Orders . Unless otherwise specified under an applicable SOW, ON SEMICONDUCTOR will accept all purchase orders submitted by SQUARE or an Authorized Purchaser that are both covered by a Forecast (as defined in this Exhibit) confirmed by ON SEMICONDUCTOR and conform with the terms of the Agreement and this Exhibit. ON SEMICONDUCTOR may only reject a purchase order for Production Products if the number of Production Products ordered exceeds the number forecasted in a then current Forecast, or if the purchase order does not conform with the terms of the Agreement and this Exhibit. If SQUARE S purchase order provides for a delivery date that is shorter than the Lead Time, within three (3) business days of receipt of such purchase order, ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall notify SQUARE in writing if it cannot meet such delivery date and propose a new delivery date. Within three (3) business days of receipt of such notice, SQUARE will respond in writing by accepting such new delivery date or canceling the purchase order without liability. If SQUARE fails to respond in writing within such time period, the purchase order will be deemed accepted. 
 C. No Conflicting Terms . Any terms and conditions contained in ON SEMICONDUCTOR S purchase order acknowledgments that are inconsistent with or in addition to the terms and conditions of the Agreement or purchase orders are hereby rejected by SQUARE and will be deemed null and of no effect. 
 D. Supply Constraint . If ON SEMICONDUCTOR S ability to supply Production Products in accordance with the then-current Forecast is constrained for any reason, ON SEMICONDUCTOR agrees that ON SEMICONDUCTOR will (i) allocate the constrained material or resource so that ON SEMICONDUCTOR is able to fulfill SQUARE s purchase orders on at least an equitable basis, and (ii) immediately escalate the issue to both Parties management for the purpose of resolving the supply constraint. 
 17 

E. Rescheduling and Cancellation . 
 Re-scheduling policy 
 1. Deliveries schedules in (the Lead Time may be rescheduled once to a later date without liability, provided, however, that if SQUARE has approved in writing a written request by ON SEMICONDUCTOR to order Raw Materials and start work prior to the Lead time, such later date may not be later than from the original schedule delivery date. 
 2. Deliveries rescheduled within the current Quarter can be rescheduled to a later date but no later than the end of the current quarter. No reschedules within of the delivery date. 
 3. ON SEMICONDUCTOR will use all commercially reasonable efforts to support SQUARE s requests for advanced deliveries. Specific arrangements will be made on a case by case basis. 
 Cancellation policy 
 1. Orders scheduled for delivery in excess of the Lead Time may be cancelled without liability. 
 2. Orders cancelled within the Lead Time will be charged fees based on the following factors, WIP plus Raw Materials 
 a) Location of the Work In Progress (WIP), meaning any material started to cover the stock, at the time of receiving the written cancellation request. 
 b) Device specific Raw Materials procured by ON SEMICONDUCTOR for the specific purpose of manufacturing the device being cancelled 
 3. WIP cancellation charges 
 a) 
 b) 
 c) 
 d) 
 Note Quarters are calendar quarters determined as follows 
 Quarter 1 calendar week 1 through 13 
 Quarter 2 calendar week 14 through 26 
 Quarter 3 calendar week 27 through 39 
 Quarter 4 calendar week 40 through 52. 
 IV. Forecasts 
 A. Rolling Forecast . SQUARE or its Authorized Purchasers will provide ON SEMICONDUCTOR on a monthly basis with a rolling forecast, and on a weekly basis with a week forecast, of its anticipated orders for each Production Product (each, a Forecast ). SQUARE and ON SEMICONDUCTOR acknowledge and agree that (a) each such Forecast is a good faith estimate of SQUARE s anticipated orders for Production Products based on information then available to SQUARE and that SQUARE is providing such Forecasts only as an accommodation to ON SEMICONDUCTOR and (b) Forecasts do not constitute a binding order or commitment of any kind by Square to purchase Production Products. Within of receipt of a Forecast, ON SEMICONDUCTOR will respond confirming supply of the Production Products available to meet the Forecast. ON SEMICONDUCTOR agrees to confirm subsequent Forecasts with respect to each week of the Forecast to the extent that (i) the subsequent Forecast does not exceed the previous Forecast for the same week or (ii) if no previous Forecast exists for a week, the quantity for such week is not materially greater than the last week of the previous Forecast. If ON SEMICONDUCTOR does not respond with confirmation of supply of the Production Products within , the Forecast is deemed accepted by ON SEMICONDUCTOR. 
 18 

B. Buffer Stock. 
 1. ON SEMICONDUCTOR requires the placement of a non-cancellable blanket purchase order from SQUARE to cover a mutually agreed upon quantity of finished product Buffer Stock of Production Product for device stocking at the unit price set forth in this Exhibit. ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall establish the Buffer Stock within the Lead Time following receipt of the blanket purchase order based on current lead-time. ON SEMICONDCUTOR will manage this Buffer Stock inventory in a finished goods stockroom designated by ON SEMICONDUCTOR. The stocking level of finished Products will be reviewed by the Parties . 
 2. SQUARE will be liable for this Buffer Stock inventory and any work in progress (WIP) to support this inventory. For freshness and quality purposes, SQUARE is required to purchase Production Product in an amount equivalent to the number of stocked finished Products at least every (at SQUARE S option, either substituting such Buffer Stock inventory for, or adding such Buffer Stock inventory to, units of Production Product in the Forecast). In the event SQUARE does not take delivery of an amount equivalent to the finished Buffer Stock quantity within , ON reserves the right to cancel this Buffer Stock program and ship all finished Buffer Stock to SQUARE. In that event, SQUARE will be invoiced against the blanket purchase order for finished Buffer Stock and any WIP will be billed according to the cancellation schedule contained in this Exhibit. 
 3. To minimize the potential for the complete depletion of the Buffer Stock quantity, SQUARE will be required to keep a mutually agreed upon number of weeks of Production Product backlog in Buffer Stock at any given time with ON SEMICONDUCTOR. 
 4. If the quantity of Buffer Stock is depleted to less than the agreed upon amount, ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall restore the Buffer Stock within a reasonable time-frame which in no event shall be less than the Lead Time. 
 5. All Buffer Stock purchase orders canceled within the Lead Time window will be assessed a cancellation charge according to the cancellation schedule contained in this Exhibit. 
 6. This Buffer Stock program may be terminated by either Party with prior written notice to the other Party. In the event of termination of the Buffer Stock program or the Agreement, SQUARE will be invoiced against the blanket purchase order for any Buffer Stock finished Production Product and any WIP. With respect to WIP, SQUARE shall promptly notify ON SEMICONDUCTOR whether to finish manufacturing or whether SQUARE wishes to pay the applicable cancellation charges as described within this Exhibit. Failure of SQUARE to specify its election of notice of termination shall result . 
 V. Delivery 
 A. Shipping Requirements . Unless otherwise expressly specified in a purchase order by SQUARE or an Authorized Purchaser, ON SEMICONDUCTOR will ensure that the Production Products are packaged, marked in a manner that is (a) in accordance with ON SEMICONDUCTOR S Packaging and Labeling Reference Manual attached as Exhibit E Each shipment will be accompanied by a packing slip that sets forth the part numbers and quantities and the applicable purchase order number(s). 
 B. Shipping Terms . ON SEMICONDUCTOR will ship the Production Products FCA (Incoterms 2010). Risk of loss transfers at placement with SQUARE s carrier at the applicable ON SEMICONDUCTOR hub global distribution center ON GDC designated by SQUARE. 
 ON SEMICONDUCTOR will be responsible for arranging all necessary transportation, packaging, insurance, and customs clearance and export documentation, as applicable, and for pre-payment of all costs and charges related thereto (collectively, Shipping Costs ). ON SEMICONDUCTOR will bear all risk of loss or damage to the Production Products and will retain title to the Production Products until the Production Products are delivered to the ON GDC designated in the applicable purchase order. 
 C. Acceptance . SQUARE or an Authorized Purchaser will have a period of following delivery of the Production Products to notify ON SEMICONDUCTOR of any discrepancies in the shipment quantity. SQUARE or an Authorized Purchaser will have a period of following delivery of the Production Products to test and inspect the Production Products and to notify ON SEMICONDUCTOR of (a) any nonconformities of the Production Product with the applicable ASIC Specification or (b) any defects in material or workmanship. 
 19 

SQUARE or an Authorized Purchaser will notify ON SEMICONDUCTOR in writing of its acceptance or rejection of any portion of any delivery of the Production Products prior to the expiration of such period. 
 D. Delay in Shipment . ON SEMICONDUCTOR will promptly notify SQUARE and its Authorized Purchaser in writing (including electronically) of any anticipated delay in excess of in meeting the delivery dates specified in the accepted purchase order (or, if not set forth in the accepted purchase order, such other delivery date as may be mutually agreed to between the parties) stating the reasons for the delay, and, where requested by SQUARE or the Authorized Purchaser, use priority freight shipping at ON SEMICONDUCTOR s sole cost. 
 E. Product Returns . If SQUARE or an Authorized Purchaser rejects a delivery of Production Products pursuant to this Exhibit or if SQUARE or an Authorized Purchaser desires to return a Production Product to ON SEMICONDUCTOR pursuant to the warranty provisions of the Agreement, then SQUARE or an Authorized Purchaser will, in each instance, first obtain a Return Material Authorization RMA number from ON SEMICONDUCTOR and will use reasonable efforts to return such Production Products to ON SEMICONDUCTOR in accordance with ON SEMICONDUCTOR s RMA procedure. ON SEMICONDUCTOR will be responsible for and will pay all Shipping Costs incurred by SQUARE in connection with shipping such Production Products to ON SEMICONDUCTOR and as well as for any Shipping Costs for shipping replacement Production Products to SQUARE or an Authorized Purchaser. 
 VI. Invoicing and Payment Terms 
 A. Invoicing . For all Production Product delivered under the Agreement, ON SEMICONDUCTOR will issue an invoice to SQUARE or the Authorized Purchaser on the date that ON SEMICONDUCTOR ships the Production Products to SQUARE or the Authorized Purchaser and, unless SQUARE or the Authorized Purchaser rejects a shipment of the Production Products (or a portion of a shipment) in accordance with the provisions of this Exhibit or otherwise disputes an invoice, SQUARE or the Authorized Purchaser will pay such undisputed amounts within of invoice date. 
 B. Invoice Disputes . ON SEMICONDUCTOR must provide supporting documentation to SQUARE for any disputed invoice within after receiving any such notice. If a correction is warranted, SQUARE will pay the corrected amount within the corrected invoice date, or if the correction is reflected on the next regular invoice, within after the date of that invoice. While the Parties work to resolve good-faith disputes under this section, neither party will be deemed to be in breach of the Agreement. 
 C. Quality . ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall manufacture Production Products at an outgoing quality level of or better, and at an annualized failure rate of less than shall also work toward through continuous process improvement. 
 D. Taxes . SQUARE or the Authorized Purchaser will pay all taxes and duties that are assessed by any national, federal, state or local governmental authority on SQUARE s or the Authorized Purchaser s purchase of the Production Products, including, without limitation, sales, use, excise, and value-added, but excluding any taxes based on ON SEMICONDUCTOR s income or gross receipts (collectively, Taxes ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, SQUARE or the Authorized Purchaser will have no obligation to pay any such Taxes to the extent SQUARE or the Authorized Purchaser timely provides ON SEMICONDUCTOR with a valid tax exemption resale certificate or other similar document. 
 
 20 

EXHIBIT D 
 Letter of Authorization SQUARE s Authorized Purchasers Authorization Letter Template 
 DATE 
 SQUARE s Authorized Purchaser 
 ADDRESS 
 Re Letter of Authorization LOA 
 To Whom It May Concern 
 This Letter of Authorization is issued by SQUARE, INC. SQUARE in connection with the ASIC Development Agreement entered into between SQUARE and ON SEMICONDUCTOR as of DATE (the Agreement to authorize SQUARE Authorized Purchaser under the Agreement as of DATE (the Effective Date ). 
 SQUARE, SQUARE s Authorized Purchaser and ON SEMICONDUCTOR hereby agree 
 1. Authorization . SQUARE authorizes SQUARE s Authorized Purchaser to purchase Products from ON SEMICONDUCTOR and gives ON SEMICONDUCTOR the right to sell Products to SQUARE s Authorized Purchaser under the Agreement until this Letter of Authorization is terminated in accordance with Paragraph 3 below. 
 2. Exclusivity . SQUARE s Authorized Purchaser agrees that Products purchased from ON SEMICONDUCTOR or its affiliates under the LOA will only be used in SQUARE s products. 
 3. Termination . This LOA will automatically terminate, without further notice or action by any party hereto upon the earlier of (i) the termination or expiration of the Agreement (ii) if SQUARE terminates either or both of the authorizations in Paragraph 2 above upon written notice to SQUARE s Authorized Purchaser and ON SEMICONDUCTOR. In the event that this LOA is terminated, the provisions of Paragraph 2 will survive. 
 4. Counterparts . This Letter of Authorization may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but which collectively will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this LOA to be duly signed by its authorized representatives as of the Effective Date. 
 Acknowledged and agreed 
 SQUARE, INC. SQUARE s Authorized Purchaser By By Name Name Title Title Date Date 
 
 21 

Exhibit E 
 ON SEMICONDUCTOR PACKAGING AND LABELING REFERENCE MANUAL 
 22 

23 

24 

25 

26 

27 

28 

29 

30 

31 

32 

Exhibit F Warranty Response Times 
 Acknowledgement in 
 Preliminary response in 
 Confirmation of failure in 
 
 33 

Exhibit G Specified Technology 
 Specified Technology consists of the following 3 items 
 1. 
 2. 
 3. 
 For purposes of clarity, ON SEMICONDUCTOR shall own all ON SEMICONDUCTOR Foreground Intellectual Property rights in ON SEMICONDUCTOR S implementation of the in the Product . The foregoing ON SEMICONDUCTOR Foreground Intellectual Property rights in the shall be excluded from the license set forth in Section 14.2.1 of the Agreement and the restriction set forth in Section 14.2.2 of the Agreement. 
 34 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 exhibit211blockinc2023.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES OF BLOCK, INC. 

Subsidiary name Jurisdiction of incorporation Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd Australia Afterpay Corporate Services Pty Ltd Australia Afterpay Holdings Pty Ltd Australia Afterpay Pty Ltd Australia Afterpay US, Inc. Delaware, U.S. Aspiro AB Sweden Clearpay Finance Limited United Kingdom Lanai (AU) 1 Pty Ltd Australia Lanai (US) 1, LLC Delaware, U.S. Lanai (US) 2, LLC Delaware, U.S. Project Rising, LLC Delaware, U.S. Square Financial Services, Inc. Utah, U.S. Square Technologies, Inc. Canada TIDAL Music AS Norway 

Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K, the names of other subsidiaries of Block, Inc. are omitted because, considered in the aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by this report. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 exhibit231blockinc2023.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Nos. 333-269967, 333-263001, 333-253410, 333-236661, 333-229919, 333-223271, 333-216249, 333-210087, and 333-208098) on Form S-8 of Block, Inc. of our reports dated February 22, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Block, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Block, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Block, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 San Francisco, California 
 February 22, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 exhibit311blockinc2023.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jack Dorsey, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Block, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2024 
 By s Jack Dorsey 
 Jack Dorsey 
 Block Head and Chairperson (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 exhibit312blockinc2023.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Amrita Ahuja, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Block, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2024 
 By s Amrita Ahuja 
 Amrita Ahuja 
 Chief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 exhibit321blockinc2023.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jack Dorsey, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Block, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Block, Inc. 
 
 Date February 22, 2024 
 
 By s Jack Dorsey 
 Jack Dorsey 
 Block Head and Chairperson 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

I, Amrita Ahuja, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Block, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Block, Inc. 
 
 Date February 22, 2024 
 
 By s Amrita Ahuja 
 Amrita Ahuja 
 Chief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-97.1>
 12
 exhibit971blockinc2023.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 

Exhibit 97.1 
 FINANCIAL RESTATEMENT CLAWBACK POLICY 
 (Adopted on October 26, 2023) 
 
 The board of directors (the Board of Block, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), has adopted this Financial Restatement Clawback Policy (this Policy to recover certain executive compensation in the event of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under U.S. federal securities laws. This Policy is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act (as defined below) and Section 303A.14 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual (the Listing Rule ). This Policy supersedes the Clawback Policy adopted by the Board on April 20, 2017. 
 
 I. Definitions 
 
 For the purposes of this Policy, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below. 
 (a) Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board or any successor committee thereof. 
 (b) Covered Compensation means any Incentive-based Compensation received by a Covered Executive during the applicable Recoupment Period provided that 
 (i) such Incentive-based Compensation was received by such Covered Executive (A) on or after the Effective Date, (B) after they commenced service as an Section 16 Officer and (C) while the Company had a class of securities publicly listed on a United States national securities exchange and 
 (ii) such Covered Executive served as an Section 16 Officer at any time during the performance period applicable to such Incentive-based Compensation. 
 For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-based Compensation is received by a Covered Executive during the fiscal period in which the Financial Reporting Measure applicable to such Incentive-based Compensation (or portion thereof) is attained, even if the payment or grant of such Incentive-based Compensation is made thereafter. 
 
 (c) Covered Executive means any current or former Section 16 Officer. 
 
 (d) Effective Date is October 2, 2023. 
 
 (e) Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (f) Section 16 Officer means an officer as defined under Rule 16a-1(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (g) Financial Reporting Measure means any (i) measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, (ii) stock price measure or (iii) total shareholder return measure (and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from any measure referenced in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above). For the avoidance of doubt, any such measure does not need to be presented within the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to constitute a Financial Reporting Measure. 
 
 (h) Financial Restatement means a restatement of the Company s financial statements due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under U.S. federal securities laws that is required in order to correct 
 
 (i) an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements or 
 
 (ii) an error that would result in a material misstatement if the error were (A) corrected in the current period or (B) left uncorrected in the current period. 
 
 For purposes of this Policy, a Financial Restatement shall not be deemed to occur in the event of a revision of the Company s financial statements due to an out-of-period adjustment (i.e., when the error is immaterial to the previously issued financial statements and the correction of the error is also immaterial to the current period) or a retrospective (1) application of a change in accounting principles (2) revision to reportable segment information due to a change in the structure of the Company s internal organization (3) reclassification due to a discontinued operation (4) application of a change in reporting entity, such as from a reorganization of entities under common control or (5) revision for stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends or other changes in capital structure. 
 
 1 

(i) Incentive-based Compensation means any compensation (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any cash or equity or equity-based compensation, whether deferred or current) that is granted, earned and or vested based wholly or in part upon the achievement of a Financial Reporting Measure. For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-based Compensation shall also be deemed to include any amounts which were determined based on (or were otherwise calculated by reference to) Incentive-based Compensation (including, without limitation, any amounts under any long-term disability, life insurance or supplemental retirement or severance plan or agreement or any notional account that is based on Incentive-based Compensation, as well as any earnings accrued thereon). 
 
 (j) NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange, or any successor thereof. 
 
 (k) Recoupment Period means the three fiscal years completed immediately preceding the date of any applicable Recoupment Trigger Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Recoupment Period additionally includes any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years, provided that a transition period between the last day of the Company s previous fiscal year end and the first day of its new fiscal year that comprises a period of nine (9) to twelve (12) months would be deemed a completed fiscal year. 
 
 (l) Recoupment Trigger Date means the earlier of (i) the date that the Board (or a committee thereof or the officer(s) of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required) concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare a Financial Restatement, and (ii) the date on which a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Financial Restatement. 
 
 II. Compensation Subject to Recovery Manner of Repayment 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Company s 2009 Stock Plan, as amended, the Company s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, or the Company s Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (or any other Company cash-based or equity-based incentive plan applicable to the Section 16 Officer, together the Plans or any other plan, program, agreement or arrangement entered into with, or covering, any Covered Executive 
 
 (a) In the event of a Financial Restatement, if the amount of any Covered Compensation received by a Covered Executive (the Awarded Compensation exceeds the amount of such Covered Compensation that would have otherwise been received by such Covered Executive if calculated based on the Financial Restatement (the Adjusted Compensation ), the Company shall reasonably promptly recover from such Covered Executive an amount equal to the excess of the Awarded Compensation over the Adjusted Compensation, each calculated on a pre-tax basis (such excess amount, the Recoverable Compensation ). 
 
 (b) If (i) the Financial Reporting Measure applicable to the relevant Covered Compensation is stock price or total shareholder return (or any measure derived wholly or in part from either of such measures) and (ii) the amount of Recoverable Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the Financial Restatement, then the amount of Recoverable Compensation shall be determined (on a pre-tax basis) based on the Company s reasonable estimate of the effect of the Financial Restatement on the Company s stock price or total shareholder return (or the derivative measure thereof) upon which such Covered Compensation was received. 
 
 (c) For the avoidance of doubt, the Company s obligation to recover Recoverable Compensation is not dependent on (i) if or when the restated financial statements are filed or (ii) any fault of any Covered Executive for the accounting errors or other actions leading to a Financial Restatement. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections II(a) through (c) hereof, the Company shall not be required to recover any Recoverable Compensation if both (x) the conditions set forth in either of the following clauses (i) or (ii) are satisfied and (y) the Committee has determined that recovery of the Recoverable Compensation would be impracticable 
 
 (i) the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing the recovery of the Recoverable Compensation under this Policy would exceed the amount of such Recoverable Compensation to be recovered provided that, before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Recoverable Compensation pursuant to this Section 2(d), the Company shall have first made a reasonable attempt to recover such Recoverable Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to make such recovery and provide that documentation to the NYSE or 
 
 (ii) recovery of the Recoverable Compensation would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of Sections 401(a)(13) or 411(a) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 
 (e) The Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executive, directly or indirectly, for any losses that such Covered Executive may incur in connection with the recovery of Recoverable Compensation pursuant to this Policy, including through the payment of insurance premiums or gross-up payments. 

2 

(f) The Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion, the manner and timing in which any Recoverable Compensation shall be recovered from a Covered Executive in accordance with applicable law, including, without limitation, by (i) requiring reimbursement of Covered Compensation previously paid in cash (ii) seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer or other disposition of any equity or equity-based awards (iii) offsetting the Recoverable Compensation amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company or any of its affiliates to the Covered Executive (iv) cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity or equity-based awards and or (v) taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, except as set forth in Section 2(d), in no event may the Company accept an amount that is less than the amount of Recoverable Compensation provided that, to the extent necessary to avoid any adverse tax consequences to the Covered Executive pursuant to Section 409A of the Code, any offsets against amounts under any nonqualified deferred compensation plans (as defined under Section 409A of the Code) shall be made in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 III. Committee Authority 
 
 The Committee has full authority and discretion to administer, interpret and make determinations under this Policy. All decisions of the Committee shall be final, conclusive and binding upon the Company and the Covered Executives, their beneficiaries, executors, administrators and any other legal representative. The Committee shall have full power and authority to (i) administer and interpret this Policy (ii) correct any defect, supply any omission and reconcile any inconsistency in this Policy and (iii) make any other determination and take any other action that the Committee deems necessary or desirable for the administration of this Policy and to comply with applicable law (including Section 10D of the Exchange Act) and applicable stock market or exchange rules and regulations. 
 
 IV. Amendment Termination 
 Subject to Section 10D of the Exchange Act and the Listing Rule, this Policy may be amended or terminated by the Committee at any time. To the extent that any applicable law, or stock market or exchange rules or regulations require recovery of Recoverable Compensation in circumstances in addition to those specified herein, nothing in this Policy shall be deemed to limit or restrict the right or obligation of the Company to recover Recoverable Compensation to the fullest extent required by such applicable law, stock market or exchange rules and regulations. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, this Policy shall no longer be effective from and after the date that the Company no longer has a class of securities publicly listed on a United States national securities exchange. 
 
 V. Interpretation 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Policy is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and the Listing Rule (and any applicable regulations, administrative interpretations or stock market or exchange rules and regulations adopted in connection therewith). The provisions of this Policy shall be interpreted in a manner that satisfies such requirements and this Policy shall be operated accordingly. If any provision of this Policy would otherwise frustrate or conflict with this intent, the provision shall be interpreted and deemed amended so as to avoid such conflict. 
 VI. Other compensation Clawback Recoupment Rights 
 Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies, rights or requirements with respect to the clawback or recoupment of any compensation that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any other recoupment or clawback policy of the Company (or any of its affiliates) that may be in effect from time to time, any provisions in any employment agreement, offer letter, equity plan, equity award agreement or similar plan or agreement, and any other legal remedies available to the Company, as well as applicable law, stock market or exchange rules, listing standards or regulations provided, however, that any amounts recouped or clawed back under any other policy that would be recoupable under this Policy shall count toward any required clawback or recoupment under this Policy and vice versa. 

3 

VII. Exempt Compensation 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company has no obligation under this Policy to seek recoupment of amounts paid to a Covered Executive which are granted, vested or earned based solely upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of nonfinancial events. Such exempt compensation includes, without limitation, base salary, time-vesting awards, compensation awarded on the basis of the achievement of metrics that are not Financial Reporting Measures or compensation awarded solely at the discretion of the Committee or the Board, provided that such amounts are in no way contingent on, and were not in any way granted on the basis of, the achievement of any Financial Reporting Measure performance goal. 
 VIII. Miscellaneous 
 (a) Any applicable award agreement or other document setting forth the terms and conditions of any compensation covered by this Policy shall be deemed to include the restrictions imposed herein and incorporate this Policy by reference and, in the event of any inconsistency, the terms of this Policy will govern. For the avoidance of doubt, this Policy applies to all compensation that is received on or after the Effective Date, regardless of the date on which the award agreement or other document setting forth the terms and conditions of the Covered Executive s compensation became effective, including, without limitation, compensation received under the Plans and any successor plans thereto. 
 (b) This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 
 (c) All issues concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Policy and all related documents, including, without limitation, any employment agreement, offer letter, equity award agreement or similar agreement, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 
 (d) All disputes between the Covered Executives, their beneficiaries, executors, administrators and any other legal representative and the Company (including its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, partners, employees, officers, directors, insurers, agents, investors, contractors, and vendors) arising out of or related to this Policy must be submitted for binding arbitration with Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, as specified in the Arbitration Agreement contained in the Covered Executive s Offer Letter. 
 (e) If any provision of this Policy is determined to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such provision will be applied to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and shall automatically be deemed amended in a manner consistent with its objectives to the extent necessary to conform to any limitations required under applicable law. 
 
 4 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 sq-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 sq-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 sq-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 sq-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 sq-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

