<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240223_10-K_edgar_data_886982_0000886982-24-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>51203803</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1910777</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5603009</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>24592601</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8900651</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8866709</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>23</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000886982-24-000006.hdr.sgml : 20240223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240222203925
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000886982-24-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		246
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000886982
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS & FLOTATION COMPANIES [6211]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				134019460
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14965
		FILM NUMBER:		24666969

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 WEST STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10282
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-902-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 WEST STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10282

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000886982-24-000006.txt : 20240223

10-K
 1
 gs-20231231.htm
 10-K

gs-20231231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading 
 Symbol 
 Exchange 
 on which 
 registered 
 of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A 
 of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C 
 of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D 
 of 6.375 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series K 
 5.793 Fixed-to-Floating Rate 
 Floating Rate 
 , Series F, Callable Fixed and Floating Rate Notes due March 2031 of GS Finance Corp. 
 , Series F, Callable Fixed and Floating Rate Notes due May 2031 of GS Finance Corp. 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2023, the aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion. 
 As of February 9, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 Documents incorporated by reference: 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 
 
 INDEX 
 Form 10-K Item Number Page No. PART I 1 
 
 Item 1 
 
 Business 
 1 
 Introduction 1 
 Our Business Segments 1 
 Global Banking Markets 1 
 Asset Wealth Management 4 
 Platform Solutions 5 
 Business Continuity and Information Security 5 
 Human Capital Management 5 
 Sustainability 7 
 Competition 9 
 Regulation 10 
 Information about our Executive Officers 27 
 Available Information 28 
 Forward-Looking Statements 28 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 31 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 60 
 Item 1C 
 Cybersecurity 
 60 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 60 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 60 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 60 
 PART II 61 
 Item 5 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 61 

Page No. 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
 
 and Results of Operations 
 62 
 
 Introduction 
 62 
 
 Executive Overview 
 63 
 
 Business Environment 
 64 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 64 
 
 Use of Estimates 
 66 
 
 Recent Accounting Developments 
 67 
 
 Results of Operations 
 68 
 
 Balance Sheet and Funding Sources 
 83 
 
 Capital Management and Regulatory Capital 
 86 
 
 Regulatory and Other Matters 
 92 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 92 
 
 Risk Management 
 93 
 
 Overview and Structure of Risk Management 
 93 
 
 Liquidity Risk Management 
 97 
 
 Market Risk Management 
 104 
 
 Credit Risk Management 
 109 
 
 Operational Risk Management 
 118 
 Cybersecurity Risk Management 
 120 
 
 Model Risk Management 
 121 
 
 Other Risk Management 
 122 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 124 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX 
 Page No. 
 Item 8 
 
 Financial Statements a nd Supplementary Data 
 124 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 124 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 125 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 128 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 128 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 128 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 129 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 130 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 131 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 132 
 
 Note 1. Description of Business 
 132 
 
 Note 2. Basis of Presentation 
 133 
 
 Note 3. Significant Accounting Policies 
 133 
 
 Note 4. Fair Value Measurements 
 139 
 
 Note 5. Fair Value Hierarchy 
 144 
 
 Note 6. Trading Assets and Liabilities 
 158 
 
 Note 7. Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 159 
 
 Note 8. Investments 
 165 
 
 Note 9. Loans 
 168 
 
 Note 10. Fair Value Option 
 177 
 
 Note 11. Collateralized Agreements and Financings 
 179 
 
 Note 12. Other Assets 
 183 
 
 Note 13. Deposits 
 187 
 
 Note 14. Unsecured Borrowings 
 188 
 
 Note 15. Other Liabilities 
 190 
 
 Note 16. Securitization Activities 
 191 
 
 Note 17. Variable Interest Entities 
 193 
 
 Note 18. Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees 
 196 
 
 Note 19. Shareholders Equity 
 201 
 
 Note 20. Regulation and Capital Adequacy 
 203 
 
 Note 21. Earnings Per Common Share 
 210 
 
 Note 22. Transactions with Affiliated Funds 
 210 
 
 Note 23. Interest Income and Interest Expense 
 211 
 
 Note 24. Income Taxes 
 211 
 
 Note 25. Business Segments 
 214 
 
 Note 26. Credit Concentrations 
 216 
 
 Note 27. Legal Proceedings 
 216 
 
 Note 28. Employee Benefit Plans 
 230 
 
 Note 29. Employee Incentive Plans 
 231 
 
 Note 30. Parent Company 
 233 

Page No. Supplemental Financial Information 235 
 Common Stock Performance 235 
 Statistical Disclosures 235 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 240 
 
 Item 9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 240 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 240 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 240 
 
 PART III 
 240 
 
 Item 10 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 240 
 
 Item 11 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 240 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 241 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 241 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 241 
 
 PART IV 
 241 
 
 Item 15 
 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 241 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 246 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Introduction 
 Goldman Sachs is a leading global financial institution that delivers a broad range of financial services to a large and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Our purpose is to advance sustainable economic growth and financial opportunity. Our goal, reflected in our One Goldman Sachs initiative, is to deliver the full range of our services and expertise to support our clients in a more accessible, comprehensive and efficient manner, across businesses and product areas. 
 When we use the terms Goldman Sachs, we, us, our and "the firm," we mean The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (Group Inc. or parent company), a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. When we use the term our subsidiaries, we mean the consolidated subsidiaries of Group Inc. References to this Form 10-K are to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. All references to 2023, 2022 and 2021 refer to our years ended, or the dates, as the context requires, December 31, 2023, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Group Inc. is a bank holding company (BHC) and a financial holding company (FHC) regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB). Our U.S. depository institution subsidiary, Goldman Sachs Bank USA (GS Bank USA), is a New York State-chartered bank. 
 
 Our Business Segments 
 We manage and report our activities in three business segments: Global Banking Markets, Asset Wealth Management and Platform Solutions. Global Banking Markets generates revenues from investment banking fees, including advisory, and equity and debt underwriting fees, Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities (FICC) intermediation and financing activities and Equities intermediation and financing activities, as well as relationship lending and acquisition financing (and related hedges) and investing activities related to our Global Banking Markets activities. Asset Wealth Management generates revenues from management and other fees, incentive fees, private banking and lending, equity investments and debt investments. Platform Solutions generates revenues from consumer platforms, and transaction banking and other platform businesses. 

The chart below presents our three business segments and their revenue sources. 

Global Banking Markets 
 Global Banking Markets serves public and private sector clients and we seek to develop and maintain long-term relationships with a diverse global group of institutional clients, including corporations, governments, states and municipalities. Our goal is to deliver to our institutional clients all of our resources in a seamless fashion, with our advisory and underwriting activities serving as the main initial point of contact. We make markets and facilitate client transactions in fixed income, currency, commodity and equity products and offer market expertise on a global basis. In addition, we make markets in, and clear client transactions on, major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide. Our clients include companies that raise capital and funding to grow and strengthen their businesses, and engage in mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense, restructurings and spin-offs, as well as companies that are professional market participants, who buy and sell financial products and manage risk, and investment entities whose ultimate clients include individual investors investing for their retirement, buying insurance or saving surplus cash. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 1 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

As a market maker, we provide prices to clients globally across thousands of products in all major asset classes and markets. At times, we take the other side of transactions ourselves if a buyer or seller is not readily available, and at other times we connect our clients to other parties who want to transact. Our willingness to make markets, commit capital and take risk in a broad range of products is crucial to our client relationships. Market makers provide liquidity and play a critical role in price discovery, which contributes to the overall efficiency of the capital markets. In connection with our market-making activities, we maintain (i) market-making positions, typically for a short period of time, in response to, or in anticipation of, client demand, and (ii) positions to actively manage our risk exposures that arise from these market-making activities (collectively, inventory). 
 We execute a high volume of transactions for our clients in large, highly liquid markets (such as markets for U.S. Treasury securities, stocks and certain agency mortgage pass-through securities). We also execute transactions for our clients in less liquid markets (such as mid-cap corporate bonds, emerging market currencies and certain non-agency mortgage-backed securities) for spreads and fees that are generally somewhat larger than those charged in more liquid markets. Additionally, we structure and execute transactions involving customized or tailor-made products that address our clients risk exposures, investment objectives or other complex needs, as well as derivative transactions related to client advisory and underwriting activities. 
 Through our global sales force, we maintain relationships with our clients, receiving orders and distributing investment research, trading ideas, market information and analysis. Much of this connectivity between us and our clients is maintained on technology platforms, including Marquee , and operates globally where markets are open for trading. Marquee provides institutional investors with market intelligence, risk analytics, proprietary datasets and trade execution across multiple asset classes. 
 Our businesses are supported by our Global Investment Research business, which, as of December 2023 , provided fundamental research on approximately 3,000 companies worldwide and on approximately 50 national economies, as well as on industries, currencies and commodities. 
 Our activities are organized by asset class and include both cash and derivative instruments. Cash refers to trading the underlying instrument (such as a stock, bond or barrel of oil). Derivative refers to instruments that derive their value from underlying asset prices, indices, reference rates and other inputs, or a combination of these factors (such as an option, which is the right or obligation to buy or sell a certain bond, stock or other asset on a specified date in the future at a certain price, or an interest rate swap, which is the agreement to convert a fixed rate of interest into a floating rate or vice versa). 

Global Banking Markets generates revenues from the following: 
 Investment banking fees. We provide advisory and underwriting services and help companies raise capital to strengthen and grow their businesses. 
 Investment banking fees includes the following: 
 Advisory. We have been a leader for many years in providing advisory services, including strategic advisory assignments with respect to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense activities, restructurings and spin-offs. In particular, we help clients execute large, complex transactions for which we provide multiple services, including cross-border structuring expertise. We also assist our clients in managing their asset and liability exposures and their capital. 
 Underwriting. We help companies raise capital to fund their businesses. As a financial intermediary, our job is to match the capital of our investing clients, who aim to grow the savings of millions of people, with the needs of our public and private sector clients, who need financing to generate growth, create jobs and deliver products and services. Our underwriting activities include public offerings and private placements in both local and cross-border transactions of a wide range of securities and other financial instruments, including acquisition financing. Underwriting consists of the following: 
 Equity underwriting. We underwrite common stock, preferred stock, convertible securities and exchangeable securities. We regularly receive mandates for large, complex transactions and have held a leading position in worldwide public common stock offerings and worldwide initial public offerings for many years. 
 Debt underwriting. We originate and underwrite various types of debt instruments, including investment-grade and high-yield debt, bank and bridge loans, including in connection with acquisition financing, and emerging- and growth-market debt, which may be issued by, among others, corporate, sovereign, municipal and agency issuers. In addition, we underwrite and originate structured securities, which include mortgage-related securities and other asset-backed securities. 

2 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

FICC. FICC generates revenues from intermediation and financing activities. 
 FICC intermediation. Includes client execution activities related to making markets in both cash and derivative instruments, as detailed below. 
 Interest Rate Products. Government bonds (including inflation-linked securities) across maturities, other government-backed securities, and interest rate swaps, options and other derivatives. 
 Credit Products. Investment-grade and high-yield corporate securities, credit derivatives, exchange-traded funds (ETFs), bank and bridge loans, municipal securities, distressed debt and trade claims. 
 Mortgages. Commercial mortgage-related securities, loans and derivatives, residential mortgage-related securities, loans and derivatives (including U.S. government agency-issued collateralized mortgage obligations and other securities and loans), and other asset-backed securities, loans and derivatives. 
 Currencies. Currency options, spot/forwards and other derivatives on G-10 currencies and emerging-market products. 
 Commodities. Commodity derivatives and, to a lesser extent, physical commodities, involving crude oil and petroleum products, natural gas, agricultural, base, precious and other metals, electricity, including renewable power, environmental products and other commodity products. 
 FICC financing. Includes (i) secured lending to our clients through structured credit and asset-backed lending, including warehouse loans backed by mortgages (including residential and commercial mortgage loans), corporate loans and consumer loans (including auto loans and private student loans), (ii) financing through securities purchased under agreements to resell (resale agreements) and (iii) commodity financing to clients through structured transactions. 

Equities. Equities generates revenues from intermediation and financing activities. 
 Equities intermediation. We make markets in equity securities and equity-related products, including ETFs, convertible securities, options, futures and over-the-counter (OTC) derivative instruments. As a principal, we facilitate client transactions by providing liquidity to our clients, including by transacting in large blocks of stocks or derivatives, requiring the commitment of our capital. 
 We also structure and make markets in derivatives on indices, industry sectors, financial measures and individual company stocks. We develop strategies and provide information about portfolio hedging and restructuring and asset allocation transactions for our clients. We also work with our clients to create specially tailored instruments to enable sophisticated investors to establish or liquidate investment positions or undertake hedging strategies. We are one of the leading participants in the trading and development of equity derivative instruments. 
 Our exchange-based market-making activities include making markets in stocks and ETFs, futures and options on major exchanges worldwide. 
 In addition, we generate commissions and fees from executing and clearing institutional client transactions on major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide, as well as OTC transactions. We provide our clients with access to a broad spectrum of equity execution services, including electronic low-touch access and more complex high-touch execution through both traditional and electronic platforms. 
 Equities financing. Includes prime financing, which provides financing to our clients for their securities trading activities through margin loans that are collateralized by securities, cash or other collateral. Prime financing also includes services which involve lending securities to cover institutional clients short sales and borrowing securities to cover our short sales and to make deliveries into the market. We are also an active participant in broker-to-broker securities lending and third-party agency lending activities. In addition, we execute swap transactions to provide our clients with exposure to securities and indices. Financing activities also include portfolio financing, which clients can utilize to manage their investment portfolios, and other equity financing activities, including securities-based loans to individuals. 
 Other. We lend to corporate clients, including through relationship lending and acquisition financing. The hedges related to this lending and financing activity are also reported as part of Other. Other also includes equity and debt investing activities related to our Global Banking Markets activities. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 3 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Asset Wealth Management 
 Asset Wealth Management provides investment services to help clients preserve and grow their financial assets and achieve their financial goals. We provide these services to our clients, both institutional and individuals, including investors who primarily access our products through a network of third-party distributors around the world. 
 We manage client assets across a broad range of investment strategies and asset classes, including equity, fixed income and alternative investments. Alternative investments primarily includes hedge funds, credit funds, private equity, real estate, currencies, commodities and asset allocation strategies. Our investment offerings include those managed on a fiduciary basis by our portfolio managers, as well as those managed by third-party managers. We offer our investment solutions in a variety of structures, including separately managed accounts, mutual funds, private partnerships and other commingled vehicles. 
 We also provide customized investment advisory solutions designed to address our clients investment needs. These solutions begin with identifying clients objectives and continue through portfolio construction, ongoing asset allocation and risk management and investment realization. We draw from a variety of third-party managers, as well as our proprietary offerings, to implement solutions for clients. 
 We also provide tailored wealth advisory services to clients across the wealth spectrum. We operate globally serving individuals, families, family offices, and foundations and endowments. Our relationships are established directly or introduced through companies that sponsor financial wellness or financial planning programs for their employees, as well as through corporate referrals. During 2023, we sold our Personal Financial Management (PFM) business. 
 We offer personalized financial planning to individuals and also provide customized investment advisory solutions, and offer structuring and execution capabilities in securities and derivative products across all major global markets. In addition, we offer clients a full range of private banking services, including a variety of deposit alternatives and loans that our clients use to finance investments in both financial and nonfinancial assets, bridge cash flow timing gaps or provide liquidity and flexibility for other needs. 
 We invest alongside our clients that invest in investment funds that we raise or manage. We also have investments in alternative assets across a range of asset classes. Our investing activities, which are typically longer-term, include investments in corporate equity, credit, real estate and infrastructure assets. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Asset Wealth Management in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for information about our targets to reduce our historical principal investments. 

We also raise deposits and have issued unsecured loans to consumers through Marcus by Goldman Sachs (Marcus). During 2023, we completed the sale of substantially all of the Marcus loans portfolio. 
 Asset Wealth Management generates revenues from the following: 
 Management and other fees. We receive fees related to managing assets for institutional and individual clients, providing investing and wealth advisory solutions, providing financial planning and counseling services, and executing brokerage transactions for wealth management clients. The vast majority of revenues in management and other fees consists of asset-based fees on client assets that we manage. The fees that we charge vary by asset class, client channel and the types of services provided, and are affected by investment performance, as well as asset inflows and redemptions. 
 Incentive fees. In certain circumstances, we also receive incentive fees based on a percentage of a fund s or a separately managed account s return, or when the return exceeds a specified benchmark or other performance targets. Such fees include overrides, which consist of the increased share of the income and gains derived primarily from our private equity and credit funds when the return on a fund s investments over the life of the fund exceeds certain threshold returns. 
 Private banking and lending. Our private banking and lending activities include issuing loans to our wealth management clients. Such loans are generally secured by commercial and residential real estate, securities or other assets. We also accept deposits from wealth management clients, including through Marcus. We also issued unsecured loans to consumers through Marcus. During the first half of 2023, we completed the sale of substantially all of this portfolio. Additionally, we provide investing services through Marcus Invest to U.S. customers. Private banking and lending revenues include net interest income allocated to deposits and net interest income earned on loans to individual clients. 
 Equity investments. Includes investing activities related to our asset management activities primarily related to public and private equity investments in corporate, real estate and infrastructure assets. We also make investments through consolidated investment entities, substantially all of which are engaged in real estate investment activities. In addition, we make investments in connection with our activities to satisfy requirements under the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA), primarily through our Urban Investment Group. 

4 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Debt investments. Includes lending activities related to our asset management activities, including investing in corporate debt, lending to middle-market clients, and providing financing for real estate and other assets. These activities include investments in mezzanine debt, senior debt and distressed debt securities. 
 
 Platform Solutions 
 Platform Solutions includes our consumer platforms, such as partnerships offering credit cards and point-of-sale financing, and transaction banking and other platform businesses. 
 Platform Solutions generates revenues from the following: 
 Consumer platforms. Our Consumer platforms business issues credit cards and provides point-of-sale financing through GreenSky Holdings, LLC (GreenSky) to consumers to finance the purchases of goods or services. Consumer platforms revenues primarily includes net interest income earned on credit card lending and point-of-sale financing activities. We also accept deposits from Apple Card customers. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we entered into an agreement to sell GreenSky, which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2024, and also completed the sale of a majority of the GreenSky installment loan portfolio. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we also entered into an agreement with General Motors (GM) regarding a process to transition their credit card program to another issuer to be selected by GM. 
 Transaction banking and other. We provide transaction banking and other services, including cash management services, such as deposit-taking and payment solutions for corporate and institutional clients. Transaction banking revenues include net interest income attributed to transaction banking deposits. 
 
 Business Continuity and Information Security 
 Business continuity and information security, including cybersecurity, are high priorities for us. Their importance has been highlighted by (i) the COVID-19 pandemic work-from-home-related developments, (ii) numerous highly publicized events in recent years, including cyber attacks against financial institutions, governmental agencies, large consumer-based companies, software and information technology service providers and other organizations, some of which have resulted in the unauthorized access to or disclosure of personal information and other sensitive or confidential information, the theft and destruction of corporate information and requests for ransom payments, and (iii) extreme weather events. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Cybersecurity Risk Management in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for further information about cybersecurity. 

Our Business Continuity Technology Resilience Program has been developed to provide reasonable assurance of business continuity in the event of disruptions at our critical facilities or of our systems, and to comply with regulatory requirements, including those of FINRA. Because we are a BHC, our Business Continuity Technology Resilience Program is also subject to review by the FRB. The key elements of the program are crisis management, business continuity, technology resilience, business recovery, assurance and verification, and process improvement. In the area of information security, we have developed and implemented a framework of principles, policies and technology designed to protect the information provided to us by our clients and our own information from cyber attacks and other misappropriation, corruption or loss. Safeguards are designed to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 Our people are our greatest asset. We believe that a major strength and principal reason for our success is the quality, dedication, determination and collaboration of our people, which enables us to serve our clients, generate long-term value for our shareholders and contribute to the broader community. We invest heavily in developing and supporting our people throughout their careers, and we strive to maintain a work environment that fosters professionalism, excellence, high standards of business ethics, diversity, teamwork and cooperation among our employees worldwide. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 The strength of our culture, our ability to execute our strategy, and our relationships with clients all depend on a diverse workforce and an inclusive work environment that encourages a wide range of perspectives. We believe that diversity at all levels of our organization, from entry-level analysts to senior management, as well as the Board of Directors of Group Inc. (Board) is essential to our sustainability. As of December 2023, approximately 54 of our Board was diverse by race, gender or sexual orientation. Our management team works closely with our Global Inclusion and Diversity Committee to foster the diversity of our global workforce at all levels. In addition, we have Inclusion and Diversity Committees across regions, which promote an environment that values different perspectives, challenges conventional thinking and maximizes the potential of all our people. 
 We believe diversity, including diversity of experience, gender identity, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability and veteran status, in addition to being a social imperative, is vital to our commercial success through the creativity that it fosters. For this reason, we have established a comprehensive action plan with aspirational diversity hiring and representation goals which are set forth below and are focused on cultivating an inclusive environment for all our colleagues. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 5 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Diverse leadership is crucial to our long-term success and to driving innovation, and we have implemented and expanded outreach and career development programs for rising diverse executive talent. For example, we are focused on ensuring that vice presidents, including diverse vice presidents, have the necessary coaching, sponsorship and advocacy to support their career trajectories and strengthen their leadership platforms. Many other career development initiatives are aimed at fostering talent, including diverse talent, at the analyst and associate level. Our global and regional Inclusion Networks and Interest Forums are open to all professionals at Goldman Sachs to promote and advance connectivity, understanding, inclusion and diversity. 
 Partner and Managing Director Promotions and Progress Toward Aspirational Goals 
 The composition of our most recent partnership class was 29 women professionals, 24 Asian professionals, 9 Black professionals, 3 Hispanic/Latinx professionals, 3 LGBTQ+ professionals and 3 professionals who are military/veterans. The composition of our most recent managing director class was 31 women professionals, 31 Asian professionals, 2 Black professionals, 4 Hispanic/Latinx professionals, 3 LGBTQ+ professionals and 3 professionals who are military/veterans. 
 We have also set forth the following aspirational goals: 
 Analyst and associate hiring of 50 women professionals, 11 Black professionals and 14 Hispanic/Latinx professionals in the Americas, and 9 Black professionals in the U.K. In 2023, our analyst and associate hires included 49 women professionals, 9 Black professionals and 13 Hispanic/Latinx professionals in the Americas, and 15 Black professionals in the U.K. 
 Women professionals to represent 40 of our vice presidents globally by 2025, and women professionals to comprise 50 of our employees globally over time. As of December 2023, women professionals represented 33 of our vice president population globally and women professionals represented 42 of our employees globally. In addition, women professionals constituted 32 of senior talent (vice presidents and above) in the U.K., above the 30 goal for U.K. senior talent (vice presidents and above). 
 Black professionals to represent 7 of our vice president population in the Americas and in the U.K., and for Hispanic/Latinx professionals to represent 9 of our vice president population in the Americas, both by 2025. As of December 2023, Black professionals represented 4 of our vice president population in the Americas and 5 in the U.K., and Hispanic/Latinx professionals represented 7 of our vice president population in the Americas. 
 Doubling the number of campus hires in the U.S. recruited from Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) in 2025 relative to 2020. 

Other than title, the metrics above are based on self-identification. 
 Talent Development and Retention 
 We seek to help our people achieve their full potential by investing in them and supporting a culture of continuous development. Our goals are to maximize individual capabilities, increase commercial effectiveness and innovation, reinforce our culture, expand professional opportunities, and help our people contribute positively to their communities. 
 Instilling our culture in all employees is a continuous process, in which training plays an important part. We offer our employees the opportunity to participate in ongoing educational offerings and periodic seminars facilitated by our Learning Engagement team. To accelerate their integration into the firm and our culture, new hires have the opportunity to receive training before they start working via orientation programs that emphasize culture and networking, and nearly all employees participate in at least one training event each year. For our more senior employees, we provide guidance and training on how to manage people and projects effectively, exhibit strong leadership and exemplify our culture. We are also focused on developing a high performing, diverse leadership pipeline and career planning for our next generation of leaders. We maintain a variety of programs aimed at employees professional growth and leadership development, including initiatives, such as our Vice President and Managing Director Leadership Acceleration Initiatives and Partner Development Initiative. 
 Enhancing our people s experience of internal mobility is a key focus, as we believe that this will inspire employees, help retain top talent and create diverse experiences to build future leaders. 
 Another important part of instilling our culture is our employee performance review process. Employees are reviewed by supervisors, co-workers and employees whom they supervise in a 360-degree review process that is integral to our team approach and includes an evaluation of an employee s performance with respect to risk management, protecting our reputation, adherence to our code of conduct, compliance, and diversity and inclusion principles. Our approach to evaluating employee performance centers on providing robust, timely and actionable feedback that facilitates professional development. We have directed our managers, as leaders at the firm, to take an active coaching role with their teams. We have also implemented The Three Conversations at GS through which managers establish goals with their team members at the start of the year, check in mid-year on progress and then close out the year with a conversation on performance against goals. 

6 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

We believe that our people value opportunities to contribute to their communities and that these opportunities enhance their job satisfaction. We also believe that being able to volunteer together with colleagues and support community organizations through completing local service projects strengthens our people s bond with us. Community TeamWorks, our signature volunteering initiative, enables our people to participate in high-impact, team-based volunteer opportunities, including projects coordinated with hundreds of nonprofit partner organizations worldwide. During 2023, our people volunteered approximately 94,000 hours of service globally through Community TeamWorks, with approximately 18,000 employees partnering with 640 nonprofit organizations on approximately 1,400 community projects. 
 Wellness 
 We recognize that for our people to be successful in the workplace they need support in their personal, as well as their professional, lives and that is why our wellness framework is designed to promote health and fitness, resilience, and work-life balance. We provide a number of policies for our employees that support taking time away from the office when needed, including a minimum of 20 weeks of parental leave and up to four weeks of family care leave in order to assist with the care of family members with a serious health condition, death of an immediate family member or miscarriage, in addition to bereavement leave. We allow managing directors to take time off without a fixed vacation day entitlement, and have also set a minimum annual expected vacation usage of 15 days for all employees. For longer-tenured employees, we offer an unpaid sabbatical leave. 
 We also continue to advance our resilience programs, offering our people a range of counseling, coaching, medical advisory and personal wellness services. We have introduced and globally scaled the internationally recognized Mental Health First Aid certification to our people. In 2023, we trained 600 individuals and in 2024 plan to achieve at least 1,000 employees certified across the firm. We have evolved and strengthened virtual offerings to enhance access to support, with the aim of maintaining the physical and mental well-being of our people, and enhancing their effectiveness and productivity. 
 We understand the crucial role caregiving plays in the lives of our employees and to help enable employees to better balance their roles at work and their responsibilities at home we offer a variety of family-centered benefits, including adoption and surrogacy stipends and adult and childcare options to help our people navigate caregiving across various life stages. 
 In addition, to support the financial wellness of our employees, we offer a variety of resources that help them manage their personal financial health and decision-making, including financial education information sessions, live and on-demand webinars, articles and interactive digital tools. 

Global Reach and Strategic Locations 
 As a firm with a global client base, we take a strategic approach to attracting, developing and managing a global workforce. Our clients are located worldwide and we are an active participant in financial markets around the world. As of December 2023, we had headcount of 45,300, offices in over 41 countries, and 51 of our headcount was based in the Americas, 20 in Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and 29 in Asia. Our employees come from over 180 countries and speak more than 150 languages as of December 2023. 
 In addition to maintaining offices in major financial centers around the world, we have established key strategic locations, including in Bengaluru, Salt Lake City, Dallas, Singapore, Warsaw and Hyderabad. We continue to evaluate the expanded use of strategic locations, including cities in which we do not currently have a presence. 
 As of December 2023, 41 of our employees were working in strategic locations. We believe our investment in these strategic locations enables us to build centers of excellence around specific capabilities that support our business initiatives. 
 
 Sustainability 
 We have a long-standing commitment to sustainability. Our two priorities in this area are helping clients across industries decarbonize their businesses to support their transition to a low-carbon economy (Climate Transition) and to advance solutions that expand access, increase affordability, and drive outcomes to support sustainable economic growth (Inclusive Growth). Our strategy is to advance these two priorities through our work with our clients, and with strategic partners whose strengths and areas of focus complement our own, as well as through our supply chain. 
 We established a Sustainable Finance Group (SFG), which serves as the centralized group that drives climate strategy and sustainability efforts across our firm, including commercial efforts alongside our businesses, to advance Climate Transition and Inclusive Growth. Since establishing SFG, our sustainable finance-related efforts have continued to evolve. For example, within Global Banking Markets, we established the Sustainable Banking Group, a group focused on supporting our corporate clients in reducing their direct and indirect carbon emissions. Within Asset Wealth Management there are multiple teams that specialize in sustainable investing. The Sustainability Impact Solutions team in Asset Wealth Management also helps mobilize the full range of insights, advisory services and investment solutions across our asset management client segments. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 7 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Our activities relating to sustainability present both financial and nonfinancial risks, and we have processes for managing these risks, similar to the other risks we face. We have integrated oversight of climate-related risks into our risk management governance structure, from senior management to our Board and its committees, including the Risk and Public Responsibilities committees. The Risk Committee of the Board oversees firmwide financial and nonfinancial risks, which include climate risk, and, as part of its oversight, receives updates on our risk management approach to climate risk. The Public Responsibilities Committee of the Board assists the Board in its oversight of our firmwide sustainability strategy and sustainability issues affecting us, including with respect to climate change. As part of its oversight, the Public Responsibilities Committee receives periodic updates on our sustainability strategy, and also periodically reviews our governance and related policies and processes for sustainability and climate change-related matters. We have also implemented an Environmental Policy Framework to guide our overall approach to sustainability issues. We apply this Framework when evaluating transactions for environmental and social risks and impacts. 
 Our employees also receive training with respect to environmental and social risks, including for sectors and industries that we believe have higher potential for these risks. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Other Risk Management Climate-Related and Environmental Risk Management in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for further information about our climate-related and environmental risk management. 
 As a leading financial institution, we acknowledge the importance of Climate Transition and Inclusive Growth for our business. We have completed sustainability bond issuances, which align with our sustainable finance framework for future issuances and fund a range of on-balance sheet sustainable finance activity. We believe we can advance sustainability by partnering with our clients across our businesses, including by developing new sustainability-linked financing solutions, offering strategic advice, or co-investing alongside our clients in clean energy companies. We have announced a target to deploy 750 billion in sustainable financing, investing and advisory activity by the beginning of 2030. As of December 2023, we achieved approximately 75 of that goal, with the majority dedicated to Climate Transition. 

With respect to Climate Transition, we have announced our commitment to align our financing activities with a net-zero-by-2050 pathway. In that context, we have set an initial set of 2030 targets for our energy, power and auto manufacturing portfolios, three sectors where we see an opportunity to proactively engage our clients and investors, deploy capital required for transition, and invest in new commercial solutions to drive decarbonization in the real economy. Carbon neutrality is also a priority for the operation of our firm and our supply chain. In 2015, we achieved carbon neutrality in our operations and business travel, ahead of our 2020 goal announced in 2009. We have expanded our operational carbon commitment to include our supply chain, targeting net-zero carbon emissions by 2030. 
 In addition to Climate Transition, our approach to sustainability also centers on Inclusive Growth where we seek to help drive solutions that expand access, increase affordability, and support outcomes to advance sustainable economic growth. Commercial solutions that seek to support Inclusive Growth include, among others, those of our Urban Investment Group and our Sustainable Investing Group. We also seek to support Inclusive Growth through sponsored initiatives, such as One Million Black Women , 10,000 Women and 10,000 Small Businesses . An overarching theme of our sustainability strategy is promoting diversity and inclusion as an imperative for us, as well as for our clients and their boards. These efforts are further strengthened by strategic partnerships that we have established in areas where we have identified gaps or believe we are able to drive even greater impact through collaboration. We believe our ability to achieve our sustainability objectives is critically dependent on the strengths and talents of our people, and we recognize that our people are able to maximize their impact by collaborating in a diverse and inclusive work environment. See Business Human Capital Management for information about our human capital management goals, programs and policies. 

8 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Competition 
 The financial services industry and all of our businesses are intensely competitive, and we expect them to remain so. Our competitors provide investment banking, market-making and asset management services, private banking and lending, commercial lending, credit cards, transaction banking, deposit-taking and other banking products and services, and make investments in securities, commodities, derivatives, real estate, loans and other financial assets. Our competitors include brokers and dealers, investment banking firms, commercial banks, credit card issuers, insurance companies, investment advisers, mutual funds, hedge funds, private equity funds, merchant banks, consumer finance companies and financial technology and other internet-based companies. Some of our competitors operate globally and others regionally, and we compete based on a number of factors, including transaction execution, client experience, products and services, innovation, reputation and price. 
 We have faced, and expect to continue to face, pressure to retain market share by committing capital to businesses or transactions on terms that offer returns that may not be commensurate with their risks. In particular, corporate clients seek such commitments (such as agreements to participate in their loan facilities) from financial services firms in connection with investment banking and other assignments. 
 Consolidation and convergence have significantly increased the capital base and geographic reach of some of our competitors and have also hastened the globalization of the securities and other financial services markets. As a result, we have had to commit capital to support our international operations and to execute large global transactions. To capitalize on some of our most significant opportunities, we will have to compete successfully with financial institutions that are larger and have more capital and that may have a stronger local presence and longer operating history outside the U.S. 
 We also compete with smaller institutions that offer more targeted services, such as independent advisory firms. Some clients may perceive these firms to be less susceptible to potential conflicts of interest than we are, and, as described below, our ability to effectively compete with them could be affected by regulations and limitations on activities that apply to us but may not apply to them. 

A number of our businesses are subject to intense price competition. Efforts by our competitors to gain market share have resulted in pricing pressure in our investment banking, market-making, consumer, wealth management and asset management businesses. For example, the increasing volume of trades executed electronically, through the internet and through alternative trading systems, has increased the pressure on trading commissions, in that commissions for electronic trading are generally lower than those for non-electronic trading. It appears that this trend toward low-commission trading will continue. Price competition has also led to compression in the difference between the price at which a market participant is willing to sell an instrument and the price at which another market participant is willing to buy it (i.e., bid/offer spread), which has affected our market-making businesses. The increasing prevalence of passive investment strategies that typically have lower fees than other strategies we offer has affected the competitive and pricing dynamics for our asset management products and services. In addition, we believe that we will continue to experience competitive pressures in these and other areas in the future as some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by further reducing prices, and as we enter into or expand our presence in markets that rely more heavily on electronic trading and execution. We and other banks also compete for deposits on the basis of the rates we offer. Increases in short-term interest rates have resulted in and may continue to result in more intense competition in deposit pricing, as well as competition from non-deposit financial products. 
 We also compete on the basis of the types of financial products and client experiences that we and our competitors offer. In some circumstances, our competitors may offer financial products that we do not offer and that our clients may prefer, including cryptocurrencies and other digital assets that we cannot or may choose not to provide. Our competitors may also develop technology platforms that provide a better client experience. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 9 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The provisions of the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act), the requirements promulgated by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (Basel Committee) and other financial regulations could affect our competitive position to the extent that limitations on activities, increased fees and compliance costs or other regulatory requirements do not apply, or do not apply equally, to all of our competitors or are not implemented uniformly across different jurisdictions. For example, the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that prohibit proprietary trading and restrict investments in certain hedge and private equity funds differentiate between U.S.-based and non-U.S.-based banking organizations and give non-U.S.-based banking organizations greater flexibility to trade outside of the U.S. and to form and invest in funds outside the U.S. 
 Likewise, the obligations with respect to derivative transactions under Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act depend, in part, on the location of the counterparties to the transaction. The impact of regulatory developments on our competitive position has depended and will continue to depend to a large extent on the manner in which the required rulemaking and regulatory guidance evolve, the extent of international convergence, and the development of market practice and structures under the evolving regulatory regimes, as described further in Regulation below. 
 We also face intense competition in attracting and retaining qualified employees. Our ability to continue to compete effectively has depended and will continue to depend upon our ability to attract new employees, retain and motivate our existing employees and to continue to compensate employees competitively amid intense public and regulatory scrutiny on the compensation practices of large financial institutions, including in jurisdictions such as New York State where we are required to publish certain compensation information as part of the employee hiring process. Our pay practices and those of certain of our competitors are subject to review by, and the standards of, the FRB and other regulators inside and outside the U.S., including the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) in the U.K. We also compete for employees with institutions whose pay practices are not subject to regulatory oversight. See Regulation Compensation Practices and Risk Factors Competition Our businesses would be adversely affected if we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for further information about such regulation. 

Regulation 
 As a participant in the global financial services industry, we are subject to extensive regulation and supervision worldwide. The regulatory regimes applicable to our operations have been, and continue to be, subject to significant changes. 
 New regulations have been adopted or are being considered by regulators and policy makers worldwide, as described below. The impacts of any changes to the regulations affecting our businesses, including as a result of the proposals described below, are uncertain and will not be known until such changes are finalized and market practices and structures develop under the revised regulations. 
 Group Inc. is a BHC under the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (BHC Act) and an FHC under amendments to the BHC Act effected by the U.S. Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (GLB Act), and is subject to supervision and examination by the FRB, which is our primary regulator. 
 Under the system of functional regulation established under the GLB Act, the primary regulators of our U.S. non-bank subsidiaries directly regulate the activities of those subsidiaries, with the FRB exercising a supervisory role. Such functionally regulated subsidiaries include broker-dealers and security-based swap dealers registered with the SEC, such as our principal U.S. broker-dealer, entities registered with or regulated by the CFTC with respect to futures-related and swaps-related activities and investment advisers registered with the SEC with respect to their investment advisory activities. 
 Our principal subsidiaries operating in the U.S. include GS Bank USA, Goldman Sachs Co., LLC (GS Co.), J. Aron Company LLC (J. Aron) and Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. 
 GS Bank USA is our principal U.S. bank subsidiary and is supervised and regulated by the FRB, the FDIC, the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). GS Bank USA also has a London branch, which is regulated by the FCA and PRA. We conduct a number of our activities partially or entirely through GS Bank USA and its subsidiaries, including: corporate loans (including leveraged lending); securities-based and collateralized loans; credit card loans; small business loans; residential mortgages; transaction banking; deposit-taking; interest rate, credit, currency and other derivatives; and agency lending. 

10 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

GS Co. is our principal U.S. broker-dealer and is registered as a broker-dealer, a security-based swap dealer, a municipal advisor and an investment adviser with the SEC and as a broker-dealer in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. U.S. self-regulatory organizations, such as FINRA and the NYSE, have adopted rules that apply to broker-dealers, such as GS Co. 
 Our principal subsidiaries operating in Europe include: Goldman Sachs International (GSI), Goldman Sachs International Bank (GSIB), Goldman Sachs Asset Management International (GSAMI), Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (GSBE), Goldman Sachs Asset Management B.V., and Goldman Sachs Paris Inc. et Cie (GSPIC). 
 Our E.U. subsidiaries are subject to various E.U. regulations, as well as national laws, including those implementing European directives. GSBE is directly supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB) and additionally by BaFin and Deutsche Bundesbank in the context of the E.U. Single Supervisory Mechanism. GSBE s London branch is regulated by the FCA. GSBE engages in certain activities primarily in the E.U., including underwriting and market making in debt and equity securities and derivatives, investment, asset and wealth management services, deposit-taking, lending (including securities lending), and financial advisory services. GSBE is also registered with the CFTC as a swap dealer and with the SEC as a security-based swap dealer and as a primary dealer for government bonds issued by E.U. sovereigns. Like our other foreign bank subsidiaries, GSBE is subject to limits on the nature and scope of its activities under the FRB s Regulation K, including limits on its underwriting and market making in equity securities based on GSBE s and/or GS Bank USA s capital. 
 GSPIC is an investment firm under the French Prudential Supervision and Resolution Authority and the French Financial Markets Authority. GSPIC s activities include certain activities that GSBE is prevented from undertaking. GSPIC is also transitioning in 2024 to a different classification as an investment firm under the E.U. Investment Firm Regulation, the prudential regime for E.U. investment firms. 
 GSI is a U.K. broker-dealer and a designated investment firm, and GSIB is a U.K. bank. Both GSI and GSIB are regulated by the PRA and the FCA. As a designated investment firm, GSI is subject to prudential requirements similar to those applicable to banks, including capital and liquidity requirements. GSI provides broker-dealer services in and from the U.K. and is registered with the CFTC as a swap dealer and with the SEC as a security-based swap dealer. GSIB engages in lending (including securities lending) and deposit-taking activities (including by taking retail deposits) and is a primary dealer for U.K. government bonds. GSI and GSIB maintain branches outside of the U.K. and are subject to the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions where they are located. 

Our principal subsidiary operating in Asia is Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. (GSJCL). GSJCL is our regulated Japanese broker-dealer subsidiary and is regulated by Japan s Financial Services Agency, the Tokyo Stock Exchange, the Bank of Japan and the Ministry of Finance, among others. 
 Banking Supervision and Regulation 
 The Basel Committee is the primary global standard setter for prudential bank regulation. However, the Basel Committee s standards do not become effective in a jurisdiction until the relevant regulators have adopted rules to implement its standards. The implications of Basel Committee standards and related regulations for our businesses depend to a large extent on their implementation by the relevant regulators globally, and the market practices and structures that develop. 
 Capital and Liquidity Requirements. We and GS Bank USA are subject to risk-based regulatory capital and leverage requirements that are calculated in accordance with the regulations of the FRB (Capital Framework). The Capital Framework is largely based on the Basel Committee s framework for strengthening the regulation, supervision and risk management of banks (Basel III) and also implements certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. Under the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies tailoring framework, we and GS Bank USA are subject to Category I standards because we have been designated as a global systemically important bank (G-SIB). Accordingly, we and GS Bank USA are Advanced approach banking organizations. Under the Capital Framework, we and GS Bank USA must meet specific regulatory capital requirements that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items. The sufficiency of our capital levels is also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators. We and GS Bank USA are also subject to liquidity requirements established by the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies. 
 GSBE is subject to capital and liquidity requirements prescribed in the E.U. Capital Requirements Regulation, as amended (CRR), and the E.U. Capital Requirements Directive, as amended (CRD), which are largely based on Basel III. The CRR requires large institutions with securities traded on a regulated market of a member state to make qualitative and quantitative disclosures relating to environmental, social and governance risks on a semi-annual basis. These requirements will apply to our E.U.-regulated entities beginning in January 2025. 
 GSI and GSIB are subject to the U.K. capital and liquidity frameworks prescribed in the PRA Rulebook and the U.K. Capital Requirements Regulation, which are also largely based on Basel III and are generally aligned with the E.U. capital and liquidity frameworks. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 11 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Risk-Based Capital Ratios. As Advanced approach banking organizations, we and GS Bank USA calculate risk-based capital ratios in accordance with both the Standardized and Advanced Capital Rules. Both the Standardized and Advanced Capital Rules include minimum risk-based capital requirements and additional capital conservation buffer requirements that must be satisfied solely with Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital. Failure to satisfy a buffer requirement in full would result in constraints on capital distributions and discretionary executive compensation. The severity of the constraints would depend on the amount of the shortfall and the organization s eligible retained income, defined as the greater of (i) net income for the four preceding quarters, net of distributions and associated tax effects not reflected in net income; and (ii) the average of net income over the preceding four quarters. For Group Inc., the capital conservation buffer requirements consist of a 2.5 buffer (under the Advanced Capital Rules), a stress capital buffer (SCB) (under the Standardized Capital Rules), and both a countercyclical buffer and the G-SIB surcharge (under both Capital Rules). For GS Bank USA, the capital conservation buffer requirements consist of a 2.5 buffer and the countercyclical capital buffer. 
 In July 2023, the FRB issued a proposal to implement a revised G-SIB assessment methodology and to revise certain systemic indicators to be based on daily or monthly average values during each year, instead of year-end values. 
 The SCB is based on the results of the Federal Reserve s supervisory stress tests and our planned common stock dividends and is likely to change over time based on the results of the annual supervisory stress tests. See Stress Tests and Capital Planning below. The countercyclical capital buffer is designed to counteract systemic vulnerabilities and currently applies only to banking organizations subject to Category I, II or III standards, including us and GS Bank USA. Several other national supervisors also require countercyclical capital buffers. The G-SIB surcharge and countercyclical capital buffer applicable to us may change in the future, including due to additional guidance from our regulators and/or positional changes. As a result, the minimum capital ratios to which we are subject are likely to change over time. 

The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted a rule that implements the Basel Committee s standardized approach for measuring counterparty credit risk exposures in connection with derivative contracts (SA-CCR). Under the rule, Advanced approach banking organizations are required to use SA-CCR in the calculation of their standardized risk-weighted assets (RWAs) and, with some adjustments, in the determination of their supplementary leverage ratios (SLRs) discussed below. 
 The capital requirements applicable to GSBE, GSI and GSIB include both minimum requirements and buffers. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Management and Regulatory Capital in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10 K and Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10 K for information about our capital ratios and those of GS Bank USA, GSBE, GSI and GSIB. 
 The Basel Committee standards include guidelines for calculating incremental capital ratio requirements for banking institutions that are systemically significant from a domestic but not global perspective (D-SIBs). Depending on how these guidelines are implemented by national regulators, they may apply to certain subsidiaries of G-SIBs. These guidelines are in addition to the framework for G-SIBs, but are more principles-based. The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies have not designated any D-SIBs. The CRD and CRR provide that institutions that are systemically important at the E.U. or member state level, known as other systemically important institutions (O-SIIs), may be subject to additional capital ratio requirements, according to their degree of systemic importance (O-SII buffers). BaFin has identified GSBE as an O-SII in Germany and set an O-SII buffer. 
 In the U.K., the PRA has identified Goldman Sachs Group UK Limited (GSG UK), the parent company of GSI and GSIB, as an O-SII but has not applied an O-SII buffer. 
 The Basel Committee has finalized revisions to the Basel III Capital Requirements (Basel III Revisions), and in July 2023, the U.S. bank regulatory agencies proposed a rule implementing the Basel III Revisions and the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB). The FRTB, among other things, revises the standardized and internal model-based approaches used to calculate market risk requirements and clarifies the scope of positions subject to market risk capital requirements. 

12 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The proposed effective date for the U.S. proposal is July 1, 2025, with a three-year transition period for the calculation of Expanded Risk-Based approach RWAs. The proposal includes the replacement of the Advanced approach with an Expanded Risk-Based approach, which eliminates the use of internal models to calculate RWAs for credit and operational risk. The proposal incorporates the application of the SCB requirements in the Expanded Risk-Based approach. The credit risk component of the Expanded Risk-Based approach would include new risk weights for many counterparty and exposure types, a revised collateral haircut approach for certain collateralized transactions and additional restrictions for recognizing collateral in certain securities financing transactions. Under the proposed rules, the RWAs for operational risk would be calculated primarily based on revenues and historical losses. In addition, the proposal introduces the FRTB, which would replace the market risk rule for both the Standardized and Expanded Risk-Based approaches and introduce a new credit valuation adjustment (CVA) risk RWA calculation for the Expanded Risk-Based approach. We continue to evaluate the impact of the proposed rules, but we preliminarily estimate that under these rules, if adopted as proposed and if our assets and liabilities remain largely consistent with those as of December 2023, our regulatory capital requirements could increase by approximately 25 on a fully phased-in basis. 
 The European Commission has proposed rules to implement the Basel III Revisions and the FRTB, and the Council of the E.U. has published the consolidated version reflecting the E.U. trilogue agreement. The agreed E.U. proposal contemplates amendments to the CRR and the CRD, referred to as CRR III and CRD VI, generally taking effect in January 2025. The proposed amendments include revised rules for market risk capital, a new standardized approach for operational risk and CVA risk capital and a floor on internally modeled capital requirements at a percentage of the capital requirements under the standardized approach, commonly known as the output floor. 
 In December 2023, the PRA issued near final market risk rules for the U.K. which are expected to be effective from July 1, 2025. The PRA also issued its consultation on the implementation of the Basel III Revisions, with a proposed effective date of July 1, 2025. Under the PRA consultation, our U.K. subsidiaries are not expected to be subject to a floor on internally modeled capital requirements. The PRA has also published near final rules for CVA risk, counterparty credit risk and operational risk, in addition to market risk. 
 The Basel Committee has published an updated securitization framework and a revised G-SIB assessment methodology. The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies July 2023 proposal would implement the updated securitization framework. The updated securitization framework has been implemented in the E.U. and U.K. 

The Basel Committee has also published a final standard on the prudential treatment of cryptoasset exposures. The Basel Committee contemplates that national regulators will have incorporated the standard into local capital requirements by January 1, 2025. U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies and E.U. and U.K. authorities have not yet proposed rules implementing the standards. 
 Leverage Ratios. Under the Capital Framework, we and GS Bank USA are subject to Tier 1 leverage ratios and SLRs established by the FRB. As a G-SIB, the SLR requirements applicable to us include both a minimum requirement and a buffer requirement, which operates in the same manner as the risk-based buffer requirements described above. In April 2018, the FRB and the OCC issued a proposed rule which would (i) replace the current 2 SLR buffer for G-SIBs, including us, with a buffer equal to 50 of their G-SIB surcharge and (ii) revise the 6 SLR requirement for Category I banks, such as GS Bank USA, to be well capitalized with a requirement equal to 3 plus 50 of their parent s G-SIB surcharge. 
 GSBE and certain of our U.K. entities are also subject to requirements relating to leverage ratios, which are generally based on the Basel Committee leverage ratio standards. 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Management and Regulatory Capital in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K and Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for information about our and GS Bank USA s Tier 1 leverage ratios and SLRs, and GSI s leverage ratio. 
 Liquidity Ratios. The Basel Committee s framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring requires banking organizations to measure their liquidity against two specific liquidity tests: the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR). 
 The LCR rule issued by the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies and applicable to both us and GS Bank USA is generally consistent with the Basel Committee s framework and is designed to ensure that a banking organization maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets equal to or greater than the expected net cash outflows under an acute short-term liquidity stress scenario. We and GS Bank USA are required to maintain a minimum LCR of 100 . 
 GSBE is subject to the LCR rule approved by the European Parliament and Council, and GSI and GSIB are subject to the U.K. regulatory authorities LCR rules, which are generally consistent with the Basel Committee s framework. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 13 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The NSFR is designed to promote medium- and long-term stable funding of the assets and off-balance sheet activities of banking organizations over a one-year time horizon. The Basel Committee s NSFR framework requires banking organizations to maintain a minimum NSFR of 100 . 
 We and GS Bank USA are subject to the U.S. NSFR rule and we are required to disclose the quarterly average of our daily NSFR on a semi-annual basis. The CRR implements the NSFR for certain E.U. financial institutions, including GSBE. The NSFR requirement implemented in the U.K. is applicable to both GSI and GSIB. 
 The FRB s enhanced prudential standards require BHCs with 100 billion or more in total consolidated assets to comply with enhanced liquidity and overall risk management standards, which include maintaining a level of highly liquid assets based on projected funding needs for 30 days, and increased involvement by boards of directors in liquidity and overall risk management. Although the liquidity requirement under these rules has some similarities to the LCR, it is a separate requirement. GSBE also has its own liquidity planning process, which incorporates internally designed stress tests and those required under German regulatory requirements and the ECB Guide to Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process (ILAAP). GSI and GSIB have their own liquidity planning processes, which incorporate internally designed stress tests developed in accordance with the guidelines of the PRA s ILAAP. 
 See Available Information below and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Overview and Structure of Risk Management and Liquidity Risk Management Liquidity Regulatory Framework in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for information about the LCR and NSFR, as well as our risk management practices and liquidity. 
 Stress Tests and Capital Planning. The FRB s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) is designed to ensure that large BHCs, including us, have sufficient capital to permit continued operations during times of economic and financial stress. As required by the FRB, we perform an annual capital stress test and incorporate the results into an annual capital plan, which we submit to the FRB for review. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Management and Regulatory Capital Capital Management Capital Planning and Stress Testing Process in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for further information about our annual capital plan. As described in Available Information below, summary results of the annual stress test are published on our website. 

As part of the CCAR process, the FRB evaluates our plan to make capital distributions across a range of macroeconomic and company-specific assumptions, based on our and the FRB s own stress tests. 
 Under the FRB s rule applicable to BHCs with 100 billion or more in total consolidated assets, including us, the SCB applies to the Standardized approach capital requirements. The SCB reflects stressed losses estimated under the supervisory severely adverse scenario of the CCAR stress tests, as calculated by the FRB, and includes four quarters of planned common stock dividends. The SCB, which is subject to a 2.5 floor, is generally effective on October 1 of each year and remains in effect until October 1 of the following year, unless it is reset in connection with the resubmission of a capital plan. See Available Information below and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Management and Regulatory Capital in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10 K for information about our SCB requirement. 
 The SCB rule requires a BHC to receive the FRB s approval for any dividend, stock repurchase or other capital distribution, other than a capital distribution on a newly issued capital instrument, if the BHC is required to resubmit its capital plan, which may occur if the BHC determines there has been or will be a material change in its risk profile, financial condition or corporate structure since the plan was last submitted, or if the FRB directs the BHC to revise and resubmit its capital plan. 
 U.S. depository institutions with total consolidated assets of 250 billion or more that are subsidiaries of U.S. G-SIBs, such as GS Bank USA, are required to submit annual company-run stress test results to the FRB. GSBE also has its own capital and stress testing process, which incorporates internally designed stress tests and those required under German regulatory requirements and the ECB Guide to Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP). In addition, GSI and GSIB have their own capital planning and stress testing processes, which incorporate internally designed stress tests developed in accordance with the PRA s ICAAP guidelines. 

14 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Limitations on the Payment of Dividends. U.S. federal and state laws impose limitations on the payment of dividends by U.S. depository institutions, such as GS Bank USA. In general, the amount of dividends that may be paid by GS Bank USA is limited to the lesser of the amounts calculated under a recent earnings test and an undivided profits test. Under the recent earnings test, a dividend may not be paid if the total of all dividends declared by the entity in any calendar year is in excess of the current year s net income combined with the retained net income of the two preceding years, unless the entity obtains regulatory approval. Under the undivided profits test, a dividend may not be paid in excess of the entity s undivided profits (generally, accumulated net profits that have not been paid out as dividends or transferred to surplus), unless the entity receives regulatory and stockholder approval. 
 The applicable U.S. banking regulators have authority to prohibit or limit the payment of dividends if, in the banking regulator s opinion, payment of a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the banking organization. 
 Source of Strength. The Dodd-Frank Act requires BHCs to act as a source of strength to their U.S. bank subsidiaries and to commit capital and financial resources to support those subsidiaries. This support may be required by the FRB at times when BHCs might otherwise determine not to provide it. Capital loans by a BHC to a U.S. subsidiary bank are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of the subsidiary bank. In addition, if a BHC commits to a U.S. federal banking agency that it will maintain the capital of its bank subsidiary, whether in response to the FRB s invoking its source-of-strength authority or in response to other regulatory measures, that commitment will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee for the BHC and the bank will be entitled to priority payment in respect of that commitment, ahead of other creditors of the BHC. 

Transactions Between Affiliates. Transactions between GS Bank USA or its subsidiaries, including GSBE, and Group Inc. or its other subsidiaries and affiliates are subject to restrictions under the Federal Reserve Act and regulations issued by the FRB. These laws and regulations generally limit the types and amounts of transactions (such as loans and other credit extensions, including credit exposure arising from resale agreements, securities borrowing and derivative transactions, from GS Bank USA or its subsidiaries to Group Inc. or its other subsidiaries and affiliates and purchases of assets by GS Bank USA or its subsidiaries from Group Inc. or its other subsidiaries and affiliates) that may take place and generally require those transactions, to the extent permitted, to be on market terms or better to GS Bank USA or its subsidiaries. These laws and regulations generally do not apply to transactions between GS Bank USA and its subsidiaries. Similarly, German regulatory requirements provide that certain transactions between GSBE and GS Bank USA or its other affiliates, including Group Inc., must be on market terms and are subject to special internal approval requirements. PRA rules also provide requirements for transactions between GSI and GSIB and their respective affiliates. 
 Resolution and Recovery Plans. We are required by the FRB and the FDIC to submit a periodic plan for our rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure (resolution plan). If these regulators jointly determine that an institution has failed to remediate identified shortcomings in its resolution plan or that its resolution plan, after any permitted resubmission, is not credible or would not facilitate an orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, they may jointly impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions on growth, activities or operations, or may jointly order the institution to divest assets or operations, in order to facilitate orderly resolution in the event of failure. The FRB and FDIC require U.S. G-SIBs to submit resolution plans every two years (alternating between submissions of full plans and targeted plans that include only select information). We submitted our 2023 resolution plan, which was a full submission, in June 2023. Our next required submission is a targeted submission by July 1, 2025. See Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory The application of Group Inc. s proposed resolution strategy could result in greater losses for Group Inc. s security holders in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K and Available Information in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K for further information about our resolution plan. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 15 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

We are also required by the FRB to submit, on a periodic basis, a global recovery plan that outlines the steps that we could take to reduce risk, maintain sufficient liquidity and conserve capital in times of prolonged stress. Certain of our subsidiaries are also subject to similar recovery plan requirements. 
 GS Bank USA is required to provide a resolution plan to the FDIC that must, among other things, demonstrate that it is adequately protected from risks arising from our other entities. GS Bank USA s most recent resolution plan was submitted in December 2023. In August 2023, the FDIC proposed to revise its current rule that requires the submission of resolution plans by insured depository institutions (IDIs) with 50 billion or more in total assets. The proposal would revise the requirements regarding the content and timing of resolution submissions, as well as interim supplements to those submissions provided to the FDIC. Under the proposal, IDIs with 100 billion or more in total assets, including GS Bank USA, would submit full resolution plans biennially. 
 The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted rules imposing restrictions on qualified financial contracts (QFCs) entered into by G-SIBs. The rules are intended to facilitate the orderly resolution of a failed G-SIB by limiting the ability of the G-SIB to enter into a QFC unless (i) the counterparty waives certain default rights in such contract arising upon the entry of the G SIB or one of its affiliates into resolution, (ii) the contract does not contain enumerated prohibitions on the transfer of such contract and/or any related credit enhancement, and (iii) the counterparty agrees that the contract will be subject to the special resolution regimes set forth in the Dodd-Frank Act orderly liquidation authority (OLA) and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act of 1950 (FDIA), described below. GS Bank USA has achieved compliance by adhering to the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Universal Resolution Stay Protocol (ISDA Universal Protocol) and International Swaps and Derivatives Association 2018 U.S. Resolution Stay Protocol (U.S. ISDA Protocol) described below. 
 Certain of our other subsidiaries also adhere to these protocols. The ISDA Universal Protocol imposes a stay on certain cross-default and early termination rights within standard ISDA derivative contracts and securities financing transactions between adhering parties in the event that one of them is subject to resolution in its home jurisdiction, including a resolution under OLA or the FDIA in the U.S. The U.S. ISDA Protocol, which was based on the ISDA Universal Protocol, was created to allow market participants to comply with the final QFC rules adopted by the federal bank regulatory agencies. 

The E.U. Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD), as amended by the BRRD II, establishes a framework for the recovery and resolution of financial institutions in the E.U., such as GSBE. The BRRD provides national supervisory authorities with tools and powers to pre-emptively address potential financial crises in order to promote financial stability and minimize taxpayers exposure to losses. The BRRD requires E.U. member states to grant certain resolution powers to national and, where relevant, E.U. resolution authorities, including the power to impose a temporary stay and to recapitalize a failing entity by writing down its unsecured debt or converting its unsecured debt into equity. Financial institutions in the E.U. must provide that contracts governed by non-E.U. law recognize those temporary stay and bail-in powers unless doing so would be impracticable. GSBE is under the direct authority of the Single Resolution Board for resolution planning. E.U. law requires financial institutions in the E.U., including subsidiaries of non-E.U. groups, to submit recovery plans and to assist the relevant resolution authority in constructing resolution plans for the E.U. entities. GSBE s primary regulator with respect to recovery planning is the ECB, and it is also regulated by BaFin and Deutsche Bundesbank. 
 The U.K. Special Resolution Regime confers substantially the same powers on the Bank of England, as the U.K. resolution authority, and substantially the same requirements on U.K. financial institutions. Further, certain U.K. financial institutions, including GSI and GSIB, are required to meet the Bank of England s expectations contained in the U.K. Resolution Assessment Framework, including with respect to loss absorbency, contractual stays, operational continuity and funding in resolution. They are also required by the PRA to submit solvent wind-down plans on how they could be wound down in a stressed environment. The PRA is also the regulatory authority in the U.K. that supervises recovery planning, and GSI and GSIB are each required to submit recovery plans to the PRA. 

16 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC). The FRB s TLAC rule, among other things, establishes minimum TLAC requirements and establishes minimum requirements for eligible long-term debt (i.e., debt that is unsecured, has a maturity of at least one year from issuance and satisfies certain additional criteria). In August 2023, the FRB proposed to introduce a minimum denomination requirement for eligible long-term debt, among other changes. 
 The rule also prohibits a BHC that has been designated as a U.S. G-SIB from (i) guaranteeing subsidiaries liabilities that are subject to early termination provisions if the BHC enters into an insolvency or receivership proceeding, subject to an exception for guarantees permitted by rules of the U.S. federal banking agencies imposing restrictions on QFCs; (ii) incurring liabilities guaranteed by subsidiaries; (iii) issuing short-term debt to third parties; or (iv) entering into derivatives and certain other financial contracts with external counterparties. 
 Additionally, the rule caps, at 5 of the value of the parent company s eligible TLAC, the amount of unsecured non-contingent third-party liabilities that are not eligible long-term debt that could rank equally with or junior to eligible long-term debt. 
 The CRR, the BRRD and U.K. financial services regime also impose minimum TLAC requirements on G-SIBs. For example, the CRR requires E.U. subsidiaries of a non-E.U. G-SIB that exceed the threshold of 5 of the G-SIB s RWAs, operating income or leverage exposure, such as GSBE, to meet internal TLAC requirements. Under the U.K. financial services regime, GSG UK exceeds the applicable thresholds and therefore, it is subject to internal TLAC requirements. 
 The CRD required a non-E.U. group with more than 40 billion of assets in the E.U., such as us, to establish an E.U. intermediate holding company (E.U. IHC) by December 30, 2023 if it has, as in our case, two or more of certain types of E.U. financial institution subsidiaries, including broker-dealers and banks. A non-E.U. group may have two E.U. IHCs if a request for a second is approved, and in September 2023, the ECB granted GSBE and GSPIC an exemption to operate under two E.U. IHCs. The CRR requires E.U. IHCs to satisfy capital and liquidity requirements, a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL), and certain other prudential requirements at a consolidated level. The U.K. has not implemented a similar requirement to establish an IHC; however, the PRA has introduced a requirement that certain U.K. financial holding companies or a designated U.K. group entity be responsible for the U.K. group s regulatory compliance. We have designated GSI for that responsibility. 

The BRRD II and the U.K. resolution regime subject institutions to an MREL, which is generally consistent with the Financial Stability Board s (FSB s) TLAC standard. GSI is required to maintain a minimum level of internal MREL and provide the Bank of England the right to exercise bail-in triggers over certain intercompany regulatory capital and senior debt instruments issued by GSI. These triggers enable the Bank of England to write down such instruments or convert such instruments to equity. The triggers can be exercised by the Bank of England if it determines that GSI has reached the point of non-viability and the FRB and the FDIC have not objected to the bail-in or if Group Inc. enters bankruptcy or similar proceedings. The Single Resolution Board imposes internal MREL requirements applicable to GSBE. 
 Insolvency of a BHC or IDI. The Dodd-Frank Act created a resolution regime, OLA, for BHCs and their affiliates that are systemically important. Under OLA, the FDIC may be appointed as receiver for the systemically important institution and its failed non-bank subsidiaries if, upon the recommendation of applicable regulators, the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury determines, among other things, that the institution is in default or in danger of default, that the institution s failure would have serious adverse effects on the U.S. financial system and that resolution under OLA would avoid or mitigate those effects. 
 If the FDIC is appointed as receiver under OLA, then the powers of the receiver, and the rights and obligations of creditors and other parties who have dealt with the institution, would be determined under OLA, and not under the bankruptcy or insolvency law that would otherwise apply. The powers of the receiver under OLA are generally based on the powers of the FDIC as receiver for depository institutions under the FDIA, described below. 
 Substantial differences in the rights of creditors exist between OLA and the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, including the right of the FDIC under OLA to disregard the strict priority of creditor claims in some circumstances, the use of an administrative claims procedure to determine creditors claims (as opposed to the judicial procedure utilized in bankruptcy proceedings), and the right of the FDIC to transfer claims to a bridge entity. In addition, OLA limits the ability of creditors to enforce certain contractual cross-defaults against affiliates of the institution in receivership. The FDIC has issued a notice that it would likely resolve a failed FHC by transferring its assets to a bridge holding company under its single point of entry or SPOE strategy pursuant to OLA. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 17 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Under the FDIA, if the FDIC is appointed as conservator or receiver for an IDI such as GS Bank USA, upon its insolvency or in certain other events, the FDIC has broad powers, including the power: 
 To transfer any of the IDI s assets and liabilities to a new obligor, including a newly formed bridge bank, without the approval of the depository institution s creditors; 
 To enforce the IDI s contracts pursuant to their terms without regard to any provisions triggered by the appointment of the FDIC in that capacity; or 
 To repudiate or disaffirm any contract or lease to which the IDI is a party, the performance of which is determined by the FDIC to be burdensome and the repudiation or disaffirmance of which is determined by the FDIC to promote the orderly administration of the IDI. 
 In addition, the claims of holders of domestic deposit liabilities and certain claims for administrative expenses against an IDI would be afforded a priority over other general unsecured claims, including deposits at non-U.S. branches and claims of debtholders of the IDI, in the liquidation or other resolution of such an institution by any receiver. As a result, whether or not the FDIC ever sought to repudiate any debt obligations of GS Bank USA, the debtholders (other than depositors at U.S. branches) would be treated differently from, and could receive, if anything, substantially less than, the depositors at U.S. branches of GS Bank USA . 
 Deposit Insurance. Deposits at GS Bank USA have the benefit of FDIC insurance up to the applicable limits. The FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund is funded by assessments on IDIs. GS Bank USA s assessment (subject to adjustment by the FDIC) is currently based on its average total consolidated assets less its average tangible equity during the assessment period, its supervisory ratings and specified forward-looking financial measures used to calculate the assessment rate. In addition, the FDIC must recover, by special assessment, losses to the FDIC deposit insurance fund as a result of the FDIC s use of the systemic risk exception to the least cost resolution test under the FDIA. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Operating Expenses in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for information about the estimated impact of the FDIC special assessment fee. The deposits of GSBE are covered by the German statutory deposit protection program to the extent provided by law. In addition, GSBE has elected to participate in the German voluntary deposit protection program which provides further insurance for certain eligible deposits beyond the coverage of the German statutory deposit program. Eligible deposits at GSIB and the London branch of GS Bank USA are covered by the U.K. Financial Services Compensation Scheme up to the applicable limits. 

Prompt Corrective Action. The U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (FDICIA) requires the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies to take prompt corrective action in respect of depository institutions that do not meet specified capital requirements. FDICIA establishes five capital categories for FDIC-insured banks, such as GS Bank USA: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. 
 An institution may be downgraded to, or deemed to be in, a capital category that is lower than is indicated by its capital ratios if it is determined to be in an unsafe or unsound condition or if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating with respect to certain matters. FDICIA imposes progressively more restrictive constraints on operations, management and capital distributions, as the capital category of an institution declines. Failure to meet the capital requirements could also require a depository institution to raise capital. Ultimately, critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator, as described in Insolvency of an IDI or a BHC above. 
 The prompt corrective action regulations do not apply to BHCs. However, the FRB is authorized to take appropriate action at the BHC level, based upon the undercapitalized status of the BHC s depository institution subsidiaries. In certain instances, relating to an undercapitalized depository institution subsidiary, the BHC would be required to guarantee the performance of the undercapitalized subsidiary s capital restoration plan and might be liable for civil money damages for failure to fulfill its commitments on that guarantee. Furthermore, in the event of the bankruptcy of the BHC, the guarantee would take priority over the BHC s general unsecured creditors, as described in Source of Strength above. 

18 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Volcker Rule and Other Restrictions on Activities. As a BHC, we are subject to limitations on the types of business activities in which we may engage. 
 Volcker Rule. The Volcker Rule prohibits proprietary trading, but permits activities such as underwriting, market making and risk-mitigation hedging, requires an extensive compliance program and includes additional reporting and record-keeping requirements. 
 In addition, the Volcker Rule limits the sponsorship of, and investment in, covered funds (as defined in the rule) by banking entities, including us. It also limits certain types of transactions between us and our sponsored and advised funds, similar to the limitations on transactions between depository institutions and their affiliates. Covered funds include our private equity funds, certain of our credit and real estate funds, our hedge funds and certain other investment structures. The limitation on investments in covered funds requires us to limit our investment in each such fund to 3 or less of the fund s net asset value, and to limit our aggregate investment in all such funds to 3 or less of our Tier 1 capital. 
 Other Restrictions. FHCs generally can engage in a broader range of financial and related activities than are otherwise permissible for BHCs as long as they continue to meet the eligibility requirements for FHCs. The broader range of permissible activities for FHCs includes underwriting, dealing and making markets in securities and making investments in non-FHCs (merchant banking activities). In addition, certain FHCs, including us, are permitted to engage in certain commodities activities in the U.S. that may otherwise be impermissible for BHCs, so long as the assets held pursuant to these activities do not equal 5 or more of their consolidated assets. 
 The FRB, however, has the authority to limit an FHC s ability to conduct activities that would otherwise be permissible, and will likely do so if the FHC does not satisfactorily meet certain requirements of the FRB. For example, if an FHC or any of its U.S. depository institution subsidiaries ceases to maintain its status as well-capitalized or well-managed, the FRB may impose corrective capital and/or managerial requirements, as well as additional limitations or conditions. If the deficiencies persist, the FHC may be required to divest its U.S. depository institution subsidiaries or to cease engaging in activities other than the business of banking and certain closely related activities. 
 In addition, we are required to obtain prior FRB approval before certain acquisitions and before engaging in certain banking and other financial activities both within and outside the U.S. 

U.S. G-SIBs, like us, are also required to comply with a rule regarding single counterparty credit limits, which imposes more stringent requirements for credit exposures among major financial institutions. 
 The New York State banking law imposes lending limits (which take into account credit exposure from derivative transactions) and other requirements that could impact the manner and scope of GS Bank USA s activities. 
 The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies have issued guidance that focuses on transaction structures and risk management frameworks and that outlines high-level principles for safe-and-sound leveraged lending, including underwriting standards, valuation and stress testing. This guidance has, among other things, limited the percentage amount of debt that can be included in certain transactions. 
 As a German credit institution, GSBE is subject to Volcker Rule-type prohibitions under German banking law and regulations because its financial assets exceed certain thresholds. Prohibited activities include (i) proprietary trading, (ii) high-frequency trading at a German trading venue, and (iii) lending and guarantee businesses with German hedge funds, German funds of hedge funds or any non-German substantially leveraged alternative investment funds, unless an exclusion or an exemption applies. 
 As part of its implementation of the Basel III Revisions, the E.U. is introducing new restrictions on the provision of certain core banking services cross-border into the E.U. and new requirements on E.U. branches of third-country banks, such as the German branch of GSIB. 
 U.K. banks that have over 25 billion of core retail deposits are required to separate their retail banking services from their investment and international banking activities, commonly known as ring-fencing. GSIB is not currently subject to the ring-fencing requirement. In September 2023, the treasury department of the U.K. government proposed to increase the ring-fencing deposit threshold from 25 billion to 35 billion of core retail deposits. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 19 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Community Reinvestment Act (CRA). In 2023, GS Bank USA ceased to be assessed as a wholesale bank for CRA and New York Community Reinvestment Act (NYCRA) compliance purposes. GS Bank USA instead adopted a strategic plan that was approved by the FRB and NYDFS. The 2023 strategic plan will be in effect through 2028. While the plan is in effect, its terms will not be impacted by the revised federal CRA regulations, jointly published by the FDIC, FRB, and OCC in October 2023. The revised federal CRA regulations tailor CRA evaluations to bank size and type, with many of the changes applying only to banks with over 2 billion in assets and several applying only to banks with over 10 billion in assets, including GS Bank USA. 
 The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution s discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community, but depository institutions may only receive CRA credit for certain types of lending and for lending, investments and services that support community development, as defined in the CRA regulations. The CRA and its regulations require each appropriate federal bank regulatory agency, in connection with its examination of a depository institution, to assess such institution s record of meeting the credit needs of the communities served by that institution, including the needs of low- and moderate-income borrowers and neighborhoods, and to make such assessment available to the public. 
 The assessment also is part of the FRB s consideration of applications to acquire, merge or consolidate with another banking institution or its holding company, to assume deposits of or acquire assets from another depository institution, to establish a new domestic branch office that will accept deposits, or to relocate an office. In the case of a BHC applying for approval to acquire a bank or another BHC, the FRB will assess the records of performance under the CRA of the IDIs involved in the transaction, and such records may be the basis for denying the application. 
 If GS Bank USA fails to maintain at least a satisfactory rating under the CRA, it would be subject to restrictions on certain new activities and acquisitions. 

We are also subject to provisions of the New York Banking Law that impose continuing and affirmative obligations upon New York State-chartered banks, such as GS Bank USA, to serve the credit needs of its local community (NYCRA). Such obligations are substantially similar to those imposed by the CRA. The NYCRA requires the NYDFS to make a periodic written assessment of an institution s compliance with the NYCRA, and to make such assessment available to the public. The NYCRA also requires the NYDFS to consider the NYCRA rating when reviewing an application to engage in certain transactions, including mergers, asset purchases and the establishment of domestic branch offices, and provides that such assessment may serve as a basis for the denial of any such application. 
 Broker-Dealer and Securities Regulation 
 Our broker-dealer subsidiaries, including GS Co., are subject to regulations that cover all aspects of the securities business, including sales methods, trade practices, the use and safekeeping of clients funds and securities, capital structure, record-keeping, the financing of clients purchases, and the conduct of directors, officers and employees. In the U.S., the SEC is the federal agency responsible for the administration of the federal securities laws. 
 U.S. state securities and other U.S. regulators also have regulatory or oversight authority over GS Co. For a description of net capital requirements applicable to GS Co., see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Management and Regulatory Capital Subsidiary Capital Requirements U.S. Regulated Broker-Dealer Subsidiaries in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 
 The SEC has adopted a rule, effective January 2, 2024, that requires lenders of securities to provide the material terms of securities lending transactions to FINRA and for FINRA to make certain terms publicly available. Reporting under this rule will be required beginning in January 2026. 
 The SEC requires broker-dealers to act in the best interest of their retail customers. SEC rules require broker-dealers to provide a standardized, short-form disclosure highlighting services offered, applicable standards of conduct, fees and costs, the differences between brokerage and advisory services, and any conflicts of interest. In addition, several states have adopted or proposed adopting uniform fiduciary duty standards applicable to broker-dealers. 

20 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

In December 2022, the SEC issued four proposals to reform the U.S. equity market structure. The SEC proposed establishing a broker-dealer best execution standard, which would require broker-dealers to use reasonable diligence to ascertain the best market for a customer order so that the resultant price to the customer is as favorable as possible under prevailing market conditions. The best execution standard applies to all securities and supplements, but does not replace, the existing FINRA and Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (MSRB) best execution rules. The SEC also proposed, among other things, to require that individual investor orders routed through broker-dealers be exposed to order-by-order competition in qualified auctions; to update the minimum pricing increments, with variable price increments based on the trading characteristics of stocks; and to revise and expand reporting and disclosure requirements relating to execution quality. 
 In June 2023, FINRA issued a proposal that would require certain broker-dealers, including GS Co. to meet certain liquidity requirements and to establish a liquidity risk management program, including conducting liquidity stress testing and maintaining a contingency funding plan, and comply with notification and reporting requirements. 
 The SEC, FINRA and regulators in various non-U.S. jurisdictions have imposed both conduct-based and disclosure-based requirements with respect to research reports and research analysts and may impose additional regulations. 
 In November 2023, the SEC adopted a rule that prohibits participants involved in the creation of asset-backed securities, including any underwriter, placement agent, initial purchaser or sponsor of an asset-backed security (or any affiliate or subsidiary), from engaging in any transaction that involves or results in a material conflict of interest between the securitization participant and an investor in an asset-backed security, including reducing its exposure to the asset-backed securities, subject to certain exceptions. 
 In December 2023, the SEC adopted a rule that necessitates SEC-registered clearing agencies to set up policies and procedures that would, among other things, require many market participants to clear cash and repurchase treasury securities transactions through such a clearing agency by December 2025 for cash transactions and by June 2026 for repurchase transactions. 
 GS Co. and other U.S. subsidiaries are also subject to rules adopted by U.S. federal agencies pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act that require any person who organizes or initiates certain asset-backed securities transactions to retain a portion (generally, at least five percent) of any credit risk that the person conveys to a third party. For certain securitization transactions, retention by third-party purchasers may satisfy this requirement. 

In Europe, we provide broker-dealer services, including through GSBE, GSPIC and GSI, that are subject to oversight by European and national regulators. These services are regulated in accordance with E.U., U.K. and other national laws and regulations. These laws require, among other things, compliance with certain capital adequacy and liquidity standards, customer protection requirements and market conduct and trade reporting rules. Certain of our European subsidiaries are also regulated by the securities, derivatives and commodities exchanges of which they are members. 
 In the E.U. and the U.K., the European Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID II) and the European Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation (MiFIR) established trading venue categories for the purposes of discharging the obligation to trade OTC derivatives on a trading platform, enhanced pre- and post-trade transparency covering a wide range of financial instruments, placed volume caps on non-transparent liquidity trading for equities trading venues, limited the use of broker-dealer equities crossing networks and created a regime for systematic internalizers, which are investment firms that execute client equity transactions outside a trading venue. Additional control requirements apply to algorithmic trading, high frequency trading and direct electronic access. Commodities trading firms are required to calculate their positions and adhere to specific position limits. MiFID II and MiFIR also require enhanced transaction reporting, the publication of best execution data by investment firms and trading venues, transparency on costs and charges of service to investors, restrictions on the way investment managers can pay for the receipt of investment research, rules limiting the payment and receipt of soft commissions and other forms of inducements, and mandatory unbundling for broker-dealers between execution and other major services. Certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries, including GSBE and GSI, are subject to risk retention requirements in connection with securitization activities. 
 GSJCL, our regulated Japanese broker-dealer, is subject to capital requirements imposed by Japan s Financial Services Agency. GSJCL is also regulated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange, the Bank of Japan and the Ministry of Finance, among others. 
 The Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong, the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the Reserve Bank of India, the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, the Australian Securities Exchange, the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the Korean Financial Supervisory Service and the Central Bank of Brazil, among others, regulate various of our subsidiaries and also have capital standards and other requirements comparable to the rules of the U.S. regulators. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 21 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Our exchange-based market-making activities are subject to extensive regulation by a number of securities exchanges. As a market maker on exchanges, we are required to maintain orderly markets in the securities to which we are assigned. 
 Swaps, Derivatives and Commodities Regulation 
 The commodity futures, commodity options and swaps industry in the U.S. is subject to regulation under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act (CEA). The CFTC is the U.S. federal agency charged with the administration of the CEA. In addition, the SEC is the U.S. federal agency charged with the regulation of security-based swaps. The rules and regulations of various self-regulatory organizations, such as the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, other futures exchanges and the National Futures Association (NFA), also govern commodity futures, commodity options and swaps activities. 
 The terms swaps and security-based swaps include a wide variety of derivative instruments in addition to those conventionally referred to as swaps (including certain forward contracts and options), and relate to a wide variety of underlying assets or obligations, including currencies, commodities, interest or other monetary rates, yields, indices, securities, credit events, loans and other financial obligations. 
 CFTC rules require registration of swap dealers, mandatory clearing and execution of interest rate and credit default swaps and real-time public reporting and adherence to business conduct standards for all in-scope swaps. A number of these requirements, particularly those regarding recordkeeping and reporting, also apply to transactions that do not involve a registered swap dealer. GS Co. and other subsidiaries, including GS Bank USA, GSBE, GSI and J. Aron, are registered with the CFTC as swap dealers. The CFTC has rules establishing capital requirements for swap dealers that are not subject to the capital rules of a prudential regulator, such as the FRB. The CFTC also has financial reporting requirements for covered swap entities and capital rules for CFTC-registered futures commission merchants that provide explicit capital requirements for proprietary positions in swaps and security-based swaps that are not cleared by a clearing organization. Certain of our registered swap dealers, including J. Aron, are subject to the CFTC s capital requirements. 
 Our affiliates registered as swap dealers are subject to the margin rules issued by the CFTC (in the case of our non-bank swap dealers) and the FRB (in the case of GS Bank USA and GSBE). Inter-affiliate transactions under the CFTC and FRB margin rules are generally exempt from initial margin requirements. 

Our affiliates registered as swap dealers are also subject to NFA regulation, including requirements pertaining to cybersecurity and supervision, and the NFA examines them for compliance with these requirements as well as compliance with CFTC rules. 
 SEC rules govern the registration and regulation of security-based swap dealers. Security-based swaps are defined as swaps on single securities, single loans or narrow-based baskets or indices of securities. The SEC has adopted a number of rules for security-based swap dealers, including (i) capital, margin and segregation requirements; (ii) record-keeping, financial reporting and notification requirements; (iii) business conduct standards; (iv) regulatory and public trade reporting; and (v) the application of risk mitigation techniques to uncleared portfolios of security-based swaps. Certain of our subsidiaries, including GS Co., GS Bank USA and GSBE, are registered with the SEC as security-based swap dealers and subject to the SEC s regulations regarding security-based swaps. The SEC has proposed additional regulations regarding security-based swaps that would, among other things, require public reporting of large positions in security-based swaps. 
 GS Bank USA and GSBE are also subject to the FRB s swaps margin rules. These rules require the exchange of initial and variation margin in connection with transactions in swaps and security-based swaps that are not cleared through a registered or exempt clearinghouse. GS Bank USA and GSBE are required to post and collect margin in connection with transactions with swap dealers, security-based swap dealers, major swap participants and major security-based swap participants, or financial end users. 
 The CFTC and the SEC have adopted rules relating to cross-border regulation of swaps and security-based swaps, and business conduct and registration requirements. The CFTC and the SEC have entered into agreements with certain non-U.S. regulators regarding the cross-border regulation of derivatives and the mutual recognition of cross-border execution facilities and clearinghouses, and have approved substituted compliance with certain non-U.S. regulations related to certain business conduct requirements and margin rules, among other requirements. The U.S. prudential regulators have not yet made a determination with respect to substituted compliance for transactions subject to non-U.S. margin rules. 

22 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Similar types of regulation have been proposed or adopted in jurisdictions outside the U.S., including in the E.U. and Japan. Under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR), for example, the E.U. and the U.K. have established regulatory requirements relating to portfolio reconciliation and reporting, clearing certain OTC derivatives and margining for uncleared derivatives activities. In addition, under the European Markets in Financial Instruments Directive and Regulation, transactions in certain types of derivatives are required to be executed on regulated platforms or exchanges. 
 The CFTC has adopted rules that limit the size of positions in physical commodity derivatives that can be held by any entity, or any group of affiliates or other parties trading under common ownership or control. The CFTC position limits apply to futures on physical commodities and options on such futures, apply to both physically and cash settled positions and to swaps that are economically equivalent to such futures and options. The position limit rules initially impose limits in the spot month only (i.e., during the delivery period for the physical commodities, which is typically a period of several days). CFTC spot and non-spot month limits will continue to apply to futures on certain legacy agricultural commodities. 
 J. Aron is authorized by the U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) to sell wholesale physical power at market-based rates. As a FERC-authorized power marketer, J. Aron is subject to regulation under the U.S. Federal Power Act and FERC regulations and to the oversight of FERC. As a result of our investing activities, Group Inc. is also an exempt holding company under the U.S. Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005 and applicable FERC rules. 
 In addition, as a result of our power-related and commodities activities, we are subject to energy, environmental and other governmental laws and regulations, as described in Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Our commodities activities, particularly our physical commodities activities, subject us to extensive regulation and involve certain potential risks, including environmental, reputational and other risks that may expose us to significant liabilities and costs in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 
 GS Co. is registered with the CFTC as a futures commission merchant, and several of our subsidiaries, including GS Co., are registered with the CFTC and act as commodity pool operators and commodity trading advisors. Goldman Sachs Financial Markets, L.P. is registered with the SEC as an OTC derivatives dealer. 

Asset Management and Wealth Management Regulation 
 Our asset management and wealth management businesses are subject to extensive oversight by regulators around the world relating to, among other things, the fair treatment of clients, safeguarding of client assets, offerings of funds, marketing activities, transactions among affiliates and our management of client funds. 
 The federal securities laws impose fiduciary duties on investment advisers, including GS Co., Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. and our other U.S. registered investment adviser subsidiaries. Additionally, SEC rules require investment advisers to provide a standardized, short-form disclosure highlighting services offered, applicable standards of conduct, fees and costs, the differences between brokerage and advisory services, and any conflicts of interest. Several states have adopted or proposed adopting uniform fiduciary duty standards applicable to advisers. 
 In November 2022, the SEC proposed, among other things, amendments to the rules governing liquidity risk management and swing pricing of open-end management investment companies such as mutual funds. 
 In August 2023, the SEC adopted final private fund adviser reform rules under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 requiring for the first time private fund advisers registered with the SEC to, among other things, provide investors with quarterly (within 45 days, or 75 days for fund of funds, after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters) and annual (within 90 days, or 120 days for fund of funds, after the end of each fiscal year) statements detailing information regarding private fund performance, fees and expenses; obtain an annual audit for each private equity fund; and obtain a fairness opinion or valuation opinion in connection with an adviser-led secondary transaction. The dates by which private fund advisers must achieve compliance vary by specific rule, with compliance dates through March 2025. Timely compliance with these new quarterly and annual reporting requirements will require us to create or enhance systems and disclosure controls and procedures. 
 The SEC has also adopted a rule that requires certain institutional investment managers that meet or exceed certain specified reporting thresholds to report on a monthly basis specific short position data and short activity data for equity securities. Reporting under this rule will be required beginning in January 2025. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 23 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Certain of our European subsidiaries, including GSBE in the E.U. and GSAMI in the U.K., are subject to MiFID II and/or related regulations (including the U.K. legislation making such regulations part of U.K. law), which govern the approval, organizational, marketing and reporting requirements of E.U. or U.K.-based investment managers and the ability of investment fund managers located outside the E.U. or the U.K. to access those markets. Goldman Sachs Asset Management BV is subject to similar requirements as a management company licensed under the E.U. Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS) Directive and the E.U. Alternative Investment Fund Managers (AIFM) Directive with additional authorizations for certain activities regulated under MiFID II. Our asset management business in the E.U. and the U.K. significantly depends on our ability to delegate parts of our activities to other affiliates. 
 GSAMI is also subject to the prudential regime for U.K. investment firms, the Investment Firms Prudential Regime, which governs the prudential requirements for U.K. investment firms prudentially regulated by the FCA. 
 Consumer Regulation 
 Our U.S. consumer-oriented activities are subject to supervision and regulation by the CFPB with respect to federal consumer protection laws, including laws relating to fair lending and the prohibition of unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in connection with the offer, sale or provision of consumer financial products and services. Our consumer-oriented activities are also subject to various state and local consumer protection laws, rules and regulations, which, among other things, impose obligations relating to marketing, origination, servicing and collections activities in our consumer businesses. Many of these laws, rules and regulations also apply to our small business lending activities, which are also subject to supervision and regulation by federal and state regulators. In addition, our U.K. consumer deposit-taking activities are subject to U.K. consumer protection laws and regulations. 
 Compensation Practices 
 Our compensation practices are subject to oversight by the FRB and, with respect to some of our subsidiaries and employees, by other regulatory bodies worldwide. 

The FSB has released standards for implementation by local regulators that are designed to encourage sound compensation practices at banks and other financial companies. The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies have also provided guidance designed to ensure that incentive compensation arrangements at banking organizations take into account risk and are consistent with safe and sound practices. The guidance sets forth the following three key principles with respect to incentive compensation arrangements: (i) the arrangements should provide employees with incentives that appropriately balance risk and financial results in a manner that does not encourage employees to expose their organizations to imprudent risk; (ii) the arrangements should be compatible with effective controls and risk management; and (iii) the arrangements should be supported by strong corporate governance. The guidance provides that supervisory findings with respect to incentive compensation will be incorporated, as appropriate, into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect its ability to make acquisitions or perform other actions. The guidance also notes that enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements or related risk management, control or governance processes pose a risk to the organization s safety and soundness. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act requires U.S. financial regulators, including the FRB and SEC, to adopt rules on incentive-based payment arrangements at specified regulated entities having at least 1 billion in total assets. The U.S. financial regulators proposed revised rules in 2016, which have not been finalized. In accordance with an SEC rule, securities exchanges have adopted rules mandating, in the case of a restatement, the recovery or clawback of excess incentive-based compensation paid to current or former executive officers and requiring listed issuers to disclose any recovery analysis where recovery is triggered by a restatement. 
 The NYDFS guidance emphasizes that any incentive compensation arrangements tied to employee performance indicators at banking institutions regulated by the NYDFS, including GS Bank USA, must be subject to effective risk management, oversight and control. 
 In the E.U., certain provisions in the CRR and CRD are designed to meet the FSB s compensation standards. These provisions limit the ratio of variable to fixed compensation of all employees at GSBE and of certain employees at our other operating subsidiaries in the E.U., including those employees identified as having a material impact on the risk profile of regulated entities. CRR II and CRD V amended certain aspects of these rules, including, by increasing minimum variable compensation deferral periods. 
 The E.U. and the U.K. have each also introduced investment firm regimes, including rules regulating compensation for certain persons providing services to certain investment funds. 

24 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Bribery Rules and Regulations 
 The U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, as amended (BSA), including by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, contains anti-money laundering and financial transparency laws and authorizes or mandates the promulgation of various regulations applicable to financial institutions, including standards for verifying client identification at account opening, and obligations to monitor client transactions and report suspicious activities. Through these and other provisions, the BSA seeks, among other things, to promote the identification of parties that may be involved in terrorism, money laundering or other suspicious activities. 
 The Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 (AMLA), which amends the BSA, is intended to comprehensively reform and modernize U.S. anti-money laundering laws. Among other things, the AMLA codifies a risk-based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions; requires the U.S. Department of the Treasury to periodically promulgate priorities for anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism policy; requires the development of standards by the U.S. Department of the Treasury for testing technology and internal processes for BSA compliance; expands enforcement- and investigation-related authority, including a significant expansion in the available sanctions for certain BSA violations; and expands BSA whistleblower incentives and protections. Many of the statutory provisions in the AMLA will require additional rulemakings, reports and other measures, and the impact of the AMLA will depend on, among other things, rulemaking and implementation guidance. The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), a bureau of the U.S. Department of Treasury, has issued the priorities for anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism policy, as required under the AMLA. The priorities include: corruption, cybercrime, terrorist financing, fraud, transnational crime, drug trafficking, human trafficking and proliferation financing. 
 We are subject to other laws and regulations worldwide relating to anti-money laundering and financial transparency, including the E.U. Anti-Money Laundering Directives. In addition, we are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the U.K. Bribery Act and other laws and regulations worldwide regarding corrupt and illegal payments, or providing anything of value, for the benefit of government officials and others. The scope of the types of payments or other benefits covered by these laws is very broad. These laws and regulations include requirements relating to the identification of clients, monitoring for and reporting suspicious transactions, monitoring direct and indirect payments to politically exposed persons, providing information to regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies, and sharing information with other financial institutions. 

Privacy and Cybersecurity Regulation 
 Our businesses are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the privacy of information regarding clients, employees and others. These include, but are not limited to, the GLB Act, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, the E.U. s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the U.K. s Data Protection Act 2018 and U.K. GDPR, the Swiss Federal Data Protection Act, the Japanese Personal Information Protection Act, the Personal Information Protection Law of the People s Republic of China, and the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act. Generally, privacy laws impose obligations with regard to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information and require public disclosure of privacy practices. Some privacy laws offer individuals certain rights about how their personal information is processed, provide for significant penalties for non-compliance, and, under certain circumstances, impose requirements for transfers of personal data across national borders. Several non-U.S. jurisdictions have enacted, or are proposing, privacy and data protection laws, including India, which enacted a privacy protection law in August 2023. 
 In March 2023, the SEC proposed to amend Regulation S-P that implements the GLB Act and Regulation Systems Compliance and Integrity Regulation (SCI). The proposed amendments to Regulation S-P would require broker-dealers, investment companies and investment advisers registered with the SEC to adopt written policies and procedures for incident response programs to address unauthorized access to or use of customer information. The amended Regulation S-P would require covered entities to notify within 30 days individuals affected by an incident involving sensitive customer information and provide them with details about the incident and other information intended to help affected individuals respond appropriately. The proposed amendments to Regulation SCI would, among other things, expand the types of entities covered by the regulation, require additional policies and procedures to address cybersecurity risks, and require disclosure of additional types of cybersecurity events to the SEC. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 25 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Our businesses are also subject to laws and regulations governing cybersecurity and related risks, and which require regulatory disclosures, and, in some instances, individual disclosures, of certain security incidents. These include, but are not limited to, the NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies. The NYDFS also requires financial institutions regulated by the NYDFS, including GS Bank USA, to, among other things, (i) establish and maintain a cybersecurity program designed to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of their information systems; (ii) implement and maintain a written cybersecurity policy setting forth policies and procedures for the protection of their information systems and nonpublic information; and (iii) designate a Chief Information Security Officer. On November 1, 2023, the NYDFS adopted amendments to its cybersecurity regulations that will impose heightened or additional requirements with respect to cybersecurity incident notifications, risk management and governance. 
 In January 2023, the E.U. Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) became effective and will apply from January 2025. DORA requires E.U. financial entities, such as GSBE, to have a comprehensive governance and control framework for the management of information and communications technology risk. 
 In October 2023, the CFPB issued a proposed rule regarding personal financial data rights that would apply to financial institutions that offer consumer deposit accounts such as GS Bank USA. Covered financial institutions would be required to provide consumers electronic access to 24 months of transaction data and certain account information under the proposed rule and would be prohibited from imposing any fees or charges for maintaining or providing access to such data. The proposed rule would also impose data accuracy, retention and other obligations. We will continue to evaluate the proposed rule and the impact on GS Bank USA. 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Cybersecurity Risk Management in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10 K for further information about our cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance. 

Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 
 Policymakers, lawmakers and regulators in the U.S. and other jurisdictions have recently increased their focus on ESG-related risk oversight, disclosure, and practices at financial institutions and other companies. 
 In October 2023, the federal bank regulatory agencies jointly issued principles for climate-related financial risk management for large financial institutions, which apply to regulated financial institutions with more than 100 billion in total consolidated assets, including us. The principles are intended to support efforts by large financial institutions to focus on key aspects of climate-related financial risk management and consist of six general principles: (1) governance; (2) policies, procedures, and limits; (3) strategic planning; (4) risk management; (5) data, risk measurement, and reporting; and (6) scenario analysis. In September 2023, the SEC adopted amendments to Rule 35d-1 (Names Rule) under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The previous Names Rule generally required a fund with a name suggesting a focus in a particular type of investment, or in investments in a particular industry or geographic region, to adopt a policy to invest at least 80 of the value of its assets in the type of investment, or in investments in the industry, country or geographic region, suggested by its name. The amendments expand such 80 investment policy to apply to any fund name with terms suggesting that the fund focuses in investments that have, or investments whose issuers have, particular characteristics, including names that suggest the fund incorporates ESG factors in its investment decisions. In May 2022, the SEC proposed a rule that would require enhanced disclosures by certain investment advisers and investment companies about their ESG investment practices. In March 2022, the SEC proposed a rule on the enhancement and standardization of climate-related disclosures for investors. The proposal would require public issuers, including Group Inc., to significantly expand the scope of climate-related disclosures in their SEC filings. 
 Several states in which we operate have enacted or proposed statutes, regulations or guidance addressing climate change and other ESG issues. For example, in December 2022, the NYDFS proposed guidance on climate-related financial risk management applicable to NYDFS-regulated banking and mortgage organizations, including GS Bank USA. The proposed guidance would address material financial risks related to climate change faced by these organizations in the context of risk assessment, risk management, and risk appetite setting. 

26 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

In December 2021, the FCA introduced mandatory Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)-aligned disclosure requirements for certain FCA-regulated firms. GSI and GSAMI published their first TCFD entity-level report for in-scope asset and wealth management activity due under these requirements in 2023. We continue to assess the impact of other ESG-related regulatory frameworks that will, or are proposed to, in the future apply to our FCA- and/or PRA-regulated subsidiaries, including the rules adopted by the FCA in December 2023 on sustainability disclosure requirements and investment labels. Our PRA-regulated banking subsidiaries are also subject to the PRA s supervisory expectations for the management of climate-related financial risks, including with respect to governance, risk management, scenario analysis and disclosure. Certain of our E.U. and non-E.U. entities will be subject to new sustainability-related laws being implemented by E.U. policymakers and member states. In particular, beginning with 2024 year-end reporting, we are subject to extensive disclosure requirements of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). The CSRD will significantly expand the scope of ESG disclosure required of us. In addition, the E.U. s proposed Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD), if and when adopted, may subject certain of our E.U. and non-E.U. entities to additional due diligence obligations and governance requirements with respect to their own operations and activities of their external suppliers in their upstream value chain. Group Inc. will also be required to disclose its transition plan by 2030 (planned out in five-year increments) to align its business strategy with limiting global warming to 1.5 C. The CSDDD remains subject to finalization and adoption by E.U. policymakers, and we are continuing to evaluate its potential impact. Our regulated banking subsidiaries in the E.U. are also subject to supervisory expectations and potential enforcement actions for, among others, the management of climate-related financial risks and related disclosure. 

Information about our Executive Officers 
 Set forth below are the name, age, present title, principal occupation and certain biographical information for the executive officers who have been appointed by, and serve at the pleasure of, Group Inc. s Board. 
 Philip R. Berlinski, 47 
 Mr. Berlinski has been Global Treasurer since October 2021; he also serves as Chief Executive Officer of Goldman Sachs Bank USA and has served as interim Global Co-Head or Head of Platform Solutions since June 2023. He had previously served as Chief Operating Officer of Global Equities from May 2019. Prior to that, he was Co-Head of Global Equities Trading and Execution Services from September 2016 to May 2019. 
 Denis P. Coleman III, 50 
 Mr. Coleman has been Chief Financial Officer since January 2022. He had previously served as Deputy Chief Financial Officer from September 2021 and, prior to that, Co-Head of the Global Financing Group from June 2018 to September 2021. From 2016 to June 2018, he was Head of the EMEA Financing Group, and from 2009 to 2016 he was Head of EMEA Credit Finance in London. 
 Sheara J. Fredman, 48 
 Ms. Fredman has been Controller and Chief Accounting Officer since November 2019. She had previously served as Head of Regulatory Controllers from September 2017 and, prior to that, she had served as Global Product Controller. 
 Brian J. Lee, 57 
 Mr. Lee has been Chief Risk Officer since November 2019. He had previously served as Controller and Chief Accounting Officer from March 2017 and, prior to that, he had served as Deputy Controller from 2014. 
 John F.W. Rogers, 67 
 Mr. Rogers has been an Executive Vice President since April 2011 and Secretary to the Board since December 2001. He also served as Chief of Staff from December 2001 to September 2023. 
 Kathryn H. Ruemmler, 52 
 Ms. Ruemmler has been the Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel and Secretary since March 2021, and was previously Global Head of Regulatory Affairs from April 2020. From June 2014 to April 2020, Ms. Ruemmler was a Litigation Partner at Latham Watkins LLP, a global law firm, where she was Global Chair of the White Collar Defense and Investigations practice. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 27 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

David Solomon, 62 
 Mr. Solomon has been Chairman of the Board since January 2019 and Chief Executive Officer and a director since October 2018. He had previously served as President and Chief or Co-Chief Operating Officer from January 2017 and Co-Head of the Investment Banking Division from July 2006 to December 2016. 
 John E. Waldron, 54 
 Mr. Waldron has been President and Chief Operating Officer since October 2018. He had previously served as Co-Head of the Investment Banking Division from December 2014. Prior to that he was Global Head of Investment Banking Services/Client Coverage for the Investment Banking Division and had oversight of the Investment Banking Services Leadership Group, and from 2007 to 2009 was Global Co-Head of the Financial Sponsors Group. 
 
 Available Information 
 Our internet address is www.goldmansachs.com and the investor relations section of our website is located at www.goldmansachs.com/investor-relations , where we make available, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as well as proxy statements, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Also posted on our website, and available in print upon request of any shareholder to our Investor Relations Department (Investor Relations), are our certificate of incorporation and by-laws, charters for our Audit, Risk, Compensation, Corporate Governance and Nominating, and Public Responsibilities Committees, our Policy Regarding Director Independence Determinations, our Policy on Reporting of Concerns Regarding Accounting and Other Matters, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics governing our directors, officers and employees. Within the time period required by the SEC, we will post on our website any amendment to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any waiver applicable to any executive officer, director or senior financial officer. 

Our website also includes information about (i) purchases and sales of our equity securities by our executive officers and directors; (ii) disclosure relating to certain non-GAAP financial measures (as defined in the SEC s Regulation G) that we may make public orally, telephonically, by webcast, by broadcast or by other means; (iii) our U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Stress Tests results; (iv) the public portion of our and GS Bank USA s resolution plan submissions; (v) our Pillar 3 disclosure; (vi) our average daily LCR; (vii) our People Strategy Report; (viii) our Sustainability Report; (ix) our TCFD Report; and (x) our average daily NSFR. 
 Investor Relations can be contacted at The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 200 West Street, 29th Floor, New York, New York 10282, Attn: Investor Relations, telephone: 212-902-0300, e-mail: gs-investor-relations@gs.com . We use the following, as well as other social media channels, to disclose public information to investors, the media and others: 
 Our website www.goldmansachs.com ); 
 Our X, formerly known as Twitter, account x.com/GoldmanSachs ); and 
 Our Instagram account instagram.com/GoldmanSachs ). 
 Our officers may use similar social media channels to disclose public information. It is possible that certain information we or our officers post on our website and on social media could be deemed material, and we encourage investors, the media and others interested in Goldman Sachs to review the business and financial information we or our officers post on our website and on the social media channels identified above. The information on our website and those social media channels is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 We have included in this Form 10-K, and our management may make, statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts or statements of current conditions, but instead represent only our beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control. 
 By identifying these statements for you in this manner, we are alerting you to the possibility that our actual results, financial condition, liquidity and capital actions may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results, financial condition, liquidity and capital actions in these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our results, financial condition, liquidity and capital actions to differ from those in these statements include, among others, those described below and in Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 

28 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

These statements may relate to, among other things, (i) our future plans and results, including our target return on average common shareholders equity (ROE), return on average tangible common shareholders equity (ROTE), efficiency ratio, CET1 capital ratio and firmwide assets under supervision (AUS) inflows, and how they can be achieved, (ii) trends in or growth opportunities for our businesses, including the timing, costs, profitability, benefits and other aspects of business and strategic initiatives and their impact on our efficiency ratio, (iii) our level of future compensation expense, including as a percentage of both operating expenses and net revenues, net of provision for credit losses, (iv) our Investment banking fees backlog and future results, (v) our expected interest income and interest expense, (vi) our expense savings and strategic locations initiatives, (vii) expenses we may incur, including future litigation expense, (viii) the projected growth of our deposits and other funding, asset liability management and funding strategies and related interest expense savings, (ix) our business initiatives, including transaction banking, (x) our planned 2024 benchmark debt issuances, (xi) the amount, composition and location of global core liquid assets (GCLA) we expect to hold, (xii) our credit exposures, (xiii) our expected provision for credit losses, (xiv) the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, (xv) the narrowing of our consumer business, (xvi) the objectives and effectiveness of our business continuity planning, information security program, risk management and liquidity policies, (xvii) our resolution plan and strategy and their implications for stakeholders, (xviii) the design and effectiveness of our resolution capital and liquidity models and triggers and alerts framework, (xix) the results of stress tests, the effect of changes to regulations, and our future status, activities or reporting under banking and financial regulation, (xx) our expected tax rate, (xxi) the future state of our liquidity and regulatory capital ratios, and our prospective capital distributions (including dividends and repurchases), (xxii) our expected SCB and G-SIB surcharge, (xxiii) legal proceedings, governmental investigations or other contingencies, (xxiv) the asset recovery guarantee and our remediation activities related to our 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) settlements, (xxv) the effectiveness of our management of our human capital, including our diversity goals, (xxvi) our sustainability and carbon neutrality targets and goals, (xxvii) future inflation, (xxviii) the impact of Russia s invasion of Ukraine and related sanctions and other developments on our business, results and financial position, (xxix) our ability to sell, and the terms of any proposed sales of, Asset Wealth Management historical principal investments and pending sale of GreenSky, (xxx) our agreement with GM regarding a process to transition their credit card program to another issuer to be selected by GM, (xxxi) the impact of the conflicts in the Middle East, (xxxii) our ability to manage our commercial real estate exposures, (xxxiii) the profitability of Platform Solutions, and (xxxiv) the effectiveness of our cybersecurity risk management process. 

Statements about our target ROE, ROTE, efficiency ratio and expense savings, and how they can be achieved, are based on our current expectations regarding our business prospects and are subject to the risk that we may be unable to achieve our targets due to, among other things, changes in our business mix, lower profitability of new business initiatives, increases in technology and other costs to launch and bring new business initiatives to scale, and increases in liquidity requirements. 
 Statements about our target ROE, ROTE and CET1 capital ratio, and how they can be achieved, are based on our current expectations regarding the capital requirements applicable to us and are subject to the risk that our actual capital requirements may be higher than currently anticipated because of, among other factors, changes in the regulatory capital requirements applicable to us resulting from changes in regulations, including as a result of the July 2023 proposal to revise the U.S. bank regulatory capital rules, or the interpretation or application of existing regulations or changes in the nature and composition of our activities. Statements about our firmwide AUS inflows targets are based on our current expectations regarding our fundraising prospects and are subject to the risk that actual inflows may be lower than expected due to, among other factors, competition from other asset managers, changes in investment preferences and changes in economic or market conditions. 
 Statements about the timing, costs, profitability, benefits and other aspects of business and expense savings initiatives, the level and composition of more durable revenues and increases in market share and the narrowing of our consumer business are based on our current expectations regarding our ability to implement these initiatives and actual results may differ, possibly materially, from our current expectations due to, among other things, a delay in the timing of these initiatives, increased competition and an inability to reduce expenses and grow businesses with durable revenues or to exit certain consumer businesses. 
 Statements about the level of future compensation expense, including as a percentage of both operating expenses and net revenues, net of provision for credit losses, and our efficiency ratio are subject to the risks that the compensation and other costs to operate our businesses may be greater than currently expected. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 29 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Statements about our Investment banking fees backlog and future results are subject to the risk that such transactions may be modified or may not be completed at all, and related net revenues may not be realized or may be materially less than expected. Important factors that could have such a result include, for underwriting transactions, a decline or weakness in general economic conditions, an outbreak or worsening of hostilities, including the escalation of the conflicts in the Middle East or the continuation of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, continuing volatility in the securities markets or an adverse development with respect to the issuer of the securities and, for advisory transactions, a decline in the securities markets, an inability to obtain adequate financing, an adverse development with respect to a party to the transaction or a failure to obtain a required regulatory approval. 
 Statements about the projected growth of our deposits and other funding, asset liability management and funding strategies and related interest expense savings, and our platform solutions business, are subject to the risk that actual growth, savings and profitability may differ, possibly materially, from that currently anticipated due to, among other things, changes in interest rates and competition from other similar products. 
 Statements about planned 2024 benchmark debt issuances and the amount, composition and location of GCLA we expect to hold are subject to the risk that actual issuances and GCLA levels may differ, possibly materially, from that currently expected due to changes in market conditions, business opportunities or our funding and projected liquidity needs. 
 Statements about our expected provision for credit losses are subject to the risk that actual credit losses may differ and our expectations may change, possibly materially, from that currently anticipated due to, among other things, changes to the composition of our loan portfolio and changes in the economic environment in future periods and our forecasts of future economic conditions, as well as changes in our models, policies and other management judgments. 

Statements about our future effective income tax rate are subject to the risk that it may differ from the anticipated rate indicated in such statements, possibly materially, due to, among other things, changes in the tax rates applicable to us, changes in our earnings mix, our profitability and entities in which we generate profits, the assumptions we have made in forecasting our expected tax rate, the interpretation or application of existing tax statutes and regulations, as well as any corporate tax legislation that may be enacted or any guidance that may be issued by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or in the other jurisdictions in which we operate (including Global Anti-Base Erosion (Pillar II) guidance). 
 Statements about the future state of our liquidity and regulatory capital ratios (including our SCB and G-SIB surcharge), and our prospective capital distributions (including dividends and repurchases), are subject to the risk that our actual liquidity, regulatory capital ratios and capital distributions may differ, possibly materially, from what is currently expected due to, among other things, the need to use capital to support clients, increased regulatory requirements resulting from changes in regulations or the interpretation or application of existing regulations, results of applicable supervisory stress tests, changes to the composition of our balance sheet and the impact of taxes on share repurchases. Statements about the estimated impact of proposed, but not finalized, capital rules are subject to change as we continue to analyze the proposals, the final rules may differ from the proposed rules and our balance sheet composition will change. As a consequence, we may underestimate the actual impact of the final rules (including any final rules in respect of the July 2023 proposal from the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies). 
 Statements about the risk exposure related to the asset recovery guarantee provided to the Government of Malaysia are subject to the risk that we may be unsuccessful in our arbitration against the Government of Malaysia. Statements about the progress or the status of remediation activities relating to 1MDB are based on our expectations regarding our current remediation plans. Accordingly, our ability to complete the remediation activities may change, possibly materially, from what is currently expected. 

30 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Statements about our objectives in management of our human capital, including our diversity goals, are based on our current expectations and are subject to the risk that we may not achieve these objectives and goals due to, among other things, competition in recruiting and attracting diverse candidates and unsuccessful efforts in retaining diverse employees. 
 Statements about our sustainability and carbon neutrality, net-zero or other sustainability-related targets and goals are based on our current expectations and are subject to the risk that we may not achieve these targets and goals due to, among other things, global socio-demographic and economic trends, energy prices, lack of technological innovations, climate-related conditions and weather events, legislative and regulatory changes, consumer behavior and demand, and other unforeseen events or conditions. 
 Statements about future inflation are subject to the risk that actual inflation may differ, possibly materially, due to, among other things, changes in economic growth, unemployment or consumer demand. 
 Statements about the impact of Russia s invasion of Ukraine and related sanctions, the impact of the conflicts in the Middle East and other developments on our business, results and financial position are subject to the risks that hostilities may escalate and expand, that sanctions may increase and that the actual impact may differ, possibly materially, from what is currently expected. 
 Statements about the proposed sales of Asset Wealth Management historical principal investments are subject to the risks that buyers may not bid on these assets or bid at levels, or with terms, that are unacceptable to us, and that the performance of these activities may deteriorate as a result of the pending sales, and statements about the pending sale of GreenSky and our agreement with GM regarding a process to transition their credit card program to another issuer to be selected by GM are subject to the risk that the transactions may not close on the anticipated timelines or at all, including due to a failure to obtain requisite regulatory approvals. 
 Statements about the effectiveness of our cybersecurity risk management process are subject to the risk that measures we have implemented to safeguard our systems (and third parties that we interface with) may not be sufficient to prevent a successful cybersecurity attack or a material security breach that results in the disclosure of confidential information or otherwise disrupts our operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses. 
 The following is a summary of some of the more important factors that could affect our businesses: 
 Market 
 Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and broader economic conditions. 
 Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by declining asset values, particularly where we have net long positions, receive fees based on the value of assets managed, or receive or post collateral. 
 Our market-making activities have been and may in the future be affected by changes in the levels of market volatility. 
 Our investment banking, client intermediation, asset management and wealth management businesses have been adversely affected and may in the future be adversely affected by market uncertainty or lack of confidence among investors and CEOs due to declines in economic activity and other unfavorable economic, geopolitical or market conditions. 
 Our asset management and wealth management businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by the poor investment performance of our investment products or a client preference for products other than those which we offer or for products that generate lower fees. 
 Inflation has had, and could continue to have, a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Liquidity 
 Our liquidity, profitability and businesses may be adversely affected by an inability to access the debt capital markets or to sell assets. 
 Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by disruptions or lack of liquidity in the credit markets, including reduced access to credit and higher costs of obtaining credit. 
 Reductions in our credit ratings or an increase in our credit spreads may adversely affect our liquidity and cost of funding. 
 Group Inc. is a holding company and its liquidity depends on payments and loans from its subsidiaries, many of which are subject to legal, regulatory and other restrictions on providing funds or assets to Group Inc. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 31 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Credit 
 Our businesses, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of or defaults by third parties. 
 Concentration of risk increases the potential for significant losses in our market-making, underwriting, investing and financing activities. 
 Derivative transactions and delayed documentation or settlements may expose us to credit risk, unexpected risks and potential losses. 
 Operational 
 A failure in our operational systems or human error, malfeasance or other misconduct, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses. 
 A failure or disruption in our infrastructure, or in the operational systems or infrastructure of third parties, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, damage our reputation and cause losses. 
 The development and use of artificial intelligence (AI) present risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business. 
 A failure to protect our computer systems, networks and information, and our clients information, against cyber attacks and similar threats could impair our ability to conduct our businesses, result in the disclosure, theft or destruction of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses. 
 We may incur losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies. 
 Legal and Regulatory 
 Our businesses and those of our clients are subject to extensive and pervasive regulation around the world. 
 A failure to appropriately identify and address potential conflicts of interest could adversely affect our businesses. 
 We may be adversely affected by increased governmental and regulatory scrutiny or negative publicity. 
 Substantial civil or criminal liability or significant regulatory action against us could have material adverse financial effects or cause us significant reputational harm, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects. 
 In conducting our businesses around the world, we are subject to political, legal, regulatory and other risks that are inherent in operating in many countries. 
 The application of regulatory strategies and requirements in the U.S. and in non-U.S. jurisdictions to facilitate the orderly resolution of large financial institutions could create greater risk of loss for Group Inc. s security holders. 

The application of Group Inc. s proposed resolution strategy could result in greater losses for Group Inc. s security holders. 
 Our commodities activities, particularly our physical commodities activities, subject us to extensive regulation and involve certain potential risks, including environmental, reputational and other risks that may expose us to significant liabilities and costs. 
 Competition 
 Our results have been and may in the future be adversely affected by the composition of our client base. 
 The financial services industry is highly competitive. 
 The growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new products and technologies, including trading and distributed ledger technologies, including cryptocurrencies, has increased competition. 
 Our businesses would be adversely affected if we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees. 
 Market Developments and General Business Environment 
 Our businesses, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations have been and may in the future be adversely affected by unforeseen or catastrophic events, including pandemics, terrorist attacks, wars, extreme weather events or other natural disasters. 
 Climate change could disrupt our businesses and adversely affect client activity levels and the creditworthiness of our clients and counterparties, and our actual or perceived action or inaction relating to climate change could result in damage to our reputation. 
 Our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations have been adversely affected by disruptions in the global economy caused by conflicts, and related sanctions and other developments. 
 Certain of our businesses and our funding instruments may be adversely affected by changes in reference rates, currencies, indexes, baskets or ETFs to which products we offer or funding that we raise are linked. 
 Our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely affected by disruptions in the global economy caused by escalating tensions between the U.S. and China. 
 We face enhanced risks as we operate in new locations and transact with a broader array of clients and counterparties. 
 We may not be able to fully realize the expected benefits or synergies from acquisitions or other business initiatives in the time frames we expect, or at all. 

32 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The following are detailed descriptions of our Risk Factors summarized above: 
 Market 
 Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and broader economic conditions. 
 Many of our businesses, by their nature, do not produce predictable earnings, and all of our businesses are materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally, both directly and through their impact on client activity levels and creditworthiness. These conditions can change suddenly and negatively. 
 Our financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which our businesses operate. A favorable business environment is generally characterized by, among other factors, high global gross domestic product growth, regulatory and market conditions that result in transparent, liquid and efficient capital markets, low inflation, business, consumer and investor confidence, stable geopolitical conditions and strong business earnings. 
 Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by: low levels of or declines in economic growth, business activity or investor, business or consumer confidence; concerns over a potential recession; changes in consumer spending or borrowing patterns; pandemics; limitations on the availability or increases in the cost of credit and capital; illiquid markets; increases in inflation, interest rates, exchange rate or basic commodity price volatility or default rates; high levels of inflation or stagflation; concerns about sovereign defaults; uncertainty concerning fiscal or monetary policy, government shutdowns, debt ceilings or funding; the extent of and uncertainty about potential increases in tax rates and other regulatory changes; limitations on international trade and travel; laws and regulations that limit trading in, or the issuance of, securities of issuers outside their domestic markets; outbreaks or worsening of domestic or international tensions or hostilities, terrorism, nuclear proliferation, cybersecurity threats or attacks and other forms of disruption to or curtailment of global communication, energy transmission or transportation networks or other geopolitical instability or uncertainty; corporate, political or other scandals that reduce investor confidence in capital markets; extreme weather events or other natural disasters; or a combination of these or other factors. 

The financial services industry and the securities and other financial markets have been materially and adversely affected in the past by significant declines in the values of nearly all asset classes, by a serious lack of liquidity and by high levels of borrower defaults. In addition, concerns about actual or potential increases in interest rates, inflation and other borrowing costs, a public health emergency, sovereign debt risk and its impact on the relevant sovereign banking system, and limitations on international trade, have, at times, negatively impacted the levels of client activity. 
 General uncertainty about economic, political and market activities, and the scope, timing and impact of regulatory reform, as well as weak consumer, investor and CEO confidence resulting in large part from such uncertainty, has in the past negatively impacted client activity, which has in the past adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect many of our businesses. Periods of low volatility and periods of high volatility combined with a lack of liquidity have at times had an unfavorable impact on our market-making businesses. 
 Changes, or proposed changes, to U.S. international trade and investment policies, particularly with important trading partners, have in recent years negatively impacted financial markets. Continued or escalating tensions may result in further actions taken by the U.S. or other countries that could disrupt international trade and investment and adversely affect financial markets. Those actions could include, among others, the implementation of sanctions, tariffs or foreign exchange measures, the large-scale sale of U.S. Treasury securities or other restrictions on cross-border trade, investment, or transfer of information or technology. Such developments have in the past affected and could in the future adversely affect our or our clients businesses. 
 Financial institution returns may be negatively impacted by increased funding costs due in part to the lack of perceived government support of such institutions in the event of future financial crises relative to financial institutions in countries in which governmental support is maintained. In addition, liquidity in the financial markets has in the past been, and could in the future be, negatively impacted as market participants and market practices and structures adjust to evolving regulatory frameworks. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 33 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

In June 2023, the U.S. federal government suspended the federal debt limit until 2025. If Congress does not raise the debt ceiling prior to 2025, the U.S. could default on its obligations, including Treasury securities that play an integral role in financial markets. A default by the U.S. could result in unprecedented market volatility and illiquidity, heightened operational risks relating to the clearance and settlement of transactions, margin and other disputes with clients and counterparties, an adverse impact to investors including money market funds that invest in U.S. Treasuries, downgrades in the U.S. credit rating, further increases in interest rates and borrowing costs and a recession in the U.S. or other economies. Continued uncertainty relating to the debt ceiling could result in downgrades of the U.S. credit rating, which could adversely affect market conditions, lead to margin disputes, further increases in interest rates and borrowing costs and necessitate significant operational changes among market participants, including us. A downgrade of the U.S. federal government s credit rating could also materially and adversely affect the market for repurchase agreements, securities borrowing and lending, and other financings typically collateralized by U.S. Treasury or agency obligations. Further, the fair value, liquidity and credit ratings of securities issued by, or other obligations of, agencies of the U.S. government or related to the U.S. government or its agencies, as well as municipal bonds could be similarly adversely affected. An increasing frequency of government shutdowns, or near shutdowns, in the U.S. could also lead to uncertainty as to the continued funding of the U.S. government, which could, in turn, adversely affect the credit ratings of the U.S. and the market for U.S. Treasury or agency obligations. 
 In 2024, numerous elections will be held globally. As a result, there may be significant market uncertainty in the periods leading up to and/or following the elections and this could cause higher volatility, lower levels of market activity and other adverse conditions for our businesses. The outcomes of the elections could also result in changes in policy, which could also have adverse effects on us or the business environment in which we operate more generally. 

Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by declining asset values, particularly where we have net long positions, receive fees based on the value of assets managed, or receive or post collateral. 
 Many of our businesses have net long positions in debt securities, loans, derivatives, mortgages, equities (including private equity and real estate) and most other asset classes. These include positions we take when we act as a principal to facilitate our clients activities, including our exchange-based market-making activities, or commit large amounts of capital to maintain positions in interest rate and credit products, as well as through our currencies, commodities, equities and mortgage-related activities. In addition, we invest in similar asset classes. Substantially all of our investing and market-making positions and a portion of our loans are marked-to-market on a daily or other periodic basis and declines in asset values directly and promptly impact our earnings, unless we have effectively hedged our exposures to those declines. 
 In certain circumstances (particularly in the case of credit products, including leveraged loans, and private equities or other securities that are not freely tradable or lack established and liquid trading markets), it may not be possible or economic to hedge our exposures and, to the extent that we do so, the hedge may be ineffective or may greatly reduce our ability to profit from increases in the values of the assets. Sudden declines and significant volatility in the prices of assets have in the past substantially curtailed or eliminated, and may in the future substantially curtail or eliminate, the trading markets for certain assets, which may make it difficult to sell, hedge or value such assets. We may incur losses from time to time as trading markets deteriorate or cease to function, including with respect to loan commitments we have made or securities offerings we have underwritten. The inability to sell or effectively hedge assets reduces our ability to limit losses in such positions and the difficulty in valuing assets has in the past negatively affected, and may in the future negatively affect, our capital, liquidity or leverage ratios, our funding costs and our ability to deploy capital. 
 In our exchange-based market-making activities, we are obligated by stock exchange rules to maintain an orderly market, including by purchasing securities in a declining market. In markets where asset values are declining and in volatile markets, this results in losses and an increased need for liquidity. 
 We receive asset-based management fees based on the value of our clients portfolios or investment in funds managed by us and, in some cases, we also receive incentive fees based on increases in the value of such investments. Declines in asset values would ordinarily reduce the value of our clients portfolios or fund assets, which in turn would typically reduce the fees we earn for managing such assets. 

34 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

We post collateral to support our obligations and receive collateral that supports the obligations of our clients and counterparties. When the value of the assets posted as collateral or the credit ratings of the party posting collateral decline, the party posting the collateral may need to provide additional collateral or, if possible, reduce its trading position. An example of such a situation is a margin call in connection with a brokerage account. Therefore, declines in the value of asset classes used as collateral mean that either the cost of funding positions is increased or the size of positions is decreased. If we are the party providing collateral, this can increase our costs and reduce our profitability and if we are the party receiving collateral, this can also reduce our profitability by reducing the level of business done with our clients and counterparties. 
 In addition, volatile or less liquid markets increase the difficulty of valuing assets, which can lead to costly and time-consuming disputes over asset values and the level of required collateral, as well as increased credit risk to the recipient of the collateral due to delays in receiving adequate collateral. In cases where we foreclose on collateral, sudden declines in the value or liquidity of the collateral have in the past resulted in, and may in the future result in, significant losses to us, especially where there is a single type of collateral supporting the obligation. In addition, we have been and may in the future be subject to claims that the foreclosure was not permitted under the legal documents, was conducted in an improper manner, including in violation of law, or caused a client or counterparty to go out of business. 
 Our market-making activities have been and may in the future be affected by changes in the levels of market volatility. 
 Certain of our market-making activities depend on market volatility to provide trading and arbitrage opportunities to our clients, and decreases in volatility have reduced and may in the future reduce these opportunities and the level of client activity associated with them and have adversely affected and may in the future adversely affect the results of these activities. Increased volatility, while it can increase trading volumes and spreads, also increases risk as measured by Value-at-Risk (VaR) and increases risks in connection with our market-making activities and can cause us to reduce our inventory. Limiting the size of our market-making positions can adversely affect our profitability. In periods when volatility is increasing, but asset values are declining significantly, it may not be possible to sell assets at all or it may only be possible to do so at steep discounts. In those circumstances, we have been and may in the future be forced to either take on additional risk or to realize losses in order to decrease our VaR. In addition, increases in volatility increase the level of our RWAs, which increases the amount of capital that we are required to hold, and this can reduce our profitability and reduce our ability to distribute capital to our shareholders. 

Our investment banking, client intermediation, asset management and wealth management businesses have been adversely affected and may in the future be adversely affected by market uncertainty or lack of confidence among investors and CEOs due to declines in economic activity and other unfavorable economic, geopolitical or market conditions. 
 Our investment banking business has been and may in the future be adversely affected by market conditions. Poor economic conditions and other uncertain geopolitical conditions may adversely affect and have in the past adversely affected investor and CEO confidence, resulting in significant industry-wide declines in the size and number of underwritings and of advisory transactions, which would likely have and have in the past had an adverse effect on our revenues and our profit margins. In particular, because a significant portion of our investment banking revenues is derived from our participation in large transactions, a decline in the number of large transactions has in the past and would in the future adversely affect our investment banking business. Similarly, in recent years, cross-border initial public offerings and other securities offerings have accounted for a significant proportion of new issuance activity. Legislative, regulatory or other changes that limit trading in, or the issuance of, securities outside the issuers domestic markets, that result in or could result in the delisting or removal of securities from exchanges or indices, have in the past adversely affected and would in the future adversely affect our underwriting and client intermediation businesses. Furthermore, changes, or proposed changes, to international trade and investment policies of the U.S. and other countries could negatively affect market activity levels and our revenues. 
 In certain circumstances, market uncertainty or general declines in market or economic activity may adversely affect our client intermediation businesses by decreasing levels of overall activity or by decreasing volatility. 
 Market uncertainty, volatility and adverse economic conditions, as well as declines in asset values, may cause our clients to transfer their assets out of our funds or other products or their brokerage accounts and result in reduced net revenues, principally in our asset management and wealth management businesses. Even if clients do not withdraw their funds, they may invest them in products that generate less fee income. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 35 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Our asset management and wealth management businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by the poor investment performance of our investment products or a client preference for products other than those which we offer or for products that generate lower fees. 
 Poor investment returns in our asset management and wealth management businesses, due to either general market conditions or underperformance (relative to our competitors or to benchmarks) by funds or accounts that we manage or investment products that we design or sell, affect our ability to retain existing assets and to attract new clients or additional assets from existing clients. This could affect the management and incentive fees that we earn on AUS or the commissions and net spreads that we earn for selling other investment products, such as structured notes or derivatives. To the extent that our clients choose to invest in products that we do not currently offer, we will suffer outflows and a loss of management fees. Further, if, due to changes in investor sentiment or the relative performance of certain asset classes or otherwise, clients continue to invest in products that generate lower fees (e.g., passively managed or fixed income products), our average effective management fee will decline further and our asset management and wealth management businesses could be adversely affected. 
 Inflation has had, and could continue to have, a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Inflationary pressures have affected economies, financial markets and market participants worldwide. Inflationary pressures have increased certain of our operating expenses, and have adversely affected consumer sentiment and CEO confidence. Central bank responses to inflationary pressures have also resulted in higher market interest rates, which, in turn, have contributed to lower activity levels across financial markets, in particular for debt underwriting transactions and mortgage originations, and resulted in lower values for certain financial assets which have adversely affected our equity and debt investments. Higher interest rates increase our borrowing costs and have required us to increase interest paid on our deposits. If inflationary pressures persist, our expenses may increase further; we may be unable to achieve our efficiency ratio target; activity levels for certain of our businesses, in particular debt underwriting and mortgages, may decline; our interest expense could increase faster than our interest income, reducing our net interest income and net interest margin; certain of our investments could continue to incur losses or generally low levels of returns; AUS could decline, or the composition of our AUS could shift to lower fee products, reducing management and other fees; economies worldwide could experience recessions; and we could continue to operate in a generally unfavorable economic and market environment. 

Liquidity 
 Our liquidity, profitability and businesses may be adversely affected by an inability to access the debt capital markets or to sell assets. 
 Liquidity is essential to our businesses. It is of critical importance to us, as most of the failures of financial institutions have occurred in large part due to insufficient liquidity. Our liquidity may be impaired by an inability to access secured and/or unsecured debt markets, an inability to raise or retain deposits, an inability to access funds from our subsidiaries or otherwise allocate liquidity optimally, an inability to sell assets or redeem our investments, lack of timely settlement of transactions, unusual deposit outflows, or other unforeseen outflows of cash or collateral, such as in March 2020, when corporate clients drew on revolving credit facilities in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. This situation may arise due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as a general market or economic disruption or an operational problem that affects third parties or us, or even by the perception among market participants that we, or other market participants, are experiencing greater liquidity risk. 
 We employ structured products to benefit our clients and hedge our own risks. The financial instruments that we hold and the contracts to which we are a party are often complex, and these complex structured products often do not have readily available markets to access in times of liquidity stress. Our investing and financing activities may lead to situations where the holdings from these activities represent a significant portion of specific markets, which could restrict liquidity for our positions. 
 Further, our ability to sell assets may be impaired if there is not generally a liquid market for such assets, as well as in circumstances where other market participants are seeking to sell similar otherwise generally liquid assets at the same time, as is likely to occur in a liquidity or other market crisis or in response to changes to rules or regulations. For example, in 2021, an investment management firm with large positions with several financial institutions defaulted, resulting in rapidly declining prices in the securities underlying those positions. In addition, clearinghouses, exchanges and other financial institutions with which we interact may exercise set-off rights or the right to require additional collateral, including in difficult market conditions, which could further impair our liquidity. 
 Numerous regulations have been adopted that impose more stringent liquidity requirements on large financial institutions, including us. These regulations require us to hold large amounts of highly liquid assets and reduce our flexibility to source and deploy funding. In addition, our need to manage our operations in light of certain regulatory requirements when applicable thresholds are met has in the past limited and may in the future limit our ability to raise deposits in GSIB or other funding, which could adversely affect our liquidity or ability to respond efficiently to liquidity stress. 

36 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by disruptions or lack of liquidity in the credit markets, including reduced access to credit and higher costs of obtaining credit. 
 Widening credit spreads, as well as significant declines in the availability of credit, have in the past adversely affected our ability to borrow on a secured and unsecured basis and may do so in the future. We fund ourselves on an unsecured basis by issuing long-term debt and commercial paper, by raising deposits at our bank subsidiaries, by issuing hybrid financial instruments and by obtaining loans or lines of credit from commercial or other banking entities. We seek to finance many of our assets on a secured basis. Any disruptions in the credit markets may make it harder and more expensive to obtain funding for our businesses. If our available funding is limited or we are forced to fund our operations at a higher cost, these conditions may require us to curtail our business activities and increase our cost of funding, both of which could reduce our profitability, particularly in our businesses that involve investing, lending and market making. 
 Our clients engaging in mergers, acquisitions and other types of strategic transactions often rely on access to the secured and unsecured credit markets to finance their transactions. A lack of available credit or an increased cost of credit can adversely affect the size, volume and timing of our clients merger and acquisition transactions, particularly large transactions, and adversely affect our advisory and underwriting businesses. 
 Our credit businesses have been and may in the future be negatively affected by a lack of liquidity in credit markets. A lack of liquidity reduces price transparency, increases price volatility and decreases transaction volumes and size, all of which can increase transaction risk or decrease the profitability of these businesses. 

Reductions in our credit ratings or an increase in our credit spreads may adversely affect our liquidity and cost of funding. 
 Our credit ratings are important to our liquidity. A reduction in our credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity and competitive position, increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to the capital markets or trigger our obligations under certain provisions in some of our trading and collateralized financing contracts. Under these provisions, counterparties could be permitted to terminate contracts with us or require us to post additional collateral. Termination of our trading and collateralized financing contracts could cause us to sustain losses and impair our liquidity by requiring us to find other sources of financing or to make significant cash payments or securities movements. 
 As of December 2023, our counterparties could have called for additional collateral or termination payments related to our net derivative liabilities under bilateral agreements in an aggregate amount of 271 million in the event of a one-notch downgrade of our credit ratings and 1.58 billion in the event of a two-notch downgrade of our credit ratings. A downgrade by any one rating agency, depending on the agency s relative ratings of us at the time of the downgrade, may have an impact which is comparable to the impact of a downgrade by all rating agencies. For further information about our credit ratings, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Liquidity Risk Management Credit Ratings in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 
 Our cost of obtaining long-term unsecured funding is directly related to our credit spreads (the amount in excess of the interest rate of benchmark securities that we need to pay). Increases in our credit spreads can significantly increase our cost of this funding. Changes in credit spreads are continuous, market-driven, and subject at times to unpredictable and highly volatile movements. Our credit spreads are also influenced by market perceptions of our creditworthiness and movements in the costs to purchasers of credit default swaps referenced to our long-term debt. The market for credit default swaps has proven to be extremely volatile and at times has lacked a high degree of transparency or liquidity. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 37 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Group Inc. is a holding company and its liquidity depends on payments and loans from its subsidiaries, many of which are subject to legal, regulatory and other restrictions on providing funds or assets to Group Inc. 
 Group Inc. is a holding company and, therefore, depends on dividends, distributions, loans and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund share repurchases and dividend payments and to fund payments on its obligations, including debt obligations. Many of our subsidiaries, including our broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries, are subject to laws that restrict dividend payments or authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to Group Inc. 
 In addition, our broker-dealer and bank entities and their subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their ability to lend or transact with affiliates and to minimum regulatory capital and other requirements, as well as restrictions on their ability to use funds deposited with them in brokerage or bank accounts to fund their businesses. Additional restrictions on related-party transactions, increased capital and liquidity requirements and additional limitations on the use of funds on deposit in bank or brokerage accounts, as well as lower earnings, can reduce the amount of funds available to meet the obligations of Group Inc., including under the FRB s source of strength requirement, and even require Group Inc. to provide additional funding to such subsidiaries. Restrictions or regulatory action of that kind could impede access to funds that Group Inc. needs to make payments on its obligations, including debt obligations, or dividend payments. In addition, Group Inc. s right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary s creditors. 
 There has been a trend towards increased regulation and supervision of our subsidiaries by the governments and regulators in the countries in which those subsidiaries are located or do business. Concerns about protecting clients and creditors of financial institutions that are controlled by persons or entities located outside of the country in which such entities are located or do business have caused or may cause a number of governments and regulators to take additional steps to ring fence or require internal total loss-absorbing capacity (which may also be subject to bail-in powers, as described below) at those entities in order to protect clients and creditors of those entities in the event of financial difficulties involving those entities. The result has been and may continue to be additional limitations on our ability to efficiently move capital and liquidity among our affiliated entities, or to Group Inc., including in times of stress, thereby increasing the overall level of capital and liquidity required by us on a consolidated basis. 

Furthermore, Group Inc. has guaranteed the payment obligations of certain of its subsidiaries, including GS Co. and GS Bank USA, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, Group Inc. guarantees many of the obligations of its other consolidated subsidiaries on a transaction-by-transaction basis, as negotiated with counterparties. These guarantees may require Group Inc. to provide substantial funds or assets to its subsidiaries or their creditors or counterparties at a time when Group Inc. is in need of liquidity to fund its own obligations. 
 The requirements for us and certain of our subsidiaries to develop and submit recovery and resolution plans to regulators, and the incorporation of feedback received from regulators, may require us to increase capital or liquidity levels or issue additional long-term debt at Group Inc. or particular subsidiaries or otherwise incur additional or duplicative operational or other costs at multiple entities, and may reduce our ability to provide Group Inc. guarantees of the obligations of our subsidiaries or raise debt at Group Inc. Resolution planning may also impair our ability to structure our intercompany and external activities in a manner that we may otherwise deem most operationally efficient. Furthermore, arrangements to facilitate our resolution planning may cause us to be subject to additional taxes. Any such limitations or requirements would be in addition to the legal and regulatory restrictions described above on our ability to engage in capital actions or make intercompany dividends or payments. 
 See Business Regulation in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K for further information about regulatory restrictions. 
 Credit 
 Our businesses, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of or defaults by third parties. 
 We are exposed to the risk that third parties that owe us money, securities or other assets will not perform their obligations. These parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. A failure of a significant market participant, or even concerns about a default by such an institution, has in the past and could in the future lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, which in turn could adversely affect us. We are also exposed to the risk of a special assessment, including under the FDIA or OLA in the event of the failure of a bank or non-bank financial institution, which have in the past, and may in the future, adversely affect our results of operations. 

38 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

We are also subject to the risk that our rights against third parties may not be enforceable in all circumstances. In addition, deterioration in the credit quality of third parties whose securities or obligations we hold, including a deterioration in the value of collateral posted by third parties to secure their obligations to us under derivative contracts and loan agreements, could result in losses and/or adversely affect our ability to rehypothecate or otherwise use those securities or obligations for liquidity purposes. 
 A significant downgrade in the credit ratings of our counterparties could also have a negative impact on our results. While in many cases we are permitted to require additional collateral from counterparties that experience financial difficulty, disputes may arise as to the amount of collateral we are entitled to receive and the value of pledged assets. The termination of contracts and the foreclosure on collateral may subject us to claims for the improper exercise of our rights. Default rates, downgrades and disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral typically increase significantly in times of market stress, increased volatility and illiquidity. 
 As part of our clearing and prime financing activities, we finance our clients positions, and we could be held responsible for the defaults or misconduct of our clients. Default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect or foresee. 
 Concentration of risk increases the potential for significant losses in our market-making, underwriting, investing and financing activities. 
 Concentration of risk increases the potential for significant losses in our market-making, underwriting, investing and financing activities. The number and size of these transactions has affected and may in the future affect our results of operations in a given period. Moreover, because of concentrated risk, we may suffer losses even when economic and market conditions are generally favorable for our competitors. Disruptions in the credit markets can make it difficult to hedge these credit exposures effectively or economically. In addition, we extend large commitments as part of our credit origination activities. Disruptions in the credit markets have in the past substantially curtailed or eliminated, and may in the future substantially curtail or eliminate, the trading markets for loans we originate. These disruptions have in the past made, and may in the future make, it difficult for us to sell or value such assets, which have in the past resulted, and may in the future result, in losses for us. 

Rules adopted under the Dodd-Frank Act, and similar rules adopted in other jurisdictions, require issuers of certain asset-backed securities and any person who organizes and initiates certain asset-backed securities transactions to retain economic exposure to the asset, which has affected the cost of and structures used in connection with these securitization activities. Our inability to reduce our credit risk by selling, syndicating or securitizing these positions, including during periods of market stress, has in the past negatively affected and may in the future negatively affect our results of operations due to a decrease in the fair value of the positions, including due to the insolvency or bankruptcy of borrowers, as well as the loss of revenues associated with selling such securities or loans. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are at times subject to a concentration of credit risk to a particular counterparty, borrower, issuer (including sovereign issuers) or geographic area or group of related countries, such as the E.U., and a failure or downgrade of, or default by, such entity could negatively impact our businesses, perhaps materially, and the systems by which we set limits and monitor the level of our credit exposure to individual entities, industries, countries and regions may not function as we have anticipated. Regulatory reform, including the Dodd-Frank Act, has led to increased centralization of trading activity through particular clearinghouses, central agents or exchanges, which has significantly increased our concentration of risk with respect to these entities. While our activities expose us to many different industries, counterparties and countries, we routinely execute a high volume of transactions with counterparties engaged in financial services activities, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, clearinghouses, exchanges and investment funds. This has resulted in significant credit concentration with respect to these counterparties. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 39 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Derivative transactions and delayed documentation or settlements may expose us to credit risk, unexpected risks and potential losses. 
 We are party to a large number of derivative transactions, including credit derivatives. Many of these derivative instruments are individually negotiated and non-standardized, which can make exiting, transferring or settling positions difficult. Many credit derivatives require that we deliver to the counterparty the underlying security, loan or other obligation in order to receive payment. In a number of cases, we do not hold the underlying security, loan or other obligation and may not be able to obtain the underlying security, loan or other obligation. This could cause us to forfeit the payments due to us under these contracts or result in settlement delays with the attendant credit and operational risk, as well as increased costs to us. 
 Derivative transactions also involve the risk that documentation has not been properly executed, that executed agreements may not be enforceable against the counterparty, or that obligations under such agreements may not be able to be netted against other obligations with such counterparty. In addition, counterparties may claim that such transactions were not appropriate or authorized. 
 As a signatory to the ISDA Universal Protocol or U.S. ISDA Protocol (ISDA Protocols) and being subject to the FRB s and FDIC s rules on QFCs and similar rules in other jurisdictions, we may not be able to exercise remedies against counterparties and, as this regime has not yet been tested, we may suffer risks or losses that we would not have expected to suffer if we could immediately close out transactions upon a termination event. The ISDA Protocols and these rules and regulations extend to repurchase agreements and other instruments that are not derivative contracts. 
 Derivative contracts and other transactions, including secondary bank loan purchases and sales, entered into with third parties are not always confirmed by the counterparties or settled on a timely basis. While the transaction remains unconfirmed or during any delay in settlement, we are subject to heightened credit and operational risk and in the event of a default may find it more difficult to enforce our rights. 
 In addition, as new complex derivative products are created, covering a wider array of underlying credit and other instruments, disputes about the terms of the underlying contracts could arise, which could impair our ability to effectively manage our risk exposures from these products and subject us to increased costs. The provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act requiring central clearing of credit derivatives and other OTC derivatives, or a market shift toward standardized derivatives, could reduce the risk associated with these transactions, but under certain circumstances could also limit our ability to develop derivatives that best suit the needs of our clients and to hedge our own risks, and could adversely affect our profitability. In addition, these provisions have increased our credit exposure to central clearing platforms. 

Operational 
 A failure in our operational systems or human error, malfeasance or other misconduct, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses. 
 Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. These transactions, as well as the information technology services we provide to clients, often must adhere to client-specific guidelines, as well as legal and regulatory standards. 
 Many rules and regulations worldwide govern our obligations to execute transactions and report such transactions and other information to regulators, exchanges and investors. Compliance with these legal and reporting requirements can be challenging, and we have been and may in the future be subject to regulatory fines and penalties for failing to follow these rules or to report timely, accurate and complete information in accordance with these rules. 
 As the volume, speed, frequency and complexity of transactions, especially electronic transactions (as well as the requirements to report such transactions on a real-time basis to clients, regulators and exchanges) increase, developing and maintaining our operational systems and infrastructure has become more challenging, and the risk of systems or human error in connection with such transactions has increased, as have the potential consequences of such errors due to the speed and volume of transactions involved and the potential difficulty associated with discovering errors quickly enough to limit the resulting consequences. For example, the transition to a T+1 settlement timeframe in the U.S. in 2024 subjects us to increased operational risks with respect to reporting and timely settlement of transactions. These risks are exacerbated in times of increased volatility. As with other similarly situated institutions, we utilize credit underwriting models in connection with our businesses, including our consumer-oriented activities. Allegations or publicity, whether or not accurate, that our underwriting decisions do not treat consumers or clients fairly, or comply with the applicable law or regulation, have in the past resulted and may in the future result in negative publicity, reputational damage and governmental and regulatory scrutiny, investigations and enforcement actions. 

40 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Our financial, accounting, data processing or other operational systems and facilities have in the past not operated properly in certain respects and may in the future not operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as a spike in transaction volume, adversely affecting our ability to process these transactions or provide these services. We must continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and invest heavily in systemic controls and training to pursue our objective of ensuring that such transactions do not violate applicable rules and regulations or, due to errors in processing such transactions, adversely affect markets, our clients and counterparties or us. Enhancements and updates to systems, as well as the requisite training, including in connection with the integration of new businesses, entail significant costs and create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. 
 The use of computing devices and phones is critical to the work done by our employees and the operation of our systems and businesses and those of our clients and our third-party service providers and vendors. Their importance has continued to increase, in particular in light of hybrid work arrangements. Computers and computer networks are subject to various risks, including, among others, cyber attacks, inherent technological defects, system failures and human error. For example, fundamental security flaws in computer chips found in many types of these computing devices and phones have been reported in the past and may occur in the future. The use of personal devices by our employees or by our vendors for work-related activities also presents risks related to potential violations of record retention and other requirements. Cloud technologies are also critical to the operation of our systems and platforms and our reliance on cloud technologies is growing. Service disruptions have resulted, and may result in the future, in delays in accessing, or the loss of, data that is important to our businesses and may hinder our clients access to our platforms. There have been a number of widely publicized cases of outages in connection with access to cloud computing providers. Addressing these and similar issues could be costly and affect the performance of these businesses and systems. Operational risks may be incurred in applying fixes and there may still be residual security risks. 

Notwithstanding the proliferation of technology and technology-based risk and control systems, our businesses ultimately rely on people as our greatest resource, and, from time to time, they have in the past and may in the future make mistakes or engage in violations of applicable policies, laws, rules or procedures that are not always caught immediately by our technological processes or by our controls and other procedures, which are intended to prevent and detect such errors or violations. These have in the past and may in the future include calculation errors, mistakes in addressing emails, errors in software or model development or implementation, or simple errors in judgment, as well as intentional efforts to ignore or circumvent applicable policies, laws, rules or procedures. Human errors, malfeasance and other misconduct, including the intentional misuse of client information in connection with insider trading or for other purposes, even if promptly discovered and remediated, has in the past resulted and may in the future result in reputational damage and losses and liabilities for us. 
 The majority of the employees in our primary locations, including the New York metropolitan area, London, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Hong Kong, Tokyo, Salt Lake City and Dallas, work in close proximity to one another. Our headquarters is located in the New York metropolitan area, and we have our largest employee concentration occupying two principal office buildings near the Hudson River waterfront. They are subject to potential catastrophic events, including, but not limited to, terrorist attacks, extreme weather, or other hostile events that could negatively affect our business. Notwithstanding our efforts to maintain business continuity, business disruptions impacting our offices and employees could lead to our employees inability to occupy the offices, communicate with or travel to other office locations or work remotely. As a result, our ability to service and interact with clients may be adversely impacted, due to our failure or inability to successfully implement business contingency plans. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 41 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

A failure or disruption in our infrastructure, or in the operational systems or infrastructure of third parties, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, damage our reputation and cause losses. 
 We face the risk of operational failure or significant operational delay, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearinghouses or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our securities and derivatives transactions, and as our interconnectivity with our clients grows, we increasingly face the risk of operational failure or significant operational delay with respect to our clients systems. 
 There has been significant consolidation among clearing agents, exchanges and clearinghouses and an increasing number of derivative transactions are cleared on exchanges, which has increased our exposure to operational failure or significant operational delay, termination or capacity constraints of the particular financial intermediaries that we use and could affect our ability to find adequate and cost-effective alternatives in the event of any such failure, delay, termination or constraint. Industry consolidation, whether among market participants or financial intermediaries, increases the risk of operational failure or significant operational delay as disparate complex systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis. 
 The interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with central agents, exchanges and clearinghouses, and the increased centrality of these entities, increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially impact our ability to conduct business. Interconnectivity of financial institutions with other companies through, among other things, application programming interfaces or APIs presents similar risks. Any such failure, termination or constraint could adversely affect our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk or expand our businesses or result in financial loss or liability to our clients, impairment of our liquidity, disruption of our businesses, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. 
 Despite our resiliency plans and facilities, our ability to conduct business may be adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities where we are located. This may include a disruption involving electrical, satellite, undersea cable or other communications, internet, transportation or other facilities used by us, our employees or third parties with which we conduct business, including cloud service providers. These disruptions may occur as a result of events that affect only our buildings or systems or those of third parties, or as a result of events with a broader impact globally, regionally or in the cities where those buildings or systems are located, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, war, civil unrest, terrorism, economic or political developments, pandemics and weather events. 

In addition, although we seek to diversify our third-party vendors to increase our resiliency, we are exposed to risks if our vendors operate in the same area and are also exposed to the risk that a disruption or other information technology event at a common service provider to our vendors could impede their ability to provide products or services to us. We may not be able to effectively monitor or mitigate operational risks relating to our vendors use of common service providers. 
 Additionally, although the prevalence and scope of applications of distributed ledger technology, cryptocurrency and similar technologies is growing, the technology is nascent and may be vulnerable to cyber attacks or have other inherent weaknesses. We are exposed to risks, and may become exposed to additional risks, related to distributed ledger technology, including through our facilitation of clients activities involving financial products that use distributed ledger technology, such as blockchain, cryptocurrencies or other digital assets, our investments in companies that seek to develop platforms based on distributed ledger technology, the use of distributed ledger technology by third-party vendors, clients, counterparties, clearinghouses and other financial intermediaries, and the receipt of cryptocurrencies or other digital assets as collateral. Market volatility of financial products using distributed ledger technology may increase these risks. 

42 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The development and use of artificial intelligence (AI) present risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business. 
 We or our third-party vendors, clients or counterparties may develop or incorporate AI technology in certain business processes, services or products. The development and use of AI present a number of risks and challenges to our business. The legal and regulatory environment relating to AI is uncertain and rapidly evolving, both in the U.S. and internationally, and includes regulation targeted specifically at AI as well as provisions in intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, employment and other laws applicable to the use of AI. These evolving laws and regulations could require changes in our implementation of AI technology and increase our compliance costs and the risk of non-compliance. AI models, particularly generative AI models, may produce output or take action that is incorrect, that result in the release of private, confidential or proprietary information, that reflect biases included in the data on which they are trained, infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, or that is otherwise harmful. In addition, the complexity of many AI models makes it challenging to understand why they are generating particular outputs. This limited transparency increases the challenges associated with assessing the proper operation of AI models, understanding and monitoring the capabilities of the AI models, reducing erroneous output, eliminating bias and complying with regulations that require documentation or explanation of the basis on which decisions are made. Further, we may rely on AI models developed by third parties, and, to that extent, would be dependent in part on the manner in which those third parties develop and train their models, including risks arising from the inclusion of any unauthorized material in the training data for their models, and the effectiveness of the steps these third parties have taken to limit the risks associated with the output of their models, matters over which we may have limited visibility. Any of these risks could expose us to liability or adverse legal or regulatory consequences and harm our reputation and the public perception of our business or the effectiveness of our security measures. 
 In addition to our use of AI technologies, we are exposed to risks arising from the use of AI technologies by bad actors to commit fraud and misappropriate funds and to facilitate cyberattacks. Generative AI, if used to perpetrate fraud or launch cyberattacks, could result in losses, liquidity outflows or other adverse effects at a particular financial institution or exchange. 

A failure to protect our computer systems, networks and information, and our clients information, against cyber attacks and similar threats could impair our ability to conduct our businesses, result in the disclosure, theft or destruction of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses. 
 Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks and those of our vendors. There have been a number of highly publicized cases involving financial services companies, consumer-based companies, software and information technology service providers, governmental agencies and other organizations reporting the unauthorized access or disclosure of client, customer or other confidential information in recent years, as well as cyber attacks involving the dissemination, theft and destruction of corporate information or other assets, as a result of inadequate procedures or the failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third parties, including actions by foreign governments. There have also been a number of highly publicized cases where hackers have requested ransom payments in exchange for not disclosing customer information or for restoring access to information or systems. 
 We are regularly the target of attempted cyber attacks, including denial-of-service attacks, and must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect the integrity and functionality of our technology infrastructure and access to and the security of our data. We have faced a high volume of cyber attacks as we expand our mobile- and other internet-based products and services, as well as our usage of mobile and cloud technologies, and as we provide these services to individual consumers. Further, the use of AI by cybercriminals may increase the frequency and severity of cybersecurity attacks against us or our third-party vendors and clients. The migration of our communication from devices we provide to employee-owned devices presents additional risks of cyber attacks, as do hybrid work arrangements. In addition, due to our interconnectivity with third-party vendors (and their respective service providers), central agents, exchanges, clearinghouses and other financial institutions, we could be adversely impacted if any of them is subject to a successful cyber attack or other information security event. These impacts could include the loss of access to information or services from the third party subject to the cyber attack or other information security event or could result in unauthorized access to or disclosure of client, customer or other confidential information, which could, in turn, interrupt certain of our businesses or adversely affect our results of operations and reputation. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 43 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and information, we may not be able to anticipate, detect or implement effective preventive measures against all cyber threats, including because the techniques used are increasingly sophisticated, change frequently and are often not recognized until launched. Cyber attacks can originate from a variety of sources, including third parties who are affiliated with or sponsored by foreign governments or are involved with organized crime or terrorist organizations. Third parties may also attempt to place individuals in our offices or induce employees, clients or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information or provide access to our data or that of our clients, and these types of risks may be difficult to detect or prevent. 
 Although we take protective measures proactively and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code, cyber attacks on our vendors and other events that could have a security impact. Risks relating to cyber attacks on our vendors have been increasing given the greater frequency and severity in recent years of supply chain attacks affecting software and information technology service providers. Due to the complexity and interconnectedness of our systems, the process of enhancing our protective measures can itself create a risk of systems disruptions and security issues. In addition, protective measures that we employ to compartmentalize our data may reduce our visibility into, and adversely affect our ability to respond to, cyber threats and issues with our systems. 
 If one or more of these types of events occur, it potentially could jeopardize our, our clients , our counterparties or third parties confidential and other information processed, stored in, or transmitted through our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or those of our clients, counterparties or third parties, which could impact their ability to transact with us or otherwise result in legal or regulatory action, significant losses or reputational damage. In addition, such an event could persist for an extended period of time before being properly detected or escalated, and, following detection or escalation, it could take considerable time for us to obtain full and reliable information about the extent, amount and type of information compromised. During the course of an investigation, we may not know the full impact of the event and how to remediate it, and actions, decisions and mistakes that are taken or made may further increase the negative effects of the event on our business, results of operations and reputation. Moreover, new regulations require us to disclose information on a timely basis about material cybersecurity incidents, including those that may not have been resolved or fully investigated at the time of disclosure. 

We have expended, and expect to continue to expend, significant resources on an ongoing basis to modify our protective measures and to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, but these measures may be ineffective and we may be subject to legal or regulatory action, as well as financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us. Regulatory agencies have become increasingly focused on cybersecurity incidents. 
 Our clients confidential information may also be at risk from the compromise of clients personal electronic devices or as a result of a data security breach at an unrelated company. Losses due to unauthorized account activity could harm our reputation and may have adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The increased use of mobile and cloud technologies heightens these and other operational risks, as do hybrid work arrangements. Certain aspects of the security of these technologies are unpredictable or beyond our control, and the failure by mobile technology and cloud service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber attacks could disrupt our operations and result in misappropriation, corruption or loss of confidential and other information. In addition, there is a risk that encryption and other protective measures, despite their sophistication, may be defeated, particularly to the extent that new computing technologies vastly increase the speed and computing power available. 
 We routinely transmit and receive personal, confidential and proprietary information by email and other electronic means. We have discussed and worked with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities and protect against cyber attacks, but we do not have, and may be unable to put in place, secure capabilities with all of our clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties and we may not be able to ensure that these third parties have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of the information. An interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary information being sent to or received from a client, vendor, service provider, counterparty or other third party could result in legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm. 

44 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

We may incur losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies. 
 We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a risk and control framework encompassing a variety of separate but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance and legal reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms. Our risk management process seeks to balance our ability to profit from market-making, investing or lending positions, and underwriting activities, with our exposure to potential losses. While we employ a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. Thus, in the course of our activities, we have incurred and may in the future incur losses. Market conditions in recent years have involved unprecedented dislocations and highlight the limitations inherent in using historical data to manage risk. 
 The models that we use to assess and control our risk exposures reflect assumptions about the degrees of correlation or lack thereof among prices of various asset classes or other market indicators. In times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances, previously uncorrelated indicators may become correlated, or conversely previously correlated indicators may move in different directions. These types of market movements have at times limited the effectiveness of our hedging strategies and have caused us to incur significant losses, and they may do so in the future. These changes in correlation have been and may in the future be exacerbated where other market participants are using risk or trading models with assumptions or algorithms that are similar to ours. In these and other cases, it may be difficult to reduce our risk positions due to the activity of other market participants or widespread market dislocations, including circumstances where asset values are declining significantly or no market exists for certain assets. 
 In addition, the use of models in connection with risk management and numerous other critical activities presents risks that the models may be ineffective, either because of poor design, ineffective testing, or improper or flawed inputs, as well as unpermitted access to the models resulting in unapproved or malicious changes to the model or its inputs. 

To the extent that we have positions through our market-making or origination activities or we make investments directly through our investing activities, including private equity, that do not have an established liquid trading market or are otherwise subject to restrictions on sale or hedging, we may not be able to reduce our positions and therefore reduce our risk associated with those positions. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law and regulation, we invest our own capital in private equity, credit, real estate and hedge funds that we manage and limitations on our ability to withdraw some or all of our investments in these funds, whether for legal, reputational or other reasons, may make it more difficult for us to control the risk exposures relating to these investments. 
 Prudent risk management, as well as regulatory restrictions, may cause us to limit our exposure to counterparties, geographic areas or markets, which may limit our business opportunities and increase the cost of our funding or hedging activities. 
 Our consumer offerings present us with different risks, and we have needed and continue to need to expand and adapt our risk monitoring and mitigation activities to account for these business activities. A failure to adequately assess and control such risk exposures could result in losses to us. 
 For further information about our risk management policies and procedures, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 45 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Legal and Regulatory 
 Our businesses and those of our clients are subject to extensive and pervasive regulation around the world. 
 As a participant in the financial services industry and a systemically important financial institution, we are subject to extensive regulation in jurisdictions around the world. We face the risk of significant intervention by law enforcement, regulatory and taxing authorities, as well as private litigation, in all jurisdictions in which we conduct our businesses. In many cases, our activities have been and may continue to be subject to overlapping and divergent regulation in different jurisdictions. Among other things, as a result of law enforcement authorities, regulators or private parties challenging our compliance with existing laws and regulations, we or our employees have been, and could be, fined, criminally charged or sanctioned; prohibited from engaging in some of our business activities; subjected to limitations or conditions on our business activities, including higher capital requirements; or subjected to new or substantially higher taxes or other governmental charges in connection with the conduct of our businesses or with respect to our employees. These limitations or conditions may limit our business activities and negatively impact our profitability. 
 In addition to the impact on the scope and profitability of our business activities, day-to-day compliance with existing laws and regulations has involved and will continue to involve significant amounts of time, including that of our senior leaders and that of a large number of dedicated compliance and other reporting and operational personnel, in connection with which we expect to continue to add personnel, all of which may negatively impact our profitability. 
 Our revenues and profitability and those of our competitors have been and will continue to be impacted by requirements relating to capital, leverage, liquidity and long-term funding levels, requirements related to resolution and recovery planning, derivatives clearing and margin rules and levels of regulatory oversight, as well as limitations on which and, if permitted, how certain business activities may be carried out by financial institutions. The laws, regulations and accounting standards, that apply to our businesses are often complex and, in many cases, we must make interpretive decisions regarding the application of those laws, regulations and accounting standards to our business activities. Changes in interpretations, whether in response to regulatory guidance, industry conventions, our own reassessments or otherwise, could adversely affect our businesses, results of operations or ability to satisfy applicable regulatory requirements, such as capital or liquidity requirements. 

If there are new laws or regulations or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws or regulations applicable to our businesses or those of our clients, including capital, liquidity, leverage, long-term debt, total loss-absorbing capacity and margin requirements, restrictions on leveraged lending or other business practices, reporting requirements, requirements relating to recovery and resolution planning, tax burdens and compensation restrictions, that are imposed on a limited subset of financial institutions (whether based on size, method of funding, activities, geography or other criteria), compliance with these new laws or regulations, or changes in the enforcement of existing laws or regulations, could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively with other institutions that are not affected in the same way. In addition, regulation imposed on financial institutions or market participants generally, such as taxes on stock transfers, share repurchases and other financial transactions, could adversely impact levels of market activity more broadly, and thus impact our businesses. Changes to laws or regulations, such as tax laws, could also have a disproportionate impact on us, based on the way those laws or regulations are applied to financial services and financial firms or due to our corporate structure or where or how we provide these services. 
 These developments could impact our profitability in the affected jurisdictions, or even make it uneconomic for us to continue to conduct all or certain of our businesses in those jurisdictions, or could cause us to incur significant costs associated with changing our business practices, restructuring our businesses, moving all or certain of our businesses and our employees to other locations or complying with applicable capital requirements, including reducing dividends or share repurchases, liquidating assets or raising capital in a manner that adversely increases our funding costs or otherwise adversely affects our shareholders and creditors. 

46 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

U.S. and non-U.S. regulatory developments, in particular the Dodd-Frank Act and Basel III, have significantly altered the regulatory framework within which we operate and have adversely affected and may in the future adversely affect our profitability. Among the aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act that have affected or may in the future affect our businesses are: increased capital, liquidity and reporting requirements; limitations on activities in which we may engage; increased regulation of and restrictions on OTC derivatives markets and transactions; limitations on incentive compensation; limitations on affiliate transactions; requirements to reorganize or limit activities in connection with recovery and resolution planning; increased deposit insurance assessments; and increased standards of care for broker-dealers and investment advisers in dealing with clients. The implementation of higher capital requirements, more stringent requirements relating to liquidity, long-term debt and total loss-absorbing capacity and the prohibition on proprietary trading and the sponsorship of, or investment in, covered funds by the Volcker Rule may continue to adversely affect our profitability and competitive position, particularly if these requirements do not apply equally to our competitors or are not implemented uniformly across jurisdictions. The July 2023 proposal from the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies to implement the Basel Committee s finalization of the post-crisis regulatory capital reforms would raise our capital requirements, if adopted as proposed. We may also become subject to higher and more stringent capital and other regulatory requirements as a result of the implementation of future Basel Committee standards. See "Business Regulation Banking Supervision and Regulation Risk-Based Capital Ratios in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K for further information about proposed regulatory requirements. 

As described in Business Regulation Banking Supervision and Regulation Risk-Based Capital Ratios in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K, the SCB has replaced the capital conservation buffer under the Standardized Capital Rules and resulted in higher Standardized capital ratio requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements could limit our ability to, among other things, repurchase shares, pay dividends and make certain discretionary compensation payments. In addition, if we are required to resubmit our capital plan, we generally may not make capital distributions, such as share repurchases or dividends, without the prior approval of the FRB. Dividends and repurchases are also subject to oversight by the FRB, which can result in limitations. Limitations on our ability to make capital distributions could, among other things, prevent us from returning capital to our shareholders and impact our return on equity. Additionally, as a G SIB, we are subject to the G SIB surcharge. Our G SIB surcharge is updated annually based on financial data from the prior year. Expansion of our businesses, growth in our balance sheet and increased reliance on short-term wholesale funding have resulted in increases and in the future may result in further increases in our G SIB surcharge and a corresponding increase in our capital requirements. The July 2023 proposal from the FRB would introduce additional granularity in the surcharge buckets and increase the amount of financial data used in the calculation of the G-SIB surcharge based on averages over the year, as opposed to period-end values, which could increase our G-SIB surcharge. 
 We are also subject to laws and regulations, such as the GDPR and the California Consumer Privacy Act, relating to the privacy of the information of clients, employees or others, and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. As new privacy-related laws and regulations are implemented, the time and resources needed for us to comply with such laws and regulations, as well as our potential liability for non-compliance and reporting obligations in the case of data breaches, may significantly increase. 
 In addition, our businesses are increasingly subject to laws and regulations relating to surveillance, encryption and data on-shoring in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to change our policies, procedures and technology for information security, which could, among other things, make us more vulnerable to cyber attacks and misappropriation, corruption or loss of information or technology. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 47 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Our consumer-oriented deposit-taking and credit card businesses subject us to numerous additional regulations in the jurisdictions in which these businesses operate. Not only are these regulations extensive, but they involve types of regulations and supervision, as well as regulatory compliance risks, that have not historically applied to us. The level of regulatory scrutiny and the scope of regulations affecting financial interactions with consumers is often much greater than that associated with doing business with institutions and high-net-worth individuals. Complying with these regulations is time-consuming, costly and presents new and increased risks. 
 Our expansion into consumer-oriented activities resulted in a change to GS Bank USA s CRA requirements in 2023, such that GS Bank USA is no longer assessed as a wholesale bank for CRA compliance purposes and, instead, is assessed pursuant to a strategic plan. Any failure to comply with different or expanded CRA requirements as a result of this change in assessment methods could negatively impact GS Bank USA s CRA ratings, cause reputational harm and result in limits on our ability to make future acquisitions or engage in certain new activities. 
 Increasingly, regulators and courts have sought to hold financial institutions liable for the misconduct of their clients where they have determined that the financial institution should have detected that the client was engaged in wrongdoing, even though the financial institution had no direct knowledge of the activities engaged in by its client. Regulators and courts have also increasingly found liability as a control person for activities of entities in which financial institutions or funds controlled by financial institutions have an investment, but which they do not actively manage. In addition, regulators and courts continue to seek to establish fiduciary obligations to counterparties to which no such duty had been thought to exist. To the extent that such efforts are successful, the cost of, and liabilities associated with, engaging in brokerage, clearing, market-making, prime financing, investing and other similar activities could increase significantly. To the extent that we have fiduciary obligations in connection with acting as a financial adviser or investment adviser or in other roles for individual, institutional, sovereign or investment fund clients, any breach, or even an alleged breach, of such obligations could have materially negative legal, regulatory and reputational consequences. 
 For information about the extensive regulation to which our businesses are subject, see Business Regulation in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. 

A failure to appropriately identify and address potential conflicts of interest could adversely affect our businesses. 
 Due to the broad scope of our businesses and our client base, we regularly address potential conflicts of interest, including situations where our services to a particular client or our own investments or other interests conflict, or are perceived to conflict, with the interests of that client or another client, as well as situations where one or more of our businesses have access to material non-public information that may not be shared with our other businesses and situations where we may be a creditor of an entity with which we also have an advisory or other relationship. 
 In addition, our status as a BHC subjects us to heightened regulation and increased regulatory scrutiny by the FRB with respect to transactions between GS Bank USA and its subsidiaries and entities that are or could be viewed as affiliates of ours and, under the Volcker Rule, transactions between us and covered funds. 
 We have extensive procedures and controls that are designed to identify and address conflicts of interest, including those designed to prevent the improper sharing of information among our businesses. However, appropriately identifying and dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult, and our reputation, which is one of our most important assets, could be damaged and the willingness of clients to enter into transactions with us may be adversely affected if we fail, or appear to fail, to identify, disclose and deal appropriately with conflicts of interest. In addition, potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. Additionally, our One Goldman Sachs initiative, as well as the alignment of our businesses, aim to increase collaboration among our businesses, which may increase the potential for actual or perceived conflicts of interest and improper information sharing. 

48 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

We may be adversely affected by increased governmental and regulatory scrutiny or negative publicity. 
 Governmental scrutiny from regulators, legislative bodies and law enforcement agencies with respect to matters relating to compensation, our business practices, our past actions and other matters remains at high levels. Political and public sentiment regarding financial institutions has in the past resulted and may in the future result in a significant amount of adverse press coverage, as well as adverse statements or charges by regulators or other government officials. Press coverage and other public statements that assert some form of wrongdoing (including, in some cases, press coverage and public statements that do not directly involve us) often result in some type of investigation by regulators, legislators and law enforcement officials or in lawsuits. 
 Responding to these investigations and lawsuits, regardless of the ultimate outcome of the proceeding, is time-consuming and expensive and can divert the time and effort of our senior management from our business. Penalties and fines sought by regulatory authorities have increased substantially and certain regulators have been more likely in recent years to commence enforcement actions or to support legislation targeted at the financial services industry. Governmental authorities may also be more likely to pursue criminal or other actions, including seeking admissions of wrongdoing or guilty pleas, in connection with the resolution of an inquiry or investigation to the extent a company is viewed as having previously engaged in criminal, regulatory or other misconduct. Adverse publicity, governmental scrutiny and legal and enforcement proceedings can also have a negative impact on our reputation and on the morale and performance of our employees, which could adversely affect our businesses and results of operations. Further, we are subject to regulatory settlements, orders and feedback that require significant remediation activities and enhancements to existing controls, systems and procedures, which has required and will require us to commit significant resources, including hiring, as well as testing the operation and effectiveness of new controls, policies and procedures. The failure to complete these remediation activities in a timely manner could lead to higher operating expenses, reputational damage and other negative consequences. 

The financial services industry generally and our businesses in particular have been subject to negative publicity. Our reputation and businesses may be adversely affected by negative publicity or information regarding our businesses and personnel, whether or not accurate or true, that may be posted on social media or other internet forums or published by news organizations. Postings on these types of forums may also adversely impact risk positions of our clients and other parties that owe us money, securities or other assets and increase the chance that they will not perform their obligations to us or reduce the revenues we receive from their use of our services. The speed and pervasiveness with which information can be disseminated through these channels, in particular social media, may magnify risks relating to negative publicity. 
 The rapid dissemination of negative information through social media, in part, is believed to have led to the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank (SVB). SVB suffered a level of deposit withdrawals within a time period not previously experienced by a financial institution. We could also be subject to rapid deposit withdrawals or other outflows as a result of negative social media posts or other negative publicity . 
 Substantial civil or criminal liability or significant regulatory action against us could have material adverse financial effects or cause us significant reputational harm, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects. 
 We face significant legal risks in our businesses, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions remain high. See Notes 18 and 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for information about certain of our legal and regulatory proceedings and investigations. We have seen legal claims by consumers and clients increase in a market downturn and employment-related claims increase following periods in which we have reduced our headcount. Additionally, governmental entities have been plaintiffs and are parties in certain of our legal proceedings, and we may face future civil or criminal actions or claims by the same or other governmental entities, as well as follow-on civil litigation that is often commenced after regulatory settlements. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 49 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Significant settlements by large financial institutions, including, in some cases, us, with governmental entities have become common. The trend of large settlements with governmental entities may adversely affect the outcomes for other financial institutions, including, in some cases, us, in similar actions, especially where governmental officials have announced that the large settlements will be used as the basis or a template for other settlements. The uncertain regulatory enforcement environment makes it difficult to estimate probable losses, which can lead to substantial disparities between legal reserves and subsequent actual settlements or penalties. 
 Claims of collusion or anti-competitive conduct have become more common. Financial institutions (including us) have been subject to civil cases and investigatory demands relating to alleged bid-rigging, group boycotts or other anti-competitive practices. Antitrust laws generally provide for joint and several liability and treble damages. These claims have resulted in significant settlements and fines in the past and may do so in the future. 
 We are subject to laws and regulations worldwide, including the FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act, relating to corrupt and illegal payments to, and hiring practices with regard to, government officials and others. Violation of these or similar laws and regulations have in the past resulted in and could in the future result in significant monetary penalties. Such violations could also result in severe restrictions on our activities and damage to our reputation. 
 Certain law enforcement authorities have recently required admissions of wrongdoing, and, in some cases, criminal pleas, as part of the resolutions of matters brought against financial institutions or their employees. See for example, 1MDB-Related Matters in Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Any such resolution of a criminal matter involving us or our employees could lead to increased exposure to civil litigation, could adversely affect our reputation, could result in penalties or limitations on our ability to conduct our activities generally or in certain circumstances and could have other negative effects. Further, as a result of this type of settlement, we are no longer a well-known seasoned issuer, which places limitations on the manner in which we can market our securities. 

In conducting our businesses around the world, we are subject to political, legal, regulatory and other risks that are inherent in operating in many countries. 
 In conducting our businesses and supporting our global operations, we are subject to risks of possible nationalization, expropriation, price controls, capital controls, exchange controls, communications and other content restrictions, and other restrictive governmental actions. For example, sanctions have been imposed by the U.S. and the E.U. on certain individuals and companies in Russia and Venezuela. In many countries, the laws and regulations applicable to the securities and financial services industries and many of the transactions in which we are involved are uncertain and evolving, and it may be difficult for us to determine the exact requirements of local laws in every market. We have been in some cases subject to divergent and conflicting laws and regulations across markets, and we are increasingly subject to the risk that the jurisdictions in which we operate have implemented or may implement laws and regulations that directly conflict with those of another jurisdiction. Any determination by local regulators that we have not acted in compliance with the application of local laws in a particular market or our failure to develop effective working relationships with local regulators could have a significant and negative effect not only on our businesses in that market, but also on our reputation generally. Further, in some jurisdictions a failure, or alleged failure, to comply with laws and regulations has subjected and may in the future subject us and our personnel not only to civil actions, but also criminal actions and other sanctions. We are also subject to the enhanced risk that transactions we structure might not be legally enforceable in all cases. 
 While business and other practices throughout the world differ, our principal entities are subject in their operations worldwide to rules and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal payments, hiring practices and money laundering, as well as laws relating to doing business with certain individuals, groups and countries, such as the FCPA, the BSA and the U.K. Bribery Act. While we have invested and continue to invest significant resources in training and in compliance monitoring, the geographical diversity of our operations, employees, clients and consumers, as well as the vendors and other third parties that we deal with, greatly increases the risk that we may be found in violation of such rules or regulations and any such violation could subject us to significant penalties or adversely affect our reputation. See for example, 1MDB-Related Matters in Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

50 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

In addition, there have been a number of highly publicized cases around the world, involving actual or alleged fraud or other misconduct by employees in the financial services industry, and we have had and may in the future have employee misconduct. This misconduct has included and may also in the future include intentional efforts to ignore or circumvent applicable policies, rules or procedures or misappropriation of funds and the theft of proprietary information, including proprietary software. It is not always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity have not been and may not be effective in all cases, as reflected by the settlements relating to 1MDB. 
 The application of regulatory strategies and requirements in the U.S. and in non-U.S. jurisdictions to facilitate the orderly resolution of large financial institutions could create greater risk of loss for Group Inc. s security holders. 
 As described in Business Regulation Banking Supervision and Regulation Insolvency of an IDI or a BHC, if the FDIC is appointed as receiver under OLA, the rights of Group Inc. s creditors would be determined under OLA, and substantial differences exist in the rights of creditors between OLA and the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, including the right of the FDIC under OLA to disregard the strict priority of creditor claims in some circumstances, which could have a material adverse effect on our debtholders. 
 The FDIC has announced that a single point of entry strategy may be a desirable strategy under OLA to resolve a large financial institution in a manner that would, among other things, impose losses on shareholders, debtholders and other creditors of the top-tier BHC (in our case, Group Inc.), while the BHC s subsidiaries may continue to operate. It is possible that the application of the single point of entry strategy under OLA, in which Group Inc. would be the only entity to enter resolution proceedings (and its material broker-dealer, bank and other operating entities would not enter resolution proceedings), would result in greater losses to Group Inc. s security holders (including holders of our fixed rate, floating rate and indexed debt securities), than the losses that would result from the application of a bankruptcy proceeding or a different resolution strategy, such as a multiple point of entry resolution strategy for Group Inc. and certain of its material subsidiaries. 

Assuming Group Inc. entered resolution proceedings and support from Group Inc. or other resources available to its subsidiaries was sufficient to enable the subsidiaries to remain solvent, losses at the subsidiary level would be transferred to Group Inc. and ultimately borne by Group Inc. s security holders, third-party creditors of Group Inc. s subsidiaries would receive full recoveries on their claims, and Group Inc. s security holders (including our shareholders, debtholders and other unsecured creditors) could face significant and possibly complete losses. In that case, Group Inc. s security holders would face losses while the third-party creditors of Group Inc. s subsidiaries would incur no losses because the subsidiaries would continue to operate and would not enter resolution or bankruptcy proceedings. In addition, holders of Group Inc. s eligible long-term debt and holders of Group Inc. s other debt securities could face losses ahead of its other similarly situated creditors in a resolution under OLA if the FDIC exercised its right, described above, to disregard the priority of creditor claims. 
 OLA also provides the FDIC with authority to cause creditors and shareholders of the financial company in receivership to bear losses before taxpayers are exposed to such losses, and amounts owed to the U.S. government would generally receive a statutory payment priority over the claims of private creditors, including senior creditors. 
 In addition, under OLA, claims of creditors (including debtholders) could be satisfied through the issuance of equity or other securities in a bridge entity to which Group Inc. s assets are transferred. If such a securities-for-claims exchange were implemented, there can be no assurance that the value of the securities of the bridge entity would be sufficient to repay or satisfy all or any part of the creditor claims for which the securities were exchanged. While the FDIC has issued regulations to implement OLA, not all aspects of how the FDIC might exercise this authority are known and additional rulemaking is possible. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 51 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

In addition, certain jurisdictions, including the U.K. and the E.U., have implemented resolution regimes to provide resolution authorities with the ability to recapitalize a failing entity by writing down its unsecured debt or converting its unsecured debt into equity. Such bail-in powers are intended to enable the recapitalization of a failing institution by allocating losses to its shareholders and unsecured debtholders. For example, the Bank of England requires a certain amount of intercompany funding that we provide to our material U.K. subsidiaries to contain a contractual trigger to expressly permit the Bank of England to exercise such bail-in powers in certain circumstances. If the intercompany funding we provide to our subsidiaries is bailed in, Group Inc. s claims on its subsidiaries would be subordinated to the claims of the subsidiaries third-party creditors or written down. U.S. regulators are considering and non-U.S. authorities have adopted requirements that certain subsidiaries of large financial institutions maintain minimum amounts of total loss-absorbing capacity that would pass losses up from the subsidiaries to the top-tier BHC and, ultimately, to security holders of the top-tier BHC in the event of failure. 
 The application of Group Inc. s proposed resolution strategy could result in greater losses for Group Inc. s security holders. 
 In our resolution plan, Group Inc. would be resolved under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The strategy described in our resolution plan is a variant of the single point of entry strategy: Group Inc. and Goldman Sachs Funding LLC (Funding IHC), a wholly-owned, direct subsidiary of Group Inc., would recapitalize and provide liquidity to certain major subsidiaries, including through the forgiveness of intercompany indebtedness, the extension of the maturities of intercompany indebtedness and the extension of additional intercompany loans. If this strategy were successful, creditors of some or all of Group Inc. s major subsidiaries would receive full recoveries on their claims, while Group Inc. s security holders could face significant and possibly complete losses. 
 To facilitate the execution of our resolution plan, we formed Funding IHC. In exchange for an unsecured subordinated funding note and equity interest, Group Inc. transferred certain intercompany receivables and substantially all of its GCLA to Funding IHC, and agreed to transfer additional GCLA above prescribed thresholds. 

We also put in place a Capital and Liquidity Support Agreement (CLSA) among Group Inc., Funding IHC and our major subsidiaries. Under the CLSA, Funding IHC has provided Group Inc. with a committed line of credit that allows Group Inc. to draw sufficient funds to meet its cash needs during the ordinary course of business. In addition, if our financial resources deteriorate so severely that resolution may be imminent, (i) the committed line of credit will automatically terminate and the unsecured subordinated funding note will automatically be forgiven, (ii) all intercompany receivables owed by the major subsidiaries to Group Inc. will be transferred to Funding IHC or their maturities will be extended to five years, (iii) Group Inc. will be obligated to transfer substantially all of its remaining intercompany receivables and GCLA (other than an amount to fund anticipated bankruptcy expenses) to Funding IHC, and (iv) Funding IHC will be obligated to provide capital and liquidity support to the major subsidiaries. Group Inc. s and Funding IHC s obligations under the CLSA are secured pursuant to a related security agreement. Such actions would materially and adversely affect Group Inc. s liquidity. As a result, during a period of severe stress, Group Inc. might commence bankruptcy proceedings at an earlier time than it otherwise would if the CLSA and related security agreement had not been implemented. 
 If Group Inc. s proposed resolution strategy were successful, Group Inc. s security holders could face losses while the third-party creditors of Group Inc. s major subsidiaries would incur no losses because those subsidiaries would continue to operate and not enter resolution or bankruptcy proceedings. As part of the strategy, Group Inc. could also seek to elevate the priority of its guarantee obligations relating to its major subsidiaries derivative contracts or transfer them to another entity so that cross-default and early termination rights would be stayed under the ISDA Protocols, as applicable, which would result in holders of Group Inc. s eligible long-term debt and holders of Group Inc. s other debt securities incurring losses ahead of the beneficiaries of those guarantee obligations. It is also possible that holders of Group Inc. s eligible long-term debt and other debt securities could incur losses ahead of other similarly situated creditors of Group Inc. s major subsidiaries. 
 If Group Inc. s proposed resolution strategy were not successful, Group Inc. s financial condition would be adversely impacted and Group Inc. s security holders, including debtholders, may as a consequence be in a worse position than if the strategy had not been implemented. In all cases, any payments to debtholders are dependent on our ability to make such payments and are therefore subject to our credit risk. 

52 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

As a result of our recovery and resolution planning processes, including incorporating feedback from our regulators, we may incur increased operational, funding or other costs and face limitations on our ability to structure our internal organization or engage in internal or external activities in a manner that we may otherwise deem most operationally efficient. 
 Our commodities activities, particularly our physical commodities activities, subject us to extensive regulation and involve certain potential risks, including environmental, reputational and other risks that may expose us to significant liabilities and costs. 
 As part of our commodities business, we purchase and sell certain physical commodities, arrange for their storage and transport, and engage in market making of commodities. The commodities involved in these activities may include crude oil, refined oil products, natural gas, liquefied natural gas, electric power, agricultural products, metals (base and precious), minerals (including unenriched uranium), emission credits, coal, freight and related products and indices. 
 We make investments in and finance entities that engage in the production, storage and transportation of numerous commodities, including many of the commodities referenced above. 
 These activities subject us and/or the entities in which we invest to extensive and evolving federal, state and local energy, environmental, antitrust and other governmental laws and regulations worldwide, including environmental laws and regulations relating to, among others, air quality, water quality, waste management, transportation of hazardous substances, natural resources, site remediation and health and safety. Additionally, rising climate change concerns have led to additional regulation, regulatory scrutiny and disclosure obligations that have increased and could further increase the operating costs and could adversely affect the profitability of certain of our investments and activities. 
 There may be substantial costs in complying with current or future laws and regulations relating to our commodities-related activities and investments. Compliance with these laws and regulations requires significant commitments of capital toward environmental monitoring, renovation of storage facilities or transport vessels, payment of emission fees and carbon or other taxes, and application for, and holding of, permits and licenses. 

Commodities involved in our intermediation activities and investments are also subject to the risk of unforeseen or catastrophic events, which are likely to be outside of our control, including those arising from the breakdown or failure of transport vessels, storage facilities or other equipment or processes or other mechanical malfunctions, fires, leaks, spills or release of hazardous substances, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency, terrorist attacks, extreme weather events or other natural disasters or other hostile or catastrophic events. In addition, we rely on third-party suppliers or service providers to perform their contractual obligations and any failure on their part, including the failure to obtain raw materials at reasonable prices or to safely transport or store commodities, could expose us to costs or losses. Also, while we seek to insure against potential risks, we do not have insurance to cover some of these risks and the insurance that we have may be inadequate to cover our losses. 
 The occurrence of any of such events may prevent us from performing under our agreements with clients, may impair our operations or financial results and may result in litigation, regulatory action, negative publicity or other reputational harm. 
 We have made changes to and may also be required to divest or discontinue certain of these activities for regulatory or legal reasons or due to the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy in response to climate change. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 53 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Competition 
 Our results have been and may in the future be adversely affected by the composition of our client base. 
 Our client base is not the same as that of our major competitors. Our businesses may have a higher or lower percentage of clients in certain industries or markets than some or all of our competitors. Therefore, unfavorable industry developments or market conditions affecting certain industries or markets have resulted in the past and may result in the future in our businesses underperforming relative to similar businesses of a competitor if our businesses have a higher concentration of clients in such industries or markets. For example, our market-making businesses have a higher percentage of clients with actively managed assets than some of our competitors and such clients have in the past been and may in the future be disproportionately affected by low volatility. 
 Correspondingly, favorable or simply less adverse developments or market conditions involving industries or markets in a business where we have a lower concentration of clients in such industry or market have also resulted in the past and may result in the future in our underperforming relative to a similar business of a competitor that has a higher concentration of clients in such industry or market. For example, we have a smaller corporate client base in our market-making businesses than some of our peers and therefore those competitors may benefit more from increased activity by corporate clients. Similarly, we have not historically engaged in retail equities intermediation to the same extent as other financial institutions, which has in the past affected and could in the future adversely affect our market share in equities execution. 

The financial services industry is highly competitive. 
 The financial services industry and all of our businesses are intensely competitive, and we expect them to remain so. We compete on the basis of a number of factors, including transaction execution, our products and services, innovation, reputation, creditworthiness and price. There has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry. This has hastened the globalization of the securities and other financial services markets. As a result, we have had to commit capital to support our international operations and to execute large global transactions. As we have expanded into new business areas and new geographic regions, we have faced competitors with more experience and more established relationships with clients, regulators and industry participants in the relevant market, which could adversely affect our ability to expand our businesses. 
 Governments and regulators have adopted regulations, imposed taxes, adopted compensation restrictions or otherwise put forward various proposals that have impacted or may impact our ability to conduct certain of our businesses in a cost-effective manner or at all in certain or all jurisdictions, including proposals relating to restrictions on the type of activities in which financial institutions are permitted to engage. These or other similar rules, many of which do not apply to all our U.S. or non-U.S. competitors, could impact our ability to compete effectively. 
 Pricing and other competitive pressures in our businesses have continued to increase, particularly in situations where some of our competitors may seek to increase market share by reducing prices. For example, in connection with investment banking and other assignments, in response to competitive pressure we have experienced, we have extended and priced credit at levels that in some cases have not fully compensated us for the risks we undertook. 
 The financial services industry is highly interrelated in that a significant volume of transactions occur among a limited number of members of that industry. Many transactions are syndicated to other financial institutions, and financial institutions are often counterparties in transactions. This has led to claims by other market participants and regulators that such institutions have colluded in order to manipulate markets or market prices, including allegations that antitrust laws have been violated. While we have extensive procedures and controls that are designed to identify and prevent such activities, they may not be effective. Allegations of such activities, particularly by regulators, can have a negative reputational impact and can subject us to large fines and settlements, and potentially significant penalties, including treble damages. 

54 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new products and technologies, including trading and distributed ledger technologies, including cryptocurrencies, has increased competition. 
 Technology is fundamental to our business and our industry. The growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new technologies is changing our businesses and presenting us with new challenges. Securities, futures and options transactions are increasingly occurring electronically, both on our own systems and through other alternative trading systems, and it appears that the trend toward alternative trading systems will continue. Some of these alternative trading systems compete with us, particularly our exchange-based market-making activities, and we may experience continued competitive pressures in these and other areas. In addition, the increased use by our clients of low-cost electronic trading systems and direct electronic access to trading markets has caused and could continue to cause a reduction in commissions and spreads. As our clients increasingly use our systems to trade directly in the markets, we may incur liabilities as a result of their use of our order routing and execution infrastructure. 
 We have invested significant resources into the development of electronic trading systems and expect to continue to do so, but there is no assurance that the revenues generated by these systems will yield an adequate return, particularly given the generally lower commissions arising from electronic trades. 
 In addition, the emergence, adoption and evolution of new technologies, including distributed ledgers, such as digital assets and blockchain, and AI, have required us to invest resources to adapt our existing products and services, and we expect to continue to make such investments, which could be material. The adoption and evolution of such new technologies may also increase our compliance and regulatory costs. Further, technologies, such as those based on distributed ledgers, that do not require intermediation could also significantly disrupt payments processing and other financial services. Regulatory limitations on our involvement in products and platforms involving digital assets and distributed ledger technologies may not apply equally or in some cases at all to certain of our competitors. We may not be as timely or successful in developing or integrating, or even able to develop or integrate, new products and technologies, such as those built on distributed ledgers or AI technologies, into our existing products and services, adapting to changes in client preferences or achieving market acceptance of our products and services, any of which could affect our ability to attract or retain clients, cause us to lose market share or result in service disruptions and in turn reduce our revenues or otherwise adversely affect us. 

Our businesses would be adversely affected if we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees. 
 Our performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled people; therefore, our continued ability to compete effectively in our businesses, to manage our businesses effectively and to expand into new businesses and geographic areas depends on our ability to attract new talented and diverse employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. Factors that affect our ability to attract and retain such employees include the level and composition of our compensation and benefits, and our reputation as a successful business with a culture of fairly hiring, training and promoting qualified employees. As a significant portion of the compensation that we pay to our employees is in the form of year-end discretionary compensation, a significant portion of which is in the form of deferred equity-related awards, declines in our profitability, or in the outlook for our future profitability, as well as regulatory limitations on compensation levels and terms, can negatively impact our ability to hire and retain highly qualified employees. 
 Competition from within the financial services industry and from businesses outside the financial services industry, including the technology industry, for qualified employees has often been intense. We have experienced increased competition in hiring and retaining employees to address the demands of our consumer-oriented businesses and our technology initiatives. This is also the case in emerging and growth markets, where we are often competing for qualified employees with entities that have a significantly greater presence or more extensive experience in the region. 
 Laws or regulations in jurisdictions in which our operations are located that affect taxes on our employees income or the amount or composition of compensation, or that require us to disclose our or our competitors compensation practices, may also adversely affect our ability to hire and retain qualified employees in those jurisdictions. 
 As described further in Business Regulation Compensation Practices in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K, our compensation practices are subject to review by, and the standards of, the FRB. As a large global financial and banking institution, we are subject to limitations on compensation practices (which may or may not affect the companies with which we compete for talent) by the FRB, the PRA, the FCA, the FDIC and other regulators worldwide. These limitations have shaped our compensation practices, which has, in some cases, adversely affected our ability to attract and retain talented employees, in particular in relation to companies not subject to these limitations, and future legislation or regulation may have similar adverse effects. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 55 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Our operating expenses and efficiency ratio depend, in part, on our overall headcount and the proportion of our employees located in strategic locations. Our future human capital resource requirements and the benefits provided by strategic locations are uncertain, and we may not realize the benefits we anticipate. 
 Market Developments and General Business Environment 
 Our businesses, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations have been and may in the future be adversely affected by unforeseen or catastrophic events, including pandemics, terrorist attacks, wars, extreme weather events or other natural disasters. 
 The occurrence of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including pandemics or other widespread health emergencies (or concerns over the possibility of such an emergency), terrorist attacks, wars, extreme weather events, solar events or other natural disasters, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. These events could have such effects through economic or financial market disruptions or challenging economic or market conditions more generally, the deterioration of our creditworthiness or that of our counterparties, changes in consumer sentiment and consumer borrowing, spending and savings patterns, liquidity stress, or operational difficulties (such as travel limitations and limitations on occupancy in our offices) that impair our ability to manage our businesses. 
 Climate change could disrupt our businesses and adversely affect client activity levels and the creditworthiness of our clients and counterparties, and our actual or perceived action or inaction relating to climate change could result in damage to our reputation. 
 Climate change may cause extreme weather events that disrupt operations at one or more of our primary locations, which may negatively affect our ability to service and interact with our clients, adversely affect the value of our investments, including our real estate investments, and reduce the availability or increase the cost of insurance. Climate change and the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy may also have a negative impact on the operations or financial condition of our clients and counterparties, which may decrease revenues from those clients and counterparties and increase the credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to those clients and counterparties. In addition, climate change may impact the broader economy. 

We are also exposed to risks resulting from changes in public policy, laws and regulations, or market and public perceptions and preferences in connection with the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy. These changes could adversely affect our business, results of operations and reputation. For example, our reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of our or our clients involvement in, or decision not to participate in, certain industries or projects perceived to be associated with causing or exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to considerations relating to climate change. If we are unable to achieve our objectives relating to climate change or our response to climate change is perceived to be ineffective, insufficient or otherwise inappropriate, our business, reputation and efforts to recruit and retain employees may suffer. 
 New regulations or guidance relating to climate change, as well as the perspectives of government officials, regulators, shareholders, employees and other stakeholders regarding climate change, may affect whether and on what terms and conditions we engage in certain activities or offer certain products. Federal and state, and non-U.S. banking regulators and supervisory authorities, shareholders and other stakeholders have increasingly viewed financial institutions as playing an important role in helping to address risks related to climate change, both directly and with respect to their clients, which may result in financial institutions coming under increased requirements and expectations regarding the disclosure and management of their climate risks and related lending, investment and advisory activities. For example, in 2023 we participated in a pilot climate scenario analysis exercise conducted by the FRB. We are also subject to interagency guidance jointly issued by the FRB, FDIC, and OCC in October 2023 regarding principles for climate-related financial risk management for large financial institutions. In addition, in December 2022, the NYDFS issued proposed guidance on the management of material financial risks from climate change, which would apply to New York State-regulated banking and mortgage institutions, including GS Bank USA. In the E.U., the CSRD will become effective beginning with year-end 2024 reporting. The CSRD expands the scope of ESG disclosure required under E.U. rules. These regulations, guidance and expectations, as well as any additional or heightened requirements, could result in increased regulatory, compliance or other costs or higher capital requirements. The risks associated with, and the perspective of regulators, shareholders, employees and other stakeholders regarding, climate change are continuing to evolve rapidly, which can make it difficult to assess the ultimate impact on us of climate change-related risks and uncertainties, but we expect that climate change-related risks will increase over time. 

56 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations have been adversely affected by disruptions in the global economy caused by conflicts, and related sanctions and other developments. 
 The conflict between Russia and Ukraine has negatively affected the global economy. Governments around the world have responded to Russia s invasion by imposing economic sanctions and export controls on certain industry sectors, including price caps on Russian oil, and on Russian businesses and persons. Compliance with economic sanctions and restrictions imposed by governments has increased our costs and otherwise adversely affected our business and may continue to do so. Russia has responded with its own restrictions against investors and countries outside Russia and has proposed additional measures aimed at non-Russian owned businesses. Businesses in the U.S. and globally have experienced shortages in materials and increased costs for transportation, energy, and raw materials due in part to the negative effects of the conflict on the global economy. 
 The conflicts in the Middle East could also affect and harm our business and increase market uncertainty. The impact of these conflicts on our business and operations is uncertain and therefore cannot be predicted. 
 The escalation or continuation of these conflicts or other hostilities could result in, among other things, an increased risk of cyber attacks, an increased frequency and volume of failures to settle securities transactions, supply chain disruptions, higher inflation, lower consumer demand and increased volatility in commodity, currency and other financial markets. The extent and duration of the conflicts, sanctions and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, and the consequences for our business could be significant. If international political instability and geopolitical tensions continue or increase in any region in which we do business, our business and results of operations could be harmed. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Credit Risk Management Selected Exposures Country Exposures for further information about our credit exposure to Russia and Ukraine. 

Certain of our businesses and our funding instruments may be adversely affected by changes in reference rates, currencies, indexes, baskets or ETFs to which products we offer or funding that we raise are linked. 
 Many of the products that we own or that we offer, such as structured notes, warrants, swaps or security-based swaps, pay interest or determine the principal amount to be paid at maturity or in the event of default by reference to rates or by reference to an index, currency, basket, ETF or other financial metric (the underlier). In the event that the composition of the underlier is significantly changed, by reference to rules governing such underlier or otherwise, the underlier ceases to exist (for example, in the event that a country withdraws from the Euro or links its currency to or delinks its currency from another currency or benchmark, an index or ETF sponsor materially alters the composition of an index or ETF, or stocks in a basket are delisted or become impermissible to be included in the index or ETF), the underlier ceases to be recognized as an acceptable market benchmark or there are legal or regulatory constraints on linking a financial instrument to the underlier, we may experience adverse effects. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 57 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely affected by disruptions in the global economy caused by escalating tensions between the U.S. and China. 
 Continued or escalating tensions between the U.S. and China have resulted in and may result in additional changes to U.S. international trade and investment policies, which could disrupt international trade and investment, adversely affect financial markets, including market activity levels, and adversely impact our revenues. Continued or escalating tensions may also lead to the U.S., China or other countries taking other actions, which could include the implementation of sanctions, tariffs or foreign exchange measures, the large-scale sale of U.S. Treasury securities or restrictions on cross-border trade, investment or transfer of information or technology. Any such developments could adversely affect our or our clients businesses, as well as our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, possibly materially. 
 A conflict, or concerns about a potential conflict, involving China and Taiwan, the U.S. or other countries could negatively impact financial markets and our or our clients businesses. Trade restrictions by the U.S. or other countries in response to a conflict or potential conflict involving China, including financial and economic sanctions and export controls against certain organizations or individuals, or actions taken by China in response to trade restrictions, could negatively impact our or our clients ability to conduct business in certain countries or with certain counterparties and could negatively impact regional and global financial markets and economic conditions. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, possibly materially. 

We face enhanced risks as we operate in new locations and transact with a broader array of clients and counterparties. 
 Our businesses, have in the past, and may in the future, bring us into contact, directly or indirectly, with individuals and entities that are not within our traditional client and counterparty base, expose us to new asset classes and new markets, and present us with integration challenges. For example, we continue to transact business and invest in new regions, including a wide range of emerging and growth markets, and we expect this trend to continue. Various emerging and growth market countries have experienced severe economic and financial disruptions, including significant devaluations of their currencies, defaults or threatened defaults on sovereign debt, capital and currency exchange controls, and low or negative growth rates in their economies. The possible effects of any of these conditions include an adverse impact on our businesses and increased volatility in financial markets generally. 
 Furthermore, in a number of our businesses, including where we make markets, invest and lend, we own interests in, or otherwise become affiliated with the ownership and operation of, public services, such as airports, toll roads and shipping ports, as well as physical commodities and commodities infrastructure components, both within and outside the U.S. 
 In our consumer-oriented activities, we have faced and continue to face, additional compliance, legal and regulatory risk, increased reputational risk and increased operational risk due to, among other things, higher transaction volumes and significantly increased retention and transmission of consumer and client information. We are also subject to additional legal requirements, including with respect to suitability and consumer protection (for example, Regulation Best Interest, fair lending laws and regulations and privacy laws and regulations). Further, identity fraud may increase and credit reporting practices may change in a manner that makes it more difficult for financial institutions, such as us, to evaluate the creditworthiness of consumers. 
 We have increased and intend to further increase our transaction banking activities. As a result, we face additional compliance, legal and regulatory risk, including with respect to know-your-customer, anti-money laundering and reporting requirements and prohibitions on transfers of property belonging to countries, entities and individuals subject to sanctions by U.S. or other governmental authorities. We are making significant enhancements to existing controls, systems and procedures to manage these risks. 

58 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

New business initiatives expose us to new and enhanced risks, including risks associated with dealing with governmental entities, reputational concerns arising from dealing with different types of clients, business partners, counterparties and investors, greater regulatory scrutiny of these activities, increased credit-related, market, sovereign and operational risks, risks arising from accidents or acts of terrorism, and reputational concerns with the manner in which certain assets are being operated or held or in which we interact with these clients, business partners, counterparties and investors. Legal, regulatory and reputational risks may also exist in connection with activities and transactions involving new products or markets where there is regulatory uncertainty or where there are different or conflicting regulations depending on the regulator or the jurisdiction involved, particularly where transactions in such products may involve multiple jurisdictions. 
 We have developed and pursued new business and strategic initiatives, including acquisitions, and may continue to do so. If and to the extent we are unable to successfully execute those initiatives, we may incur unanticipated costs and losses, and face other adverse consequences, such as negative reputational effects. In addition, the actual effects of pursuing those initiatives may differ, possibly materially, from the benefits that we expect to realize from them, such as generating additional revenues, achieving expense savings, reducing operational risk exposures or using capital and funding more efficiently. Engaging in new activities exposes us to a variety of risks, including that we may be unable to successfully develop new, competitive, efficient and effective systems and processes, and hire and retain the necessary personnel. Due to our lack of historical experience with unsecured consumer lending, our loan loss assumptions may prove to be incorrect and we may incur losses significantly above those which we originally anticipated in entering the business or in expanding the product offerings for the business. 
 In recent years, we have invested, and may continue to invest, more in businesses that we expect will generate a higher level of more consistent revenues. Such investments and acquisitions may not be successful or have returns similar to our other businesses. 

We may not be able to fully realize the expected benefits or synergies from acquisitions or other business initiatives in the time frames we expect, or at all. 
 We have engaged in selective acquisitions and may continue to do so in the future and these acquisitions may, individually or in the aggregate, be material to us. Any future acquisitions could involve the issuance of common stock and/or the payment of cash as consideration. The success of our acquisitions will depend, in part, on our ability to integrate the acquired businesses and realize anticipated synergies, cost savings and growth opportunities. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2023, we entered into an agreement to sell GreenSky and sold PFM, both of which we had previously acquired, and in connection with the GreenSky disposition incurred a write-down of intangible assets and goodwill. We may face numerous risks and uncertainties in combining and integrating the relevant businesses and systems, including the need to combine or separate accounting and data processing systems and management controls and to integrate relationships with clients, counterparties, regulators and others in connection with acquisitions. Integration of acquired businesses is time-consuming and could disrupt our ongoing businesses, produce unforeseen regulatory or operating difficulties, cause us to incur incremental expenses or require incremental financial, management and other resources. It is also possible that an acquisition, once announced, may not close due to the failure to satisfy applicable closing conditions, such as the receipt of necessary shareholder or regulatory approvals. 
 There is no assurance that any of our acquisitions will be successfully integrated or yield all of the expected benefits and synergies in the time frames that we expect, or at all. If we are not able to integrate our acquisitions successfully, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 59 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 There are no material unresolved written comments that were received from the SEC staff 180 days or more before the end of our fiscal year relating to our periodic or current reports under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Cybersecurity Risk Management in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for further information about cybersecurity. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 In the U.S. and elsewhere in the Americas, we have offices consisting of approximately 6.6 million square feet of leased and owned space. Our principal executive offices are located at 200 West Street, New York, New York and consist of approximately 2.1 million square feet. The building is located on a parcel leased from Battery Park City Authority pursuant to a ground lease. Under the lease, Battery Park City Authority holds title to all improvements, including the office building, subject to our right of exclusive possession and use until June 2069, the expiration date of the lease. Under the terms of the ground lease, we made a lump sum ground rent payment in June 2007 of 161 million for rent through the term of the lease. 
 In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, we have offices consisting of approximately 1.9 million square feet of leased and owned space. Our European headquarters is located in London at Plumtree Court, consisting of approximately 826,000 square feet under a lease which can be terminated in 2039. 
 In Asia, Australia and New Zealand, we have offices consisting of approximately 3.1 million square feet, including our offices in India, and regional headquarters in Tokyo and Hong Kong. In India, we have offices with approximately 1.8 million square feet, the majority of which have leases that will expire starting in 2028. 
 In the preceding paragraphs, square footage figures are provided only for properties that are used in the operation of our businesses. We regularly evaluate our space capacity in relation to current and projected headcount. We may incur exit costs in the future if we (i) reduce our space capacity or (ii) commit to, or occupy, new properties in locations in which we operate and dispose of existing space that had been held for potential growth. These costs may be material to our operating results in a given period. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are involved in a number of judicial, regulatory and arbitration proceedings concerning matters arising in connection with the conduct of our businesses. Many of these proceedings are in early stages, and many of these cases seek an indeterminate amount of damages. We have estimated the upper end of the range of reasonably possible aggregate loss for matters where we have been able to estimate a range and we believe, based on currently available information, that the results of matters where we have not been able to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss, in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, but may be material to our operating results in a given period. Given the range of litigation and investigations presently under way, our litigation expenses may remain high. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Use of Estimates in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. See Notes 18 and 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for information about our reasonably possible aggregate loss estimate and judicial, regulatory and legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

60 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The principal market on which our common stock is traded is the NYSE under the symbol GS. Information relating to the performance of our common stock from December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2023 is set forth in Supplemental Financial Information Common Stock Performance in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. As of February 9, 2024, there were 5,543 holders of record of our common stock. 
 The table below presents purchases made by or on behalf of Group Inc. or any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Total Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program Dollar Value of Remaining Authorized Repurchases 
 in millions) 
 October 
 1,666,259 300.07 1,666,259 24,704 November 
 1,548,116 322.97 1,548,116 24,204 December 
 24,204 Total 3,214,375 3,214,375 

In February 2023, our Board approved a share repurchase program authorizing repurchases of up to 30 billion of our common stock. This program replaced our previous share repurchase program and has no set expiration or termination date. The share repurchases are effected primarily through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 and accelerated share repurchases), the amounts and timing of which are determined primarily by our current and projected capital position, and capital deployment opportunities, but which may also be influenced by general market conditions and the prevailing price and trading volumes of our common stock. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Management and Regulatory Capital Capital Management Share Repurchase Program in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for further information. 
 Information relating to compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance is presented in Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 61 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Introduction 
 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (Group Inc. or parent company), a Delaware corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, is a leading global financial institution that delivers a broad range of financial services to a large and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, we are headquartered in New York and maintain offices in all major financial centers around the world. We manage and report our activities in three business segments: Global Banking Markets, Asset Wealth Management and Platform Solutions. See Results of Operations for further information about our business segments. 
 When we use the terms we, us and our, we mean Group Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. When we use the term our subsidiaries, we mean the consolidated subsidiaries of Group Inc. References to this Form 10-K are to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. All references to the consolidated financial statements or Supplemental Financial Information are to Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. All references to 2023, 2022 and 2021 refer to our years ended, or the dates, as the context requires, December 31, 2023, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Any reference to a future year refers to a year ending on December 31 of that year. Certain reclassifications have been made to previously reported amounts to conform to the current presentation. 
 Group Inc. is a bank holding company and a financial holding company regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB). 

In this discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations, we have included information that constitutes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts or statements of current conditions, but instead represent only our beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control. 
 By identifying these statements for you in this manner, we are alerting you to the possibility that our actual results, financial condition, liquidity and capital actions may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results, financial condition, liquidity and capital actions in these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our results, financial condition, liquidity and capital actions to differ from those in these statements include, among others, those described in Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K and Forward-Looking Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. 

62 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 These statements may relate to, among other things, (i) our future plans and results, including our target return on average common shareholders equity (ROE), return on average tangible common shareholders equity (ROTE), efficiency ratio, Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio and firmwide assets under supervision (AUS) inflows, and how they can be achieved, (ii) trends in or growth opportunities for our businesses, including the timing, costs, profitability, benefits and other aspects of business and strategic initiatives and their impact on our efficiency ratio, (iii) our level of future compensation expense, including as a percentage of both operating expenses and net revenues, net of provision for credit losses, (iv) our Investment banking fees backlog and future results, (v) our expected interest income and interest expense, (vi) our expense savings and strategic locations initiatives, (vii) expenses we may incur, including future litigation expense, (viii) the projected growth of our deposits and other funding, asset liability management and funding strategies and related interest expense savings, (ix) our business initiatives, including transaction banking, (x) our planned 2024 benchmark debt issuances, (xi) the amount, composition and location of global core liquid assets (GCLA) we expect to hold, (xii) our credit exposures, (xiii) our expected provision for credit losses, (xiv) the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, (xv) the narrowing of our consumer business, (xvi) the objectives and effectiveness of our business continuity planning (BCP), information security program, risk management and liquidity policies, (xvii) our resolution plan and strategy and their implications for stakeholders, (xviii) the design and effectiveness of our resolution capital and liquidity models and triggers and alerts framework, (xix) the results of stress tests, the effect of changes to regulations, and our future status, activities or reporting under banking and financial regulation, (xx) our expected tax rate, (xxi) the future state of our liquidity and regulatory capital ratios, and our prospective capital distributions (including dividends and repurchases), (xxii) our expected stress capital buffer (SCB) and global systemically important bank G-SIB) surcharge, (xxiii) legal proceedings, governmental investigations or other contingencies, (xxiv) the asset recovery guarantee and our remediation activities related to our 1Malaysia Development Berhad settlements, (xxv) the effectiveness of our management of our human capital, including our diversity goals, (xxvi) our sustainability and carbon neutrality targets and goals, (xxvii) future inflation, (xxviii) the impact of Russia s invasion of Ukraine and related sanctions and other developments on our business, results and financial position, (xxix) our ability to sell, and the terms of any proposed sales of, Asset Wealth Management historical principal investments, and pending sale of GreenSky Holdings, LLC (GreenSky), (xxx) an agreement with General Motors (GM) regarding a process to transition their credit card program to another issuer to be selected by GM, (xxxi) the impact of the conflicts in the Middle East, (xxxii) our ability to manage our commercial real estate exposures, (xxxiii) the profitability of Platform Solutions, and (xxxiv) the effectiveness of our cybersecurity risk management process. 

Executive Overview 
 We generated net earnings of 8.52 billion for 2023, compared with 11.26 billion for 2022. Diluted earnings per common share (EPS) was 22.87 for 2023, compared with 30.06 for 2022. ROE was 7.5 for 2023, compared with 10.2 for 2022. Book value per common share was 313.56 as of December 2023, 3.3 higher compared with December 2022. 
 Net revenues were 46.25 billion for 2023, 2 lower than 2022, reflecting lower net revenues in Global Banking Markets, largely offset by higher net revenues in Platform Solutions and Asset Wealth Management. The decrease in net revenues in Global Banking Markets, compared with a strong prior year, reflected lower net revenues in Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities (FICC) and lower Investment banking fees. The increase in net revenues in Platform Solutions reflected significantly higher net revenues in Consumer platforms. The increase in net revenues in Asset Wealth Management primarily reflected higher Management and other fees. 
 Provision for credit losses was 1.03 billion for 2023, compared with 2.72 billion for 2022. Provisions for 2023 reflected net provisions related to both the credit card portfolio (primarily driven by net charge-offs) and wholesale loans (primarily driven by impairments). These net provisions were partially offset by reserve reductions of 637 million related to the transfer of the GreenSky installment loan portfolio to held for sale and 442 million related to the sale of substantially all of the Marcus by Goldman Sachs (Marcus) loans portfolio. Provisions for 2022 primarily reflected growth in the credit card portfolio, the impact of macroeconomic and geopolitical concerns and net charge-offs. 
 Operating expenses were 34.49 billion for 2023, 11 higher than 2022, primarily due to significantly higher impairments related to commercial real estate included in consolidated investment entities (CIEs) 1.46 billion recognized in 2023), a write-down of identifiable intangible assets of 506 million related to GreenSky and an impairment of goodwill of 504 million related to Consumer platforms, as well as the FDIC special assessment fee of 529 million. Our efficiency ratio (total operating expenses divided by total net revenues) was 74.6 for 2023, compared with 65.8 for 2022. 
 During 2023, we returned a total of 9.39 billion of capital to common shareholders, including 5.80 billion of common share repurchases and 3.59 billion of common stock dividends. As of December 2023, our CET1 capital ratio was 14.4 under the Standardized Capital Rules and 14.9 under the Advanced Capital Rules. See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our capital ratios. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 63 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Business Environment 
 In 2023, the global economy grew, but was impacted throughout the year by broad macroeconomic and geopolitical concerns. Concerns about persistent inflation and the economic outlook were somewhat eased by improvement in inflationary measures over the course of the year and increased expectations for a soft landing for the U.S. economy amid a slowdown in the pace of monetary policy tightening, both contributing to improved market sentiment. During the early part of the year, momentum was temporarily disrupted by stress in the banking sector, which led to the failure of certain regional banks in the U.S. and the combination of Switzerland s two largest financial institutions, resulting in a period of high interest rate volatility before concerns subsided after regional banks showed stability. Geopolitical stresses that carried over into 2023, including the conflict in Ukraine and ongoing tensions with China, remained elevated. Additionally, the renewed onset of conflict in the Middle East added to the uncertainty of global stability. The above factors contributed to higher global equity prices compared with the end of 2022 and pressure in the commercial real estate market. 
 There remains uncertainty and concerns about geopolitical risks, global central bank policy, inflation, the commercial real estate sector and potential increases in regulatory capital requirements. See Results of Operations Segment Assets and Operating Results Segment Operating Results for further information about the operating environment for each of our business segments. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Fair Value 
 Fair Value Hierarchy. Trading assets and liabilities, certain investments and loans, and certain other financial assets and liabilities, are included in our consolidated balance sheets at fair value (i.e., marked-to-market), with related gains or losses generally recognized in our consolidated statements of earnings. The use of fair value to measure financial instruments is fundamental to our risk management practices and is our most critical accounting policy. 

The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We measure certain financial assets and liabilities as a portfolio (i.e., based on its net exposure to market and/or credit risks). In determining fair value, the hierarchy under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) gives (i) the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities (level 1 inputs), (ii) the next priority to inputs other than level 1 inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly (level 2 inputs), and (iii) the lowest priority to inputs that cannot be observed in market activity (level 3 inputs). In evaluating the significance of a valuation input, we consider, among other factors, a portfolio s net risk exposure to that input. Assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to their fair value measurement. 
 The fair values for substantially all of our financial assets and liabilities are based on observable prices and inputs and are classified in levels 1 and 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Certain level 2 and level 3 financial assets and liabilities may require appropriate valuation adjustments that a market participant would require to arrive at fair value for factors, such as counterparty and our credit quality, funding risk, transfer restrictions, liquidity and bid/offer spreads. 
 Instruments classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are those which require one or more significant inputs that are not observable. Level 3 financial assets represented 1.5 as of December 2023 and 1.8 as of December 2022 of our total assets. See Notes 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about level 3 financial assets, including changes in level 3 financial assets and related fair value measurements. Absent evidence to the contrary, instruments classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are initially valued at transaction price, which is considered to be the best initial estimate of fair value. Subsequent to the transaction date, we use other methodologies to determine fair value, which vary based on the type of instrument. Estimating the fair value of level 3 financial instruments requires judgments to be made. These judgments include: 
 Determining the appropriate valuation methodology and/or model for each type of level 3 financial instrument; 
 Determining model inputs based on an evaluation of all relevant empirical market data, including prices evidenced by market transactions, interest rates, credit spreads, volatilities and correlations; and 
 Determining appropriate valuation adjustments, including those related to illiquidity or counterparty credit quality. 
 Regardless of the methodology, valuation inputs and assumptions are only changed when corroborated by substantive evidence. 

64 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Controls Over Valuation of Financial Instruments. Market makers and investment professionals in our revenue-producing units are responsible for pricing our financial instruments. Our control infrastructure is independent of the revenue-producing units and is fundamental to ensuring that all of our financial instruments are appropriately valued at market-clearing levels. In the event that there is a difference of opinion in situations where estimating the fair value of financial instruments requires judgment (e.g., calibration to market comparables or trade comparison, as described below), the final valuation decision is made by senior managers in independent risk oversight and control functions. This independent price verification is critical to ensuring that our financial instruments are properly valued. 
 Price Verification. All financial instruments at fair value classified in levels 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy are subject to our independent price verification process. The objective of price verification is to have an informed and independent opinion with regard to the valuation of financial instruments under review. Instruments that have one or more significant inputs which cannot be corroborated by external market data are classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Price verification strategies utilized by our independent risk oversight and control functions include: 
 Trade Comparison. Analysis of trade data (both internal and external, where available) is used to determine the most relevant pricing inputs and valuations. 
 External Price Comparison. Valuations and prices are compared to pricing data obtained from third parties (e.g., brokers or dealers, S P Global Services, Bloomberg, ICE Data Services, Pricing Direct, TRACE). Data obtained from various sources is compared to ensure consistency and validity. When broker or dealer quotations or third-party pricing vendors are used for valuation or price verification, greater priority is generally given to executable quotations. 
 Calibration to Market Comparables. Market-based transactions are used to corroborate the valuation of positions with similar characteristics, risks and components. 
 Relative Value Analyses. Market-based transactions are analyzed to determine the similarity, measured in terms of risk, liquidity and return, of one instrument relative to another or, for a given instrument, of one maturity relative to another. 
 Collateral Analyses. Margin calls on derivatives are analyzed to determine implied values, which are used to corroborate our valuations. 
 Execution of Trades. Where appropriate, market-making desks are instructed to execute trades in order to provide evidence of market-clearing levels. 
 Backtesting. Valuations are corroborated by comparison to values realized upon sales. 

See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about fair value measurements. 
 Review of Net Revenues. Independent risk oversight and control functions ensure adherence to our pricing policy through a combination of daily procedures, including the explanation and attribution of net revenues based on the underlying factors. Through this process, we independently validate net revenues, identify and resolve potential fair value or trade booking issues on a timely basis and seek to ensure that risks are being properly categorized and quantified. 
 Review of Valuation Models. Our independent model risk management group (Model Risk), consisting of quantitative professionals who are separate from model developers, performs an independent model review and validation process of our valuation models. New or changed models are reviewed and approved prior to implementation. Models are reviewed annually to assess the impact of any changes in the product or market and any market developments in pricing theories. See Risk Management Model Risk Management for further information about the review and validation of our valuation models. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 We estimate and record an allowance for credit losses related to our loans held for investment that are accounted for at amortized cost. To determine the allowance for credit losses, we classify our loans accounted for at amortized cost into wholesale and consumer portfolios. These portfolios represent the level at which we have developed and documented our methodology to determine the allowance for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective basis for loans that exhibit similar risk characteristics using a modeled approach and on an asset-specific basis for loans that do not share similar risk characteristics. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 65 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 The allowance for credit losses takes into account the weighted average of a range of forecasts of future economic conditions over the expected life of the loans and lending commitments. The expected life of each loan or lending commitment is determined based on the contractual term adjusted for extension options or demand features, or is modeled in the case of revolving credit card loans. The forecasts include baseline, favorable and adverse economic scenarios over a three-year period. For loans with expected lives beyond three years, the model reverts to historical loss information based on a non-linear modeled approach. We apply judgment in weighting individual scenarios each quarter based on a variety of factors, including our internally derived economic outlook, market consensus, recent macroeconomic conditions and industry trends. The forecasted economic scenarios consider a number of risk factors relevant to the wholesale and consumer portfolios. Risk factors for wholesale loans include internal credit ratings, industry default and loss data, expected life, macroeconomic indicators (e.g., unemployment rates and GDP), the borrower s capacity to meet its financial obligations, the borrower s country of risk and industry, loan seniority and collateral type. In addition, for loans backed by real estate, risk factors include the loan-to-value ratio, debt service ratio and home price index. The allowance for loan losses for wholesale loans that do not share similar risk characteristics, such as nonaccrual loans, is calculated using the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective rate, the observable market price of the loan, or, in the case of collateral dependent loans, the fair value of the collateral less estimated costs to sell, if applicable. Risk factors for installment and credit card loans include Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) credit scores, delinquency status, loan vintage and macroeconomic indicators. 
 The allowance for credit losses also includes qualitative components which allow management to reflect the uncertain nature of economic forecasting, capture uncertainty regarding model inputs, and account for model imprecision and concentration risk. 
 Our estimate of credit losses entails judgment about collectability at the reporting dates, and there are uncertainties inherent in those judgments. The allowance for credit losses is subject to a governance process that involves review and approval by senior management within our independent risk oversight and control functions. Personnel within our independent risk oversight and control functions are responsible for forecasting the economic variables that underlie the economic scenarios that are used in the modeling of expected credit losses. While we use the best information available to determine this estimate, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary based on, among other things, changes in the economic environment or variances between actual results and the original assumptions used. Loans are charged off against the allowance for loan losses when deemed to be uncollectible. 

We also record an allowance for credit losses on lending commitments which are held for investment that are accounted for at amortized cost. Such allowance is determined using the same methodology as the allowance for loan losses, while also taking into consideration the probability of drawdowns or funding, and whether such commitments are cancellable by us. 
 To estimate the potential impact of an adverse macroeconomic environment on our allowance for credit losses, we, among other things, compared the expected credit losses under the weighted average forecast used in the calculation of allowance for credit losses as of December 2023 (which was weighted towards the baseline and adverse economic scenarios) to the expected credit losses under a 100 weighted adverse economic scenario. The adverse economic scenario of the forecast model reflects a global recession in the first quarter of 2024 through the first quarter of 2025, resulting in an economic contraction and rising unemployment rates. A 100 weighting to the adverse economic scenario would have resulted in an approximate 0.7 billion increase in our allowance for credit losses as of December 2023. This hypothetical increase does not take into consideration any potential adjustments to qualitative reserves. The forecasts of macroeconomic conditions are inherently uncertain and do not take into account any other offsetting or correlated effects. The actual credit loss in an adverse macroeconomic environment may differ significantly from this estimate. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the allowance for credit losses. 

Use of Estimates 
 U.S. GAAP requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions. In addition to the estimates we make in connection with fair value measurements and the allowance for credit losses on loans and lending commitments held for investment and accounted for at amortized cost, the use of estimates and assumptions is also important in determining the accounting for goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, provisions for losses that may arise from litigation and regulatory proceedings (including governmental investigations), and accounting for income taxes. 

66 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that indicate an impairment may exist. When assessing goodwill for impairment, first, a qualitative assessment can be made to determine whether it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If the results of the qualitative assessment are not conclusive, a quantitative goodwill test is performed. Alternatively, a quantitative goodwill test can be performed without performing a qualitative assessment. Estimating the fair value of our reporting units requires judgment. Critical inputs to the fair value estimates include projected earnings, allocated equity, price-to-earnings multiples and price-to-book multiples. There is inherent uncertainty in the projected earnings. The carrying value of each reporting unit reflects an allocation of total shareholders equity and represents the estimated amount of total shareholders equity required to support the activities of the reporting unit under currently applicable regulatory capital requirements. During the second quarter of 2023, in connection with the exploration of a potential sale of GreenSky, we performed a quantitative goodwill test and determined that the goodwill associated with Consumer platforms was impaired, and accordingly, recorded a 504 million impairment. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we performed our annual assessment of goodwill for impairment, for each of our reporting units with goodwill, by performing a qualitative assessment. Multiple factors were assessed with respect to each of these reporting units to determine whether it was more likely than not that the estimated fair value of any of these reporting units was less than its carrying value. The qualitative assessment also considered changes since a quantitative test across all of our reporting units was last performed in 2022. As a result of the qualitative assessment, we determined that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with goodwill exceeded its respective carrying value. Therefore, we determined that goodwill for each reporting unit was not impaired and that a quantitative goodwill test was not required. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our annual assessment of goodwill for impairment. If we experience a prolonged or severe period of weakness in the business environment, financial markets, the performance of one or more of our reporting units or our common stock price, or additional increases in capital requirements, our goodwill could be impaired in the future. 
 Identifiable intangible assets are tested for impairment when events or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset s or asset group s carrying value may not be fully recoverable. Judgment is required to evaluate whether indications of potential impairment have occurred, and to test identifiable intangible assets for impairment, if required. An impairment is recognized if the estimated undiscounted cash flows relating to the asset or asset group is less than the corresponding carrying value. 

In the third quarter of 2023, in connection with the planned sale of GreenSky, we classified the related identifiable intangible assets, loa ns and other assets and associated liabilities as held for sale and recognized a 506 million write-down. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for f urther information about identifiable intangible assets. 
 We also estimate and provide for potential losses that may arise out of litigation and regulatory proceedings to the extent that such losses are probable and can be reasonably estimated. In addition, we estimate the upper end of the range of reasonably possible aggregate loss in excess of the related reserves for litigation and regulatory proceedings where we believe the risk of loss is more than slight. See Notes 18 and 27 to the consolidated financial statements for information about certain judicial, litigation and regulatory proceedings. Significant judgment is required in making these estimates and our final liabilities may ultimately be materially different. Our total estimated liability in respect of litigation and regulatory proceedings is determined on a case-by-case basis and represents an estimate of probable losses after considering, among other factors, the progress of each case, proceeding or investigation, our experience and the experience of others in similar cases, proceedings or investigations, and the opinions and views of legal counsel. 
 In accounting for income taxes, we recognize tax positions in the financial statements only when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on examination by the relevant taxing authority based on the technical merits of the position. As of December 2023, our liability for unrecognized tax benefits was 1.73 billion. We use estimates to recognize current and deferred income taxes in the U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate. The income tax laws in these jurisdictions are complex and can be subject to different interpretations between taxpayers and taxing authorities. Disputes may arise over these interpretations and can be settled by audit, administrative appeals or judicial proceedings. Our interpretations are reevaluated quarterly based on guidance currently available, tax examination experience and the opinions of legal counsel, among other factors. We recognize deferred taxes based on the amount that will more likely than not be realized in the future based on enacted income tax laws. As of December 2023, we had 10.19 billion of deferred tax assets with a related valuation allowance of 1.98 billion. Our estimate for deferred taxes includes estimates for future taxable earnings, including the level and character of those earnings, and various tax planning strategies. See Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about income taxes. 
 
 Recent Accounting Developments 
 See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for information about Recent Accounting Developments. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 67 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Results of Operations 
 The composition of our net revenues has varied over time as financial markets and the scope of our operations have changed. The composition of net revenues can also vary over the shorter term due to fluctuations in U.S. and global economic and market conditions. See Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for further information about the impact of economic and market conditions on our results of operations. For a discussion of our 2022 financial results compared with 2021, see Part II, Item 7 "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Financial Overview 
 The table below presents an overview of our financial results and selected financial ratios. 
 Year Ended December 
 in millions, except per share amounts 2023 2022 2021 Net revenues 46,254 47,365 59,339 Pre-tax earnings 10,739 13,486 27,044 Net earnings 8,516 11,261 21,635 Net earnings to common 7,907 10,764 21,151 Diluted EPS 22.87 30.06 59.45 ROE 7.5 10.2 23.0 ROTE 8.1 11.0 24.3 Net earnings to average assets 0.5 0.7 1.6 Return on shareholders equity 7.3 9.7 21.3 Average equity to average assets 7.5 7.5 7.4 Dividend payout ratio 45.9 29.9 10.9 
 Our target (through-the-cycle) is to achieve ROE within a range of 14 to 16 and ROTE within a range of 15 to 17 . 
 In the table above: 
 Net earnings to common represents net earnings applicable to common shareholders, which is calculated as net earnings less preferred stock dividends. 
 ROE is calculated by dividing net earnings to common by average monthly common shareholders equity. 
 ROTE is calculated by dividing net earnings to common by average monthly tangible common shareholders equity. Tangible common shareholders equity is calculated as total shareholders equity less preferred stock, goodwill and identifiable intangible assets. We believe that tangible common shareholders equity is meaningful because it is a measure that we and investors use to assess capital adequacy and that ROTE is meaningful because it measures the performance of businesses consistently, whether they were acquired or developed internally. Tangible common shareholders equity and ROTE are non-GAAP measures and may not be comparable to similar non-GAAP measures used by other companies. 

The table below presents our average equity and the reconciliation of average common shareholders equity to average tangible common shareholders equity. 
 Average for the Year Ended December 
 in millions 2023 2022 2021 Total shareholders equity 116,699 115,990 101,705 Preferred stock (10,895) (10,703) (9,876) Common shareholders equity 105,804 105,287 91,829 Goodwill (6,147) (5,726) (4,327) Identifiable intangible assets (1,736) (1,583) (536) Tangible common shareholders equity 97,921 97,978 86,966 
 Net earnings to average assets is calculated by dividing net earnings by average total assets. 
 Return on shareholders equity is calculated by dividing net earnings by average monthly shareholders equity. 
 Average equity to average assets is calculated by dividing average total shareholders equity by average total assets. 
 Dividend payout ratio is calculated by dividing dividends declared per common share by diluted EPS. 
 Net Revenues 
 The table below presents our net revenues by line item. 
 Year Ended December 
 in millions 2023 2022 2021 Investment banking 6,218 7,360 14,136 Investment management 9,532 9,005 8,171 Commissions and fees 3,789 4,034 3,590 Market making 18,238 18,634 15,357 Other principal transactions 2,126 654 11,615 Total non-interest revenues 39,903 39,687 52,869 Interest income 68,515 29,024 12,120 Interest expense 62,164 21,346 5,650 Net interest income 6,351 7,678 6,470 Total net revenues 46,254 47,365 59,339 
 In the table above: 
 Investment banking consists of revenues (excluding net interest) from financial advisory and underwriting assignments. These activities are included in Global Banking Markets. 
 Investment management consists of revenues (excluding net interest) from providing asset management and wealth advisory services across all major asset classes to a diverse set of clients. These activities are included in Asset Wealth Management. 
 Commissions and fees consists of revenues from executing and clearing client transactions on major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide, as well as over-the-counter (OTC) transactions. Substantially all of these activities are included in Global Banking Markets. 

68 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Market making consists of revenues (excluding net interest) from client execution activities related to making markets in interest rate products, credit products, mortgages, currencies, commodities and equity products. These activities are included in Global Banking Markets. 
 Other principal transactions consists of revenues (excluding net interest) from our equity investing activities, including revenues related to our consolidated investments (included in Asset Wealth Management), and debt investing and lending activities (included across our three segments). 
 Operating Environment. During 2023, the operating environment continued to be generally characterized by continued broad macroeconomic concerns, including the outlook for economic growth and inflation, and elevated geopolitical tensions. These factors weighed on industry-wide investment banking activity levels and market-making activity levels, and contributed to pressure in the commercial real estate market. However, improvements in the outlook for economic conditions contributed to generally higher global equity and bond prices compared with the end of 2022. In the U.S., inflationary measures improved, the rate of unemployment remained low and the pace of growth in consumer spending declined slightly compared with 2022. 
 If uncertainty and concerns about geopolitical tensions and the economic outlook remain elevated or grow, including those about global central bank policy, inflation, the commercial real estate sector, and potential increases in regulatory capital requirements, it may lead to a decline in asset prices, a further decline in market-making activity levels, or a further decline in investment banking activity levels, and net revenues and provision for credit losses would likely be negatively impacted. See Segment Assets and Operating Results Segment Operating Results for information about the operating environment and material trends and uncertainties that may impact our results of operations. 
 2023 versus 2022 
 Net revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were 46.25 billion for 2023, 2 lower than 2022, primarily reflecting lower net interest income and lower investment banking revenues, partially offset by significantly higher net revenues in other principal transactions. 
 Non-Interest Revenues. Investment banking revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were 6.22 billion for 2023, 16 lower than 2022, primarily due to significantly lower revenues in advisory, reflecting a significant decline in industry-wide completed mergers and acquisitions transactions, partially offset by significantly higher revenues in equity underwriting, primarily reflecting increased activity from secondary offerings. 

Investment management revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were 9.53 billion for 2023, 6 higher than 2022, due to higher management and other fees, primarily reflecting the impact of higher average AUS, including the impact of acquiring NN Investment Partners (NNIP). 
 Commissions and fees in the consolidated statements of earnings were 3.79 billion for 2023, 6 lower than 2022, primarily reflecting the impact of GreenSky in the prior year per iod. 
 Market making revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were 18.24 billion for 2023, 2 lower than 2022, reflecting significantly lower revenues in FICC and Equities intermediation, largely offset by significantly higher revenues in FICC and Equities financing. The decrease from intermediation activities reflected significantly lower revenues in equity derivatives, commodities and currencies, partially offset by significantly improved results in mortgages. The increase from financing activities primarily reflected significantly higher revenues from equity financing. 
 Other principal transactions revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were 2.13 billion for 2023, 225 higher than 2022, primarily reflecting net gains from derivatives related to our borrowings. 
 Net Interest Income. Net interest income in the consolidated statements of earnings was 6.35 billion for 2023, 17 lower than 2022, reflecting a significant increase in interest expense primarily related to other interest-bearing liabilities, deposits, collateralized financings, and borrowings, each reflecting the impact of higher average interest rates. The increase in interest expense was partially offset by a significant increase in interest income primarily related to collateralized agreements, other interest-earning assets, deposits with banks, and loans, each reflecting the impact of higher average interest rates. See Supplemental Financial Information Statistical Disclosures Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders Equity for further information about our sources of net interest income. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 69 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Provision for Credit Losses 
 Provision for credit losses consists of provision for credit losses on financial assets and commitments accounted for at amortized cost, including loans and lending commitments held for investment. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the provision for credit losses on loans and lending commitments. 
 The table below presents our provision for credit losses. 
 Year Ended December in millions 2023 2022 2021 Provision for credit losses 1,028 2,715 357 
 2023 versus 2022. Provision for credit losses in the consolidated statements of earnings was 1.03 billion for 2023, compared with 2.72 billion for 2022. Provisions for 2023 reflected net provisions related to both the credit card portfolio (primarily driven by net charge-offs) and wholesale loans (primarily driven by impairments). These net provisions were partially offset by reserve reductions of 637 million related to the transfer of the GreenSky installment loan portfolio to held for sale and 442 million related to the sale of substantially all of the Marcus loans portfolio. Provisions for 2022 primarily reflected growth in the credit card portfolio, the impact of macroeconomic and geopolitical concerns and net charge-offs. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses are primarily influenced by compensation, headcount and levels of business activity. Compensation and benefits includes salaries, year-end discretionary compensation, amortization of equity awards and other items such as benefits. Discretionary compensation is significantly impacted by, among other factors, the level of net revenues, net of provision for credit losses, overall financial performance, prevailing labor markets, business mix, the structure of our share-based compensation programs and the external environment. 
 The table below presents our operating expenses by line item and headcount. 
 Year Ended December in millions 2023 2022 2021 Compensation and benefits 15,499 15,148 17,719 Transaction based 5,698 5,312 4,710 Market development 629 812 553 Communications and technology 1,919 1,808 1,573 Depreciation and amortization 4,856 2,455 2,015 Occupancy 1,053 1,026 981 Professional fees 1,623 1,887 1,648 Other expenses 3,210 2,716 2,739 Total operating expenses 34,487 31,164 31,938 Headcount at period-end 45,300 48,500 43,900 

2023 versus 2022. Operating expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings were 34.49 billion for 2023, 11 higher than 2022. Our efficiency ratio was 74.6 for 2023, compared with 65.8 for 2022. 
 The increase in operating expenses compared with 2022 primarily reflected significantly higher impairments related to commercial real estate within CIEs 1.46 billion recognized in 2023), a write-down of identifiable intangible assets of 506 million related to GreenSky and an impairment of goodwill of 504 million related to Consumer platforms (all in depreciation and amortization), as well as the FDIC special assessment fee of 529 million (in other expenses). Net provisions for litigation and regulatory proceedings were 115 million for 2023 compared with 576 million for 2022. 
 As of December 2023, headcount decreased 7 compared with December 2022 , primarily reflecting a headcount reduction initiative during the year . 
 Provision for Taxes 
 The effective income tax rate for 2023 was 20.7 , up from the full year income tax rate of 16.5 for 2022, primarily resulting from an increase in taxes on non-U.S. earnings in 2023, partially offset by an increase in the impact of permanent tax benefits for 2023 compared with 2022. 
 In May 2023, the New York State fiscal year 2024 budget was enacted. The legislation extends the temporary increase in the New York State corporate income tax rate from 6.5 to 7.25 through calendar year 2026. In December 2023, the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance published final regulations that implemented comprehensive franchise tax reform for corporations, banks and insurance companies, which was enacted in 2014. The legislation and final regulations did not have a material impact on our 2023 annual effective tax rate and are not expected to have a material impact on our 2024 annual effective tax rate. 
 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (Pillar II) aim to ensure that multinationals with revenues in excess of EUR 750 million pay a minimum effective corporate tax rate of 15 in each jurisdiction in which they operate. The U.K. and other jurisdictions in which we operate have adopted certain portions of the OECD directive (Pillar II legislation) effective beginning in calendar year 2024. In February 2023, the U.S. Financial Accounting Standards Board released guidance that it believes Pillar II is an alternative minimum tax, and therefore deferred tax assets and liabilities should not be remeasured for its estimated future effects and any additional tax should be recognized in the period incurred. We do not expect the impact on our 2024 annual effective tax rate to be material. 
 We expect our 2024 tax rate to be approximately 22 , including the impact of any Pillar II taxes, based on our current interpretation of the guidance published by the OECD and enacted legislation. 

70 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Seg ment Assets and Operating Results 
 Segment Assets. The table below presents assets by segment. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Global Banking Markets 
 1,381,247 1,169,539 Asset Wealth Management 
 191,863 214,970 Platform Solutions 
 68,484 57,290 Total 1,641,594 1,441,799 
 The allocation process for segment assets is based on the activities of these segments. The allocation of assets includes allocation of GCLA (which consists of unencumbered, highly liquid securities and cash), which is generally included within cash and cash equivalents, collateralized agreements and trading assets on our balance sheet. Due to the integrated nature of these segments, estimates and judgments are made in allocating these assets. See Risk Management Liquidity Risk Management for further information about our GCLA. 

Segment Operating Results. The table below presents our segment operating results. 
 Year Ended December 
 in millions 2023 2022 2021 Global Banking Markets 
 Net revenues 29,996 32,487 36,734 Provision for credit losses 401 468 (171) Operating expenses 18,040 17,851 19,542 Pre-tax earnings 11,555 14,168 17,363 Net earnings to common 8,703 11,458 13,535 Average common equity 71,863 69,951 60,064 Return on average common equity 12.1 16.4 22.5 Asset Wealth Management 
 Net revenues 13,880 13,376 21,965 Provision for credit losses (508) 519 (169) Operating expenses 13,029 11,550 11,406 Pre-tax earnings 1,359 1,307 10,728 Net earnings to common 952 979 8,459 Average common equity 30,078 31,762 29,988 Return on average common equity 3.2 3.1 28.2 Platform Solutions 
 Net revenues 2,378 1,502 640 Provision for credit losses 1,135 1,728 697 Operating expenses 3,418 1,763 990 Pre-tax earnings/(loss) 
 (2,175) (1,989) (1,047) Net earnings/(loss) to common 
 (1,748) (1,673) (843) Average common equity 3,863 3,574 1,777 Return on average common equity (45.2) (46.8) (47.4) Total 
 Net revenues 
 46,254 47,365 59,339 Provision for credit losses 
 1,028 2,715 357 Operating expenses 
 34,487 31,164 31,938 Pre-tax earnings 
 10,739 13,486 27,044 Net earnings to common 7,907 10,764 21,151 Average common equity 105,804 105,287 91,829 Return on average common equity 7.5 10.2 23.0 
 Net revenues in our segments include allocations of interest income and expense to specific positions in relation to the cash generated by, or funding requirements of, such positions. See Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our business segments. 
 The allocation of common shareholders equity and preferred stock dividends to each segment is based on the estimated amount of equity required to support the activities of the segment under relevant regulatory capital requirements. Net earnings for each segment is calculated by applying the firmwide tax rate to each segment s pre-tax earnings. 
 Compensation and benefits expenses within our segments reflect, among other factors, our overall performance, as well as the performance of individual businesses. Consequently, pre-tax margins in one segment of our business may be significantly affected by the performance of our other business segments. A description of segment operating results follows. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 71 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Global Banking Markets 
 Global Banking Markets generates revenues from the following: 
 Investment banking fees. We provide advisory and underwriting services and help companies raise capital to strengthen and grow their businesses. Investment banking fees includes the following: 
 Advisory. Includes strategic advisory assignments with respect to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense activities, restructurings and spin-offs. 
 Underwriting. Includes public offerings and private placements in both local and cross-border transactions of a wide range of securities and other financial instruments, including acquisition financing. 
 FICC. FICC generates revenues from intermediation and financing activities. 
 FICC intermediation. Includes client execution activities related to making markets in both cash and derivative instruments, as detailed below. 
 Interest Rate Products. Government bonds (including inflation-linked securities) across maturities, other government-backed securities, and interest rate swaps, options and other derivatives. 
 Credit Products . Investment-grade and high-yield corporate securities, credit derivatives, exchange-traded funds (ETFs), bank and bridge loans, municipal securities, distressed debt and trade claims. 
 Mortgages. Commercial mortgage-related securities, loans and derivatives, residential mortgage-related securities, loans and derivatives (including U.S. government agency-issued collateralized mortgage obligations and other securities and loans), and other asset-backed securities, loans and derivatives. 
 Currencies. Currency options, spot/forwards and other derivatives on G-10 currencies and emerging-market products. 
 Commodities. Commodity derivatives and, to a lesser extent, physical commodities, involving crude oil and petroleum products, natural gas, agricultural, base, precious and other metals, electricity, including renewable power, environmental products and other commodity products. 
 
 FICC financing. Includes (i) secured lending to our clients through structured credit and asset-backed lending, including warehouse loans backed by mortgages (including residential and commercial mortgage loans), corporate loans and consumer loans (including auto loans and private student loans), (ii) financing through securities purchased under agreements to resell (resale agreements) and (iii) commodity financing to clients through structured transactions. 

Equities. Equities generates revenues from intermediation and financing activities. 
 Equities intermediation. We make markets in equity securities and equity-related products, including ETFs, convertible securities, options, futures and OTC derivative instruments. We also structure and make markets in derivatives on indices, industry sectors, financial measures and individual company stocks. Our exchange-based market-making activities include making markets in stocks and ETFs, futures and options on major exchanges worldwide. In addition, we generate commissions and fees from executing and clearing institutional client transactions on major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide, as well as OTC transactions. 
 Equities financing. Includes prime financing, which provides financing to our clients for their securities trading activities through margin loans that are collateralized by securities, cash or other collateral. Prime financing also includes services which involve lending securities to cover institutional clients short sales and borrowing securities to cover our short sales and to make deliveries into the market. We are also an active participant in broker-to-broker securities lending and third-party agency lending activities. In addition, we execute swap transactions to provide our clients with exposure to securities and indices. Financing activities also include portfolio financing, which clients can utilize to manage their investment portfolios, and other equity financing activities, including securities-based loans to individuals. 
 Market-Making Activities 
 As a market maker, we facilitate transactions in both liquid and less liquid markets, primarily for institutional clients, such as corporations, financial institutions, investment funds and governments, to assist clients in meeting their investment objectives and in managing their risks. In this role, we seek to earn the difference between the price at which a market participant is willing to sell an instrument to us and the price at which another market participant is willing to buy it from us, and vice versa (i.e., bid/offer spread). In addition, we maintain (i) market-making positions, typically for a short period of time, in response to, or in anticipation of, client demand, and (ii) positions to actively manage our risk exposures that arise from these market-making activities (collectively, inventory). Our inventory is recorded in trading assets (long positions) or trading liabilities (short positions) in our consolidated balance sheets. 

72 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Our results are influenced by a combination of interconnected drivers, including (i) client activity levels and transactional bid/offer spreads (collectively, client activity), and (ii) changes in the fair value of our inventory and interest income and interest expense related to the holding, hedging and funding of our inventory (collectively, market-making inventory changes). Due to the integrated nature of our market-making activities, disaggregation of net revenues into client activity and market-making inventory changes is judgmental and has inherent complexities and limitations. 
 The amount and composition of our net revenues vary over time as these drivers are impacted by multiple interrelated factors affecting economic and market conditions, including volatility and liquidity in the market, changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates, credit spreads, equity prices and commodity prices, investor confidence, and other macroeconomic concerns and uncertainties. 
 In general, assuming all other market-making conditions remain constant, increases in client activity levels or bid/offer spreads tend to result in increases in net revenues, and decreases tend to have the opposite effect. However, changes in market-making conditions can materially impact client activity levels and bid/offer spreads, as well as the fair value of our inventory. For example, a decrease in liquidity in the market could have the impact of (i) increasing our bid/offer spread, (ii) decreasing investor confidence and thereby decreasing client activity levels, and (iii) widening of credit spreads on our inventory positions. 
 Other. We lend to corporate clients, including through relationship lending and acquisition financing. The hedges related to this lending and financing activity are also reported as part of Other. Other also includes equity and debt investing activities related to our Global Banking Markets activities. 
 The table below presents our Global Banking Markets assets. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Cash and cash equivalents 168,857 167,203 Collateralized agreements 401,554 380,157 Customer and other receivables 117,633 122,037 Trading assets 435,275 272,788 Investments 122,350 103,229 Loans 117,464 107,648 Other assets 18,114 16,477 Total 1,381,247 1,169,539 

The table below presents details about our Global Banking Markets loans. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Corporate 24,159 25,776 Real estate 
 34,813 33,215 Securities-based 
 3,758 3,857 Other collateralized 
 55,527 45,407 Installment 
 173 Other 475 561 Loans, gross 118,905 108,816 Allowance for loan losses (1,441) (1,168) Total loans 117,464 107,648 
 Our average Global Banking Markets gross loans were 112.07 billion for 2023 and 105.11 billion for 2022. 
 The table below presents our Global Banking Markets operating results. 
 Year Ended December 
 in millions 2023 2022 2021 Advisory 
 3,299 4,704 5,654 Equity underwriting 
 1,153 848 4,985 Debt underwriting 1,764 1,808 3,497 Investment banking fees 
 6,216 7,360 14,136 FICC intermediation 
 9,318 11,890 8,714 FICC financing 
 2,742 2,786 1,897 FICC 
 12,060 14,676 10,611 Equities intermediation 
 6,489 6,662 7,707 Equities financing 
 5,060 4,326 4,015 Equities 
 11,549 10,988 11,722 Other 
 171 (537) 265 Net revenues 29,996 32,487 36,734 Provision for credit losses 401 468 (171) Operating expenses 18,040 17,851 19,542 Pre-tax earnings 11,555 14,168 17,363 Provision for taxes 2,392 2,338 3,473 Net earnings 9,163 11,830 13,890 Preferred stock dividends 460 372 355 Net earnings to common 8,703 11,458 13,535 Average common equity 
 71,863 69,951 60,064 Return on average common equity 12.1 16.4 22.5 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 73 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 The table below presents our FICC and Equities net revenues by line item in the consolidated statements of earnings. 
 in millions FICC Equities Year Ended December 2023 
 Market making 10,632 7,606 Commissions and fees 3,736 Other principal transactions 656 81 Net interest income 772 126 Total 12,060 11,549 Year Ended December 2022 
 Market making 12,422 6,212 Commissions and fees 3,791 Other principal transactions 377 41 Net interest income 1,877 944 Total 14,676 10,988 Year Ended December 2021 Market making 7,690 7,667 Commissions and fees 3,514 Other principal transactions 362 72 Net interest income 2,559 469 Total 10,611 11,722 
 In the table above: 
 See Net Revenues for information about market making revenues, commissions and fees, other principal transactions revenues and net interest income. See Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for net interest income by segment. 
 The primary driver of net revenues for FICC intermediation for all periods was client activity. 
 The table below presents our financial advisory and underwriting transaction volumes. 
 Year Ended December 
 in billions 2023 2022 2021 Announced mergers and acquisitions 923 1,209 1,770 Completed mergers and acquisitions 1,008 1,357 1,588 Equity and equity-related offerings 43 33 140 Debt offerings 209 222 341 
 In the table above: 
 Volumes are per Dealogic. 
 Announced and completed mergers and acquisitions volumes are based on full credit to each of the advisors in a transaction. Equity and equity-related and debt offerings are based on full credit for single book managers and equal credit for joint book managers. Transaction volumes may not be indicative of net revenues in a given period. In addition, transaction volumes for prior periods may vary from amounts previously reported due to the subsequent withdrawal or a change in the value of a transaction. 
 Equity and equity-related offerings includes Rule 144A and public common stock offerings, convertible offerings and rights offerings. 

Debt offerings includes non-convertible preferred stock, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and taxable municipal debt. It also includes publicly registered and Rule 144A iss ues and excludes leveraged loans. 
 Operating Environment. During 2023, Global Banking Markets operated in an environment generally characterized by continued broad macroeconomic concerns, including the outlook for economic growth and inflation, and elevated geopolitical stresses. These factors weighed on industry-wide investment banking activity levels and market-making activity levels. 
 In investment banking, industry-wide completed mergers and acquisitions transactions declined compared with elevated levels in the prior year, while industry-wide equity and debt underwriting volumes remained below historical averages. 
 In interest rates, the yields on 10-year U.S. and U.K government bonds increased during the middle of the year before declining to yields near where they ended in 2022. In equities, the S P 500 Index increased by 24 and the MSCI World Index increased by 20 compared with the end of 2022. 
 In the future, if market and economic conditions deteriorate, and market-making activity levels decline further or investment banking activity levels decline further, or credit spreads related to hedges on our relationship lending portfolio tighten, net revenues in Global Banking Markets would likely be negatively impacted. In addition, if economic conditions deteriorate further or if the creditworthiness of borrowers deteriorates, provision for credit losses would likely be negatively impacted. 
 2023 versus 2022. Net revenues in Global Banking Markets were 30.00 billion for 2023, 8 lower than a strong 2022. 
 Investment banking fees were 6.22 billion, 16 lower than 2022, due to significantly lower net revenues in Advisory, reflecting a significant decline in industry-wide completed mergers and acquisitions transactions, and slightly lower net revenues in Debt underwriting, partially offset by significantly higher net revenues in Equity underwriting, primarily reflecting increased activity from secondary offerings. 
 As of December 2023, our Investment banking fees backlog decreased compared with the end of 2022, due to significantly lower estimated net revenues from both potential equity underwriting transactions (primarily from initial public offerings) and potential debt underwriting transactions (primarily from structured finance offerings). 

74 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Our backlog represents an estimate of our net revenues from future transactions where we believe that future revenue realization is more likely than not. We believe changes in our backlog may be a useful indicator of client activity levels which, over the long term, impact our net revenues. However, the time frame for completion and corresponding revenue recognition of transactions in our backlog varies based on the nature of the assignment, as certain transactions may remain in our backlog for longer periods of time. In addition, our backlog is subject to certain limitations, such as assumptions about the likelihood that individual client transactions will occur in the future. Transactions may be cancelled or modified, and transactions not included in the estimate may also occur. 
 Net revenues in FICC were 12.06 billion, 18 lower than a strong 2022 , reflecting significantly lower net revenues in FICC intermediation, driven by significantly lower net revenues in currencies and commodities and slightly lower net revenues in interest rate products, partially offset by significantly higher net revenues in mortgages and higher net revenues in credit products. Net revenues in FICC financing were slightly lower. 
 The decrease in FICC intermediation net revenues reflected significantly lower client activity (as activity in the prior year benefited from volatility in the macroeconomic environment). The following provides information about our FICC intermediation net revenues by business, compared with results for 2022: 
 Net revenues in currencies, commodities and interest rate products primarily reflected lower client activity. 
 Net revenues in mortgages and credit products primarily reflected the impact of improved market-making conditions on our inventory. 
 Net revenues in Equities were 11.55 billion, 5 higher than 2022, due to higher net revenues in Equities financing (reflecting significantly higher net revenues in prime financing), partially offset by slightly lower net revenues in Equities intermediation (reflecting lower net revenues in cash products). 
 Net revenues in Other were 171 million, compared with (537) million for 2022, reflecting the absence of net mark-downs on acquisition financing activities included in the prior year and net gains from direct investments compared with net losses in the prior year. These improvements were partially offset by significantly higher net losses on hedges. 
 Provision for credit losses was 401 million for 2023, compared with 468 million for 2022. Provisions for 2023 primarily reflected net provisions related to the commercial real estate portfolio. Provisions for 2022 primarily reflected the impact of broad macroeconomic and geopolitical concerns. 

Operating expenses were 18.04 billion for 2023, essentially unchanged compared with 2022. Pre-tax earnings were 11.56 billion for 2023, 18 lower than 2022. 
 Asset Wealth Management 
 Asset Wealth Management provides investment services to help clients preserve and grow their financial assets and achieve their financial goals. We provide these services to our clients, both institutional and individuals, including investors who primarily access our products through a network of third-party distributors around the world. 
 We manage client assets across a broad range of investment strategies and asset classes, including equity, fixed income and alternative investments. We provide investment solutions, including those managed on a fiduciary basis by our portfolio managers, as well as those managed by third-party managers. We offer our investment solutions in a variety of structures, including separately managed accounts, mutual funds, private partnerships and other commingled vehicles. 
 We also provide tailored wealth advisory services to clients across the wealth spectrum. We operate globally, serving individuals, families, family offices, and foundations and endowments. Our relationships are established directly or introduced through companies that sponsor financial wellness or financial planning programs for their employees, as well as through corporate referrals. During 2023, we sold our Personal Financial Management (PFM) business. 
 We offer personalized financial planning to individuals and also provide customized investment advisory solutions, and offer structuring and execution capabilities in securities and derivative products across all major global markets. In addition, we offer clients a full range of private banking services, including a variety of deposit alternatives and loans that our clients use to finance investments in both financial and nonfinancial assets, bridge cash flow timing gaps or provide liquidity and flexibility for other needs. 
 We invest alongside our clients that invest in investment funds that we raise or manage. We also have investments in alternative assets across a range of asset classes. Our investing activities, which are typically longer-term, include investments in corporate equity, credit, real estate and infrastructure assets. 
 We also raise deposits and have issued unsecured loans to consumers through Marcus. During 2023, we completed the sale of substantially all of the Marcus loans portfolio. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 75 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Asset Wealth Management generates revenues from the following: 
 Management and other fees. We receive fees related to managing assets for institutional and individual clients, providing investing and wealth advisory solutions, providing financial planning and counseling services, and executing brokerage transactions for wealth management clients. The vast majority of revenues in management and other fees consists of asset-based fees on client assets that we manage. For further information about assets under supervision, see Assets Under Supervision below. The fees that we charge vary by asset class, client channel and the types of services provided, and are affected by investment performance, as well as asset inflows and redemptions. 
 Incentive fees. In certain circumstances, we also receive incentive fees based on a percentage of a fund s or a separately managed account s return, or when the return exceeds a specified benchmark or other performance targets. Such fees include overrides, which consist of the increased share of the income and gains derived primarily from our private equity and credit funds when the return on a fund s investments over the life of the fund exceeds certain threshold returns. 
 Private banking and lending. Our private banking and lending activities include issuing loans to our wealth management clients. We also accept deposits from wealth management clients, including through Marcus. We also issued unsecured loans to consumers through Marcus. During the first half of 2023, we completed the sale of substantially all of this portfolio. Additionally, we provide investing services through Marcus Invest to U.S. customers. Private banking and lending revenues include net interest income allocated to deposits and net interest income earned on loans to individual clients. 
 Equity investments. Includes investing activities related to our asset management activities primarily related to public and private equity investments in corporate, real estate and infrastructure assets. We also make investments through CIEs, substantially all of which are engaged in real estate investment activities. In addition, we make investments in connection with our activities to satisfy requirements under the Community Reinvestment Act, primarily through our Urban Investment Group. 

Debt investments. Includes lending activities related to our asset management activities, including investing in corporate debt, lending to middle-market clients, and providing financing for real estate and other assets. These activities include investments in mezzanine debt, senior debt and distressed debt securities. 
 The table below presents our Asset Wealth Management assets. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Cash and cash equivalents 48,677 54,065 Collateralized agreements 14,020 23,723 Customer and other receivables 14,859 13,409 Trading assets 27,324 19,860 Investments 24,487 27,400 Loans 45,866 56,338 Other assets 16,630 20,175 Total 191,863 214,970 
 The table below presents details about our Asset Wealth Management loans. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Corporate 11,715 14,359 Real estate 16,603 18,699 Securities-based 
 10,863 12,814 Other collateralized 
 6,698 6,295 Installment 
 4,474 Other 1,121 1,700 Loans, gross 47,000 58,341 Allowance for loan losses (1,134) (2,003) Total loans 45,866 56,338 
 The average Asset Wealth Management gross loans were 51.98 billion for 2023 and 59.35 billion for 2022. 
 The table below presents our Asset Wealth Management operating results. 
 Year Ended December 
 in millions 2023 2022 2021 Management and other fees 9,486 8,781 7,750 Incentive fees 161 359 616 Private banking and lending 
 2,576 2,458 1,661 Equity investments 342 610 8,794 Debt investments 
 1,315 1,168 3,144 Net revenues 13,880 13,376 21,965 Provision for credit losses (508) 519 (169) Operating expenses 13,029 11,550 11,406 Pre-tax earnings 
 1,359 1,307 10,728 Provision for taxes 
 281 215 2,146 Net earnings 
 1,078 1,092 8,582 Preferred stock dividends 126 113 123 Net earnings to common 
 952 979 8,459 Average common equity 
 30,078 31,762 29,988 Return on average common equity 3.2 3.1 28.2 
 Our target is to achieve annual firmwide management and other fees of more than 10 billion in 2024. This includes more than 2 billion from alternatives, which was surpassed in 2023. 

76 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Our target is to achieve pre-tax margins in the mid-twenties and ROE in the mid-teens within the medium term (three to five year time horizon from year-end 2022) for Asset Wealth Management. 
 The table below presents our Asset management and Wealth management net revenues by line item in Asset Wealth Management. 
 in millions Asset management Wealth management Asset Wealth Management Year Ended December 2023 Management and other fees 4,207 5,279 9,486 Incentive fees 161 161 Private banking and lending 2,576 2,576 Equity investments (7) 349 342 Debt investments 1,315 1,315 Total 5,676 8,204 13,880 Year Ended December 2022 Management and other fees 3,817 4,964 8,781 Incentive fees 359 359 Private banking and lending 2,458 2,458 Equity investments 610 610 Debt investments 1,168 1,168 Total 5,954 7,422 13,376 Year Ended December 2021 Management and other fees 2,918 4,832 7,750 Incentive fees 616 616 Private banking and lending 1,661 1,661 Equity investments 8,794 8,794 Debt investments 3,144 3,144 Total 15,472 6,493 21,965 
 The table below presents our Equity investments net revenues by equity type and asset class. 
 Year Ended December 
 in millions 2023 2022 2021 Equity Type Private equity 361 2,078 8,826 Public equity (19) (1,468) (32) Total 342 610 8,794 Asset Class 
 Real estate (181) 1,482 2,489 Corporate 523 (872) 6,305 Total 342 610 8,794 
 The table below presents details about our Debt investments net revenues. 
 Year Ended December 
 in millions 2023 2022 2021 Fair value net gains/(losses) (61) (415) 1,216 Net interest income 1,376 1,583 1,928 Total 1,315 1,168 3,144 

Operating Env ironment. During 2023, Asset Wealth Management operated in an environment generally characterized by continued broad macroeconomic concerns, including pressure in the commercial real estate market. However, improvements in the outlook for economic conditions contributed to generally higher global equity and bond prices compared with the end of 2022, positively affecting assets under supervision. 
 In the future, if market and economic conditions deteriorate, it may lead to a decline in asset prices, or investors transitioning to asset classes that typically generate lower fees or withdrawing their assets, and net revenues in Asset Wealth Management would likely be negatively impacted. 
 2023 ver sus 2022. Net revenues in Asset Wealth Management were 13.88 billion for 2023, 4 higher than 2022, reflecting higher Management and other fees and higher net revenues in Debt investments and Private banking and lending, partially offset by significantly lower net revenues in Equity investments and significantly lower Incentive fees. 
 The increase in Management and other fees primarily reflected the impact of higher average assets under supervision, including the impact of acquiring NNIP. The increase in Debt investments net revenues reflected significantly lower net mark-downs compared with the prior year (despite a challenging environment for real estate investments in the current year), partially offset by lower net interest income due to a reduction in the debt investments balance sheet. The increase in Private banking and lending net revenues primarily reflected higher deposit spreads and balances, partially offset by the impact of the sale of substantially all of the Marcus loans portfolio in the year. The decrease in Equity investments net revenues reflected significantly lower net gains from investments in private equities, primarily due to net losses from real estate investments, partially offset by significantly lower net losses from investments in public equities. The decrease in Incentive fees was driven by more significant harvesting in the prior year. 
 Provision for credit losses was a net benefit of 508 million for 2023, compared with a provision of 519 million for 2022. The net benefit for 2023 primarily reflected a reserve reduction of 442 million related to the sale of substantially all of the Marcus loans portfolio and lower balances in corporate loans due to sales and paydowns, partially offset by impairments. Provisions for 2022 primarily reflected the impact of macroeconomic and geopolitical concerns . 
 Operating expenses were 13.03 billion for 2023, 13 higher than 2022, largely due to significantly higher impairments related to commercial real estate within CIEs . Pre-tax earnings were 1.36 billion for 2023, 4 higher than 2022. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 77 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Assets Under Supervision. AUS includes our institutional clients assets, assets sourced through third-party distributors and high-net-worth clients assets where we earn a fee for managing assets on a discretionary basis. This includes net assets in our mutual funds, hedge funds, credit funds, private equity funds, real estate funds, and separately managed accounts for institutional and individual investors. AUS also includes client assets invested with third-party managers, private bank deposits and advisory relationships where we earn a fee for advisory and other services, but do not have investment discretion. AUS does not include the self-directed brokerage assets of our clients. 
 The table below presents information about our firmwide period-end AUS by asset class, client channel, region and vehi cle. 
 As of December in billions 2023 2022 2021 Asset Class Alternative investments 295 263 236 Equity 658 563 613 Fixed income 1,122 1,010 940 Total long-term AUS 2,075 1,836 1,789 Liquidity products 737 711 681 Total AUS 2,812 2,547 2,470 Client Channel Institutional 1,033 905 824 Wealth management 798 712 751 Third-party distributed 981 930 895 Total AUS 2,812 2,547 2,470 Region Americas 1,951 1,806 1,930 EMEA 653 548 354 Asia 208 193 186 Total AUS 2,812 2,547 2,470 Vehicle Separate accounts 1,557 1,388 1,347 Public funds 901 862 811 Private funds and other 354 297 312 Total AUS 2,812 2,547 2,470 
 In the table above: 
 Liquidity products includes money market funds and private bank deposits. 
 EMEA represents Europe, Middle East and Africa. 
 The table below presents changes in our AUS. 
 Year Ended December 
 in billions 2023 2022 2021 Beginning balance 2,547 2,470 2,145 Net inflows/(outflows): Alternative investments 25 19 33 Equity (3) 13 41 Fixed income 52 18 56 Total long-term AUS net inflows/(outflows) 74 50 130 Liquidity products 27 16 98 Total AUS net inflows/(outflows) 101 66 228 Acquisitions/(dispositions) (23) 316 Net market appreciation/(depreciation) 187 (305) 97 Ending balance 2,812 2,547 2,470 

In the table above, dispositions for 2023 included outflows from the disposition of PFM, with substantially all of the outflows in equity and fixed income assets. Acquisitions for 2022 included inflows from the acquisitions of NNIP and NextCapital Group, Inc., and from the acquisition of the assets of Bombardier Global Pension Asset Management Inc. For each, substantially all of the inflows were in fixed income and equity assets. 
 The table below presents information about our average monthly firmwide AUS by asset class. 
 Average for the 
 Year Ended December 
 in billions 2023 2022 2021 Asset Class 
 Alternative investments 269 253 211 Equity 610 581 547 Fixed income 1,050 992 919 Total long-term AUS 1,929 1,826 1,677 Liquidity products 749 693 625 Total AUS 2,678 2,519 2,302 
 In addition to our AUS, we have discretion over alternative investments where we currently do not earn management fees (non-fee-earning alternative assets). 
 We earn management fees on client assets that we manage and also receive incentive fees based on a percentage of a fund s or a separately managed account s return, or when the return exceeds a specified benchmark or other performance targets. These incentive fees are recognized when it is probable that a significant reversal of such fees will not occur. Our estimated unrecognized incentive fees were 3.77 billion as of December 2023, 3.33 billion as of December 2022 and 3.39 billion as of December 2021. Such amounts are based on the completion of the funds financial statements, which is generally one quarter in arrears. These fees will be recognized, assuming no decline in fair value, if and when it is probable that a significant reversal of such fees will not occur, which is generally when such fees are no longer subject to fluctuations in the market value of the assets. 
 The table below presents our average effective management fee (which excludes non-asset-based fees) earned on our firmwide AUS by asset class. 
 Year Ended December Effective fees (bps) 2023 2022 2021 Alternative investments 64 64 63 Equity 57 57 60 Fixed income 17 17 17 Liquidity products 15 14 5 Total average effective fee 31 31 29 
 In the table above, our average effective management fee for liquidity products increased during both 2023 and 2022 compared to 2021, primarily reflecting higher management fee waivers in 2021. 

78 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 The table below presents details about our monthly average AUS for alternative investments and the average effective management fee we earned on such assets. 
 in billions Direct strategies Fund of funds Total Year Ended December 2023 Average AUS Corporate equity 29 70 99 Credit 44 2 46 Real estate 11 9 20 Hedge funds and other 42 22 64 Funds and discretionary accounts 126 103 229 Advisory accounts 40 Total average AUS for alternative investments 269 Effective Fees (bps) 
 Corporate equity 125 61 80 Credit 80 37 78 Real estate 82 42 64 Hedge funds and other 67 53 62 Funds and discretionary accounts 86 57 73 Advisory accounts 16 Total average effective fee 64 Year Ended December 2022 Average AUS Corporate equity 27 61 88 Credit 36 2 38 Real estate 10 8 18 Hedge funds and other 45 22 67 Funds and discretionary accounts 
 118 93 211 Advisory accounts 42 Total average AUS for alternative investments 253 Effective Fees (bps) 
 Corporate equity 133 61 83 Credit 81 51 80 Real estate 87 50 70 Hedge funds and other 64 49 59 Funds and discretionary accounts 87 57 74 Advisory accounts 16 Total average effective fee 64 Year Ended December 2021 Average AUS Corporate equity 20 59 79 Credit 18 2 20 Real estate 8 7 15 Hedge funds and other 43 19 62 Funds and discretionary accounts 89 87 176 Advisory accounts 35 Total average AUS for alternative investments 211 Effective Fees (bps) Corporate equity 118 57 72 Credit 102 53 98 Real estate 94 55 76 Hedge funds and other 65 55 62 Funds and discretionary accounts 87 56 72 Advisory accounts 17 Total average effective fee 63 

In the table above, direct strategies primarily includes our private equity, growth equity, private credit, liquid alternatives and real estate strategies. Fund of funds primarily includes our business which invests in leading private equity, hedge fund, real estate and credit third-party managers as a limited partner, secondary-market investor, co-investor or management company partner. 
 The table below presents information about our period-end AUS for alternative investments, non-fee-earning alternative investments and total alternative investments. 
 in billions AUS Non-fee-earning alternative assets Total alternative assets As of December 2023 Corporate equity 109 77 186 Credit 55 75 130 Real estate 22 32 54 Hedge funds and other 66 3 69 Funds and discretionary accounts 252 187 439 Advisory accounts 43 3 46 Total alternative investments 295 190 485 As of December 2022 Corporate equity 94 76 170 Credit 44 73 117 Real estate 18 36 54 Hedge funds and other 65 2 67 Funds and discretionary accounts 221 187 408 Advisory accounts 42 42 Total alternative investments 263 187 450 As of December 2021 Corporate equity 87 78 165 Credit 25 79 104 Real estate 16 39 55 Hedge funds and other 70 2 72 Funds and discretionary accounts 198 198 396 Advisory accounts 38 2 40 Total alternative investments 236 200 436 
 In the table above: 
 Corporate equity primarily includes private equity. 
 Total alternative assets included uncalled capital that is available for future investing of 58 billion as of December 2023, 54 billion as of December 2022 and 42 billion as of December 2021. 
 Non-fee-earning alternative assets primarily includes investments that we hold on our balance sheet, our unfunded commitments, unfunded commitments of our clients (where we do not charge fees on commitments), credit facilities collateralized by fund assets and employee funds. Our calculation of non-fee-earning alternative assets may not be comparable to similar calculations used by other companies. 
 Non-fee-earning alternative assets primarily includes our direct investing strategies, including private equity, growth equity, private credit and real estate strategies. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 79 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 We announced a strategic objective of growing our third-party alternatives business and established a target of achieving gross inflows of 225 billion for alternative investments from 2020 through the end of 2024. We surpassed this target in 2023. 
 The table below presents information about third-party commitments raised in our alternatives business from 2020 through 2023. 
 As of in billions December 2023 Included in AUS 176 Included in non-fee-earning alternative assets 75 Third-party commitments raised 251 
 In the table above, commitments included in non-fee-earning alternative assets included approximately 56 billion, which will begin to earn fees (and become AUS) if and when the commitments are drawn and assets are invested. 
 The table below presents information about alternative investments in Asset Wealth Management that we hold on our balance sheet by asset type. 
 As of December 
 in billions 
 2023 2022 Loans 
 12.9 19.0 Debt securities 
 10.8 12.3 Equity securities 
 13.2 14.7 CIE investments and other 
 9.3 12.6 Total 46.2 58.6 
 The table below presents further information about our alternative investments in Asset Wealth Management that we hold on our balance sheet. 
 
 As of December 
 in billions 
 2023 2022 Client co-invest 
 21.3 23.0 Firmwide initiatives 
 8.6 5.9 Historical principal investments: 
 Loans 
 3.5 8.4 Debt securities 
 3.6 5.0 Equity securities 
 4.0 5.6 CIE investments and other 
 5.2 10.7 Total historical principal investments 
 16.3 29.7 Total 46.2 58.6 
 In the table above: 
 Client co-invest primarily includes our investments in funds that we raise and manage or where we have invested alongside the third-party investors. 
 Firmwide initiatives primarily includes our investments related to the Community Reinvestment Act and our sponsored initiatives, such as One Million Black Women . 
 Historical principal investments includes our remaining balance sheet alternative investments portfolio that we plan to reduce. Our target is to reduce this portfolio to less than 15 billion by the end of 2024 and to exit this portfolio over the medium term (three to five year time horizon from year-end 2022). 

The table below presents the rollforward of our alternative investments categorized as historical principal investments for 2023. 
 Historical 
 principal 
 in billions investments 
 Beginning balance 
 29.7 Additions 
 1.9 Dispositions 
 (12.9) Net markdowns 
 (2.4) Ending balance 
 16.3 
 In the table above, dispositions included approximately 1.2 billion of investments that were transferred out of historical principal investments, primarily to Global Banking Mark ets. 
 The table below presents the commercial real estate investments in Asset Wealth Management that we hold on our balance sheet. 
 As of 
 in billions December 2023 Loans 
 1.8 Debt securities 
 0.5 Equity securities 
 3.8 CIE investments, net of financings 
 2.3 Total 
 8.4 
 In the table above: 
 Office-related investments included in loans were 0.2 billion, in debt securities were 0.1 billion, in equity securities were 0.3 billion, and in CIE investments, net of financings, were 0.6 billion. 
 Office-related equity securities and CIE investments, net of financings, were marked down or impaired by approximately 50 during 2023 and non-office-related equity securities and CIE investments, net of financings, were marked down or impaired by approximately 15 during 2023. 
 Commercial real estate investments consisted of approximately 38 of historical principal investments, which we intend to exit over the medium term (three to five year time horizon from year-end 2022). 

80 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Loans and Debt Securities. The table below presents the concentration of loans and debt securities within our alternative investments by accounting classification, region and industry. 
 As of December 
 in billions 2023 2022 Loans 12.9 19.0 Debt securities 10.8 12.3 Total 23.7 31.3 Accounting Classification 
 Debt securities at fair value 45 39 Loans at amortized cost 49 49 Loans at fair value 3 6 Loans held for sale 3 6 Total 100 100 Region 
 Americas 52 51 EMEA 37 35 Asia 11 14 Total 100 100 Industry 
 Consumer Retail 
 11 10 Financial Institutions 6 7 Healthcare 15 13 Industrials 18 16 Natural Resources Utilities 2 2 Real Estate 11 20 Technology, Media Telecommunications 28 25 Other 9 7 Total 100 100 
 Equity Securities. The table below presents the concentration of equity securities within our alternative investments by region and industry. 
 As of December 
 in billions 2023 2022 Equity securities 13.2 14.7 Region 
 Americas 70 67 EMEA 15 15 Asia 15 18 Total 100 100 Industry 
 Consumer Retail 
 6 6 Financial Institutions 11 10 Healthcare 6 9 Industrials 10 7 Natural Resources Utilities 13 14 Real Estate 30 30 Technology, Media Telecommunications 22 23 Other 2 1 Total 100 100 
 In the table above: 
 Equity securities included 12.1 billion as of December 2023 and 13.0 billion as of December 2022 of private equity positions, and 1.1 billion as of December 2023 and 1.7 billion as of December 2022 of public equity positions that converted from private equity upon the initial public offerings of the underlying companies. 

The concentrations for real estate equity securities as of December 2023 were 13 for multifamily (9 as of December 2022), 2 for office (5 as of December 2022), 8 for mixed use (8 as of December 2022) and 7 for other real estate equity securities (8 as of December 2022). 
 The table below presents the concentration of equity securities within our alternative investments by vintage. 
 Vintage As of December 2023 2016 or earlier 25 2017 - 2019 26 2020 - thereafter 49 Total 100 As of December 2022 
 2015 or earlier 26 2016 - 2018 26 2019 - thereafter 48 Total 100 
 CIE Investments and Other. CIE investments and other included assets held by CIEs of 5.9 billion as of December 2023 and 11.8 billion as of December 2022, which were funded with liabilities of approximately 3.5 billion as of December 2023 and 6.3 billion as of December 2022. Substantially all such liabilities were nonrecourse, thereby reducing our equity at risk. 
 The table below presents the concentration of CIE assets, net of financings, within our alternative investments by region and asset class. 
 As of December 
 in billions 2023 2022 CIE assets, net of financings 2.4 5.5 Region 
 Americas 61 65 EMEA 25 25 Asia 14 10 Total 100 100 Asset Class 
 Hospitality 6 4 Industrials 16 15 Multifamily 13 23 Office 24 22 Retail 7 3 Senior Housing 15 14 Student Housing 7 7 Other 12 12 Total 100 100 
 In the table above, during the second quarter of 2023, certain CIE investments included within the other asset class were reclassified to the industrials asset class. Prior period amounts have been conformed to the current presentation. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 81 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 The table below presents the concentration of CIE assets, net of financings, within our alternative investments by vintage. 
 Vintage As of December 2023 2016 or earlier 12 2017 - 2019 57 2020 - thereafter 31 Total 100 As of December 2022 
 2015 or earlier 5 2016 - 2018 45 2019 - thereafter 50 Total 100 
 Platform Solutions 
 Platform Solutions includes our consumer platforms, such as partnerships offering credit cards and point-of-sale financing, and transaction banking and other platform businesses. 
 Platform Solutions generates revenues from the following: 
 Consumer platforms. Our Consumer platforms business issues credit cards and provides point-of-sale financing through GreenSky to consumers to finance the purchases of goods or services. Consumer platforms revenues primarily includes net interest income earned on credit card lending and point-of-sale financing activities. We also accept deposits from Apple Card customers. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we entered into an agreement to sell GreenSky, which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2024, and also completed the sale of a majority of the GreenSky installment loan portfolio. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we also entered into an agreement with GM regarding a process to transition their credit card program to another issuer to be selected by GM. 
 Transaction banking and other. We provide transaction banking and other services, including cash management services, such as deposit-taking and payment solutions for corporate and institutional clients. Transaction banking revenues include net interest income attributed to transaction banking deposits. 
 The table below presents our Platform Solutions assets. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Cash and cash equivalents 24,043 20,557 Collateralized agreements 7,651 10,278 Customer and other receivables 3 2 Trading assets 14,911 8,597 Investments 
 2 Loans 20,028 15,300 Other assets 1,846 2,556 Total 68,484 57,290 

The table below presents details about our Platform Solutions loans. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Installment 3,125 1,852 Credit cards 19,361 15,820 Other 
 17 Loans, gross 22,503 17,672 Allowance for loan losses (2,475) (2,372) Total loans 20,028 15,300 
 The average Platform Solutions gross loans were 21.48 billion for 2023 and 12.43 billion for 2022. 
 The table below presents our Platform Solutions operating results. 
 Year Ended December 
 in millions 2023 2022 2021 Consumer platforms 2,072 1,176 424 Transaction banking and other 
 306 326 216 Net revenues 2,378 1,502 640 Provision for credit losses 1,135 1,728 697 Operating expenses 3,418 1,763 990 Pre-tax earnings/(loss) 
 (2,175) (1,989) (1,047) Provision/(benefit) for taxes 
 (450) (328) (210) Net earnings/(loss) 
 (1,725) (1,661) (837) Preferred stock dividends 23 12 6 Net earnings/(loss) to common 
 (1,748) (1,673) (843) Average common equity 
 3,863 3,574 1,777 Return on average common equity (45.2) (46.8) (47.4) 
 Our target is to achieve pre-tax profitability by the end of 2025 for Platform Solutions. 
 Operating Environment. The operating environment for Platform Solutions is mainly impacted by the economic environment in the U.S., which, during 2023, was generally characterized by continued broad macroeconomic concerns, improved inflation measures, a continued low rate of unemployment and a slight decline in the pace of growth in consumer spending compared with 2022. 
 In the future, if economic conditions deteriorate, it may lead to a decrease in consumer spending or a deterioration in consumer credit, and net revenues and provision for credit losses in Platform Solutions would likely be negatively impacted. 
 2023 ve rsus 2022. Net revenues in Platform Solutions were 2.38 billion for 2023, 58 higher than 2022, reflecting significantly higher net revenues in Consumer platforms. 
 The increase in Consumer platforms net revenues primarily reflected significant growth in average credit card balances. Transaction banking and other net revenues were lower, reflecting lower deposit spreads. 

82 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Provision for credit losses was 1.14 billion for 2023, compared with 1.73 billion for 2022. The net provision for 2023 reflected net provisions related to the credit card portfolio (primarily driven by net charge-offs), partially offset by a net release related to the GreenSky installment loan portfolio (including a reserve reduction of 637 million related to the transfer of the portfolio to held for sale). Provisions for 2022 primarily reflected growth in the credit card portfolio and net charge-offs. 
 Operating expenses were 3.42 billion for 2023, 94 higher than 2022, primarily due to a write-down of identifiable intangible assets of 506 million related to GreenSky and an impairment of goodwill of 504 million related to Consumer platforms. Pre-tax loss was 2.18 billion for 2023 compared with 1.99 billion for 2022. 
 Geographic Data 
 See Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of our total net revenues, pre-tax earnings and net earnings by geographic region. 

Balance Sheet and Funding Sources 
 Balance Sheet Management 
 One of our risk management disciplines is our ability to manage the size and composition of our balance sheet. While our asset base changes due to client activity, market fluctuations and business opportunities, the size and composition of our balance sheet also reflects factors, including (i) our overall risk tolerance, (ii) the amount of capital we hold and (iii) our funding profile, among other factors. See Capital Management and Regulatory Capital Capital Management for information about our capital management process. 
 Although our balance sheet fluctuates on a day-to-day basis, our total assets at quarter-end are generally not materially different from those occurring within our reporting periods. 
 In order to ensure appropriate risk management, we seek to maintain a sufficiently liquid balance sheet and have processes in place to dynamically manage our assets and liabilities, which include (i) balance sheet planning, (ii) balance sheet limits, (iii) monitoring of key metrics and (iv) scenario analyses. 

Balance Sheet Planning. We prepare a balance sheet plan that combines our projected total assets and composition of assets with our expected funding sources over a three-year time horizon. This plan is reviewed quarterly and may be adjusted in response to changing business needs or market conditions. The objectives of this planning process are: 
 To develop our balance sheet projections, taking into account the general state of the financial markets and expected business activity levels, as well as regulatory requirements; 
 To allow Treasury and our independent risk oversight and control functions to objectively evaluate balance sheet limit requests from our revenue-producing units in the context of our overall balance sheet constraints, including our liability profile and capital levels, and key metrics; and 
 To inform the target amount, tenor and type of funding to raise, based on our projected assets and contractual maturities. 
 Treasury and our independent risk oversight and control functions, along with our revenue-producing units, review current and prior period information and expectations for the year to prepare our balance sheet plan. The specific information reviewed includes asset and liability size and composition, limit utilization, risk and performance measures, and capital usage. 
 Our consolidated balance sheet plan, including our balance sheets by business, funding projections and projected key metrics, is reviewed and approved by the Firmwide Asset Liability Committee and the Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee. See Risk Management Overview and Structure of Risk Management for an overview of our risk management structure. 
 Balance Sheet Limits. The Firmwide Asset Liability Committee and the Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee have the responsibility to review and approve balance sheet limits. These limits are set at levels which are close to actual operating levels, rather than at levels which reflect our maximum risk appetite, in order to ensure prompt escalation and discussion among our revenue-producing units, Treasury and our independent risk oversight and control functions on a routine basis. Requests for changes in limits are evaluated after giving consideration to their impact on our key metrics. Compliance with limits is monitored by our revenue-producing units and Treasury, as well as our independent risk oversight and control functions. 
 Monitoring of Key Metrics. We monitor key balance sheet metrics both by business and on a consolidated basis, including asset and liability size and composition, limit utilization and risk measures. We attribute assets to businesses and review and analyze movements resulting from new business activity, as well as market fluctuations. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 83 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Scenario Analyses. We conduct various scenario analyses, including as part of the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) and U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Stress Tests (DFAST), as well as our resolution and recovery planning. See Capital Management and Regulatory Capital Capital Management for further information about these scenario analyses. These scenarios cover short- and long-term time horizons using various macroeconomic and firm-specific assumptions, based on a range of economic scenarios. We use these analyses to assist us in developing our longer-term balance sheet management strategy, including the level and composition of assets, funding and capital. Additionally, these analyses help us develop approaches for maintaining appropriate funding, liquidity and capital across a variety of situations, including a severely stressed environment. 
 Balance Sheet Analysis and Metrics 
 As of December 2023, total assets in our consolidated balance sheets were 1.64 trillion, an increase of 199.80 billion from December 2022, reflecting increases in trading assets of 176.27 billion (due to increases in equity securities and government obligations, reflecting the impact of our and our clients activities, partially offset by decreases in derivative instruments due to commodity derivatives), investments of 16.21 billion (primarily due to an increase in U.S. government obligations accounted for as held-to-maturity) and collateralized agreements of 9.07 billion (reflecting the impact of our and our clients activities). 
 As of December 2023, total liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets were 1.52 trillion, an increase of 200.08 billion from December 2022, reflecting increases in collateralized financings of 168.54 billion (reflecting our and our clients activities), deposits of 41.75 billion (primarily due to increases in consumer deposits, brokered certificates of deposits and other deposits, partially offset by decreases in deposit sweep program balances and private bank deposits), borrowings of 9.72 billion (driven by increases in fair value, partially offset by net maturities) and trading liabilities of 9.03 billion (primarily due to an increase in government obligations, partially offset by a decrease in equity securities, reflecting the impact of our and our clients activities), offset by a decrease in customer and other payables of 31.32 billion (primarily reflecting our clients activities). 

Our total securities sold under agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements), accounted for as collateralized financings, were 249.89 billion as of December 2023 and 110.35 billion as of December 2022, which were 21 higher as of December 2023 and 15 lower as of December 2022 than the average daily amount of repurchase agreements over the respective quarters, and 26 higher as of December 2023 and 27 lower as of December 2022 than the average daily amount of repurchase agreements over the respective years. As of December 2023, the increase in our repurchase agreements relative to the average daily amount of repurchase agreements during the quarter and year resulted from higher levels of our and our clients activities at the end of the period. 
 The level of our repurchase agreements fluctuates between and within periods, primarily due to providing clients with access to highly liquid collateral, such as certain government and agency obligations, through collateralized financing activities. 
 The table below presents information about our balance sheet and leverage ratios. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Total assets 1,641,594 1,441,799 Unsecured long-term borrowings 241,877 247,138 Total shareholders equity 116,905 117,189 Leverage ratio 14.0x 12.3x Debt-to-equity ratio 2.1x 2.1x 
 In the table above: 
 The leverage ratio equals total assets divided by total shareholders equity and measures the proportion of equity and debt we use to finance assets. This ratio is different from the leverage ratios included in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 The debt-to-equity ratio equals unsecured long-term borrowings divided by total shareholders equity. 
 The table below presents information about our shareholders equity and book value per common share, including the reconciliation of common shareholders equity to tangible common shareholders equity. 
 As of December 
 in millions, except per share amounts 2023 2022 Total shareholders equity 116,905 117,189 Preferred stock (11,203) (10,703) Common shareholders equity 105,702 106,486 Goodwill (5,916) (6,374) Identifiable intangible assets (1,177) (2,009) Tangible common shareholders equity 98,609 98,103 Book value per common share 
 313.56 303.55 Tangible book value per common share 292.52 279.66 

84 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 In the table above: 
 Tangible common shareholders equity is calculated as total shareholders equity less preferred stock, goodwill and identifiable intangible assets. We believe that tangible common shareholders equity is meaningful because it is a measure that we and investors use to assess capital adequacy. Tangible common shareholders equity is a non-GAAP measure and may not be comparable to similar non-GAAP measures used by other companies. 
 Book value per common share and tangible book value per common share are based on common shares outstanding and restricted stock units granted to employees with no future service requirements and not subject to performance or market conditions (collectively, basic shares) of 337.1 million as of December 2023 and 350.8 million as of December 2022. We believe that tangible book value per common share (tangible common shareholders equity divided by basic shares) is meaningful because it is a measure that we and investors use to assess capital adequacy. Tangible book value per common share is a non-GAAP measure and may not be comparable to similar non-GAAP measures used by other companies. 
 Funding Sources 
 Our primary sources of funding are deposits, collateralized financings, unsecured short- and long-term borrowings, and shareholders equity. We seek to maintain broad and diversified funding sources globally across products, programs, markets, currencies and creditors to avoid funding concentrations. 
 The table below presents information about our funding sources. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Deposits 428,417 36 386,665 40 Collateralized financings 323,564 27 155,022 16 Unsecured short-term borrowings 75,945 6 60,961 6 Unsecured long-term borrowings 241,877 21 247,138 26 Total shareholders equity 116,905 10 117,189 12 Total 1,186,708 100 966,975 100 
 Our funding is primarily raised in U.S. dollar, Euro, British pound and Japanese yen. We generally distribute our funding products through our own sales force and third-party distributors to a large, diverse creditor base in a variety of markets in the Americas, Europe and Asia. We believe that our relationships with our creditors are critical to our liquidity. Our creditors include banks, governments, securities lenders, corporations, pension funds, insurance companies, mutual funds and individuals. We have imposed various internal guidelines to monitor creditor concentration across our funding programs. 

Deposits. Our deposits provide us with a diversified source of funding and reduce our reliance on wholesale funding. We raise deposits, including savings, demand and time deposits, from private bank clients, consumers, transaction banking clients, other institutional clients, and through internal and third-party broker-dealers. Substantially all of our deposits are raised through Goldman Sachs Bank USA (GS Bank USA), Goldman Sachs International Bank (GSIB) and Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (GSBE). See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our deposits, including a maturity profile of our time deposits. 
 Secured Funding. We fund a significant amount of inventory and a portion of investments on a secured basis. Secured funding includes collateralized financings in the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our collateralized financings, including its maturity profile. We may also pledge our inventory and investments as collateral for securities borrowed under a securities lending agreement. We also use our own inventory and investments to cover transactions in which we or our clients have sold securities that have not yet been purchased. Secured funding is less sensitive to changes in our credit quality than unsecured funding, due to our posting of collateral to our lenders. Nonetheless, we analyze the refinancing risk of our secured funding activities, taking into account trade tenors, maturity profiles, counterparty concentrations, collateral eligibility and counterparty rollover probabilities. We seek to mitigate our refinancing risk by executing term trades with staggered maturities, diversifying counterparties, raising excess secured funding and pre-funding residual risk through our GCLA. 
 We seek to raise secured funding with a term appropriate for the liquidity of the assets that are being financed, and we seek longer maturities for secured funding collateralized by asset classes that may be harder to fund on a secured basis, especially during times of market stress. Our secured funding, excluding funding collateralized by liquid government and agency obligations, is primarily executed for tenors of one month or greater and is primarily executed through term repurchase agreements and securities loaned contracts. 
 Assets that may be harder to fund on a secured basis during times of market stress include certain financial instruments in the following categories: mortgage- and other asset-backed loans and securities, non-investment-grade corporate debt securities, equity securities and emerging market securities. 
 We also raise financing through other types of collateralized financings, such as secured loans and notes. GS Bank USA has access to funding from the Federal Home Loan Bank. We had no outstanding borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank as of both December 2023 and December 2022. Additionally, we have access to funding through the Federal Reserve discount window, but we do not rely on this funding in our liquidity planning and stress testing. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 85 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Unsecured Short-Term Borrowings. A significant portion of our unsecured short-term borrowings was originally long-term debt that is scheduled to mature within one year of the reporting date. We use unsecured short-term borrowings, including U.S. and non-U.S. hybrid financial instruments and commercial paper, to finance liquid assets and for other cash management purposes. In accordance with regulatory requirements, Group Inc. does not issue debt with an original maturity of less than one year, other than to its subsidiaries. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our unsecured short-term borrowings. 
 Unsecured Long-Term Borrowings. Unsecured long-term borrowings, including structured notes, are raised through syndicated U.S. registered offerings, U.S. registered and Rule 144A medium-term note programs, offshore medium-term note offerings and other debt offerings. We issue in different tenors, currencies and products to maximize the diversification of our investor base. 
 The table below presents our quarterly unsecured long-term borrowings maturity profile. 
 in millions First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter Total As of December 2023 2025 15,074 12,446 7,099 13,213 47,832 2026 6,702 4,928 7,966 10,551 30,147 2027 8,989 3,332 6,981 16,790 36,092 2028 11,505 6,345 4,790 5,388 28,028 2029 - thereafter 99,778 Total 241,877 
 The weighted average maturity of our unsecured long-term borrowings as of December 2023 was approximately six years. To mitigate refinancing risk, we seek to limit the principal amount of debt maturing over the course of any monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual time horizon. We enter into interest rate swaps to convert a portion of our unsecured long-term borrowings into floating-rate obligations to manage our exposure to interest rates. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our unsecured long-term borrowings. 
 Shareholders Equity. Shareholders equity is a stable and perpetual source of funding. See Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our shareholders equity. 

Capital Management and Regulatory Capital 
 Capital adequacy is of critical importance to us. We have in place a comprehensive capital management policy that provides a framework, defines objectives and establishes guidelines to assist us in maintaining the appropriate level and composition of capital in both business-as-usual and stressed conditions. 
 Capital Management 
 We determine the appropriate amount and composition of our capital by considering multiple factors, including our current and future regulatory capital requirements, the results of our capital planning and stress testing process, the results of resolution capital models and other factors, such as rating agency guidelines, subsidiary capital requirements, the business environment and conditions in the financial markets. 
 We manage our capital requirements and the levels of our capital usage principally by setting limits on the balance sheet and/or limits on risk, in each case at both the firmwide and business levels. 
 We principally manage the level and composition of our capital through issuances and repurchases of our common stock. 
 We may issue, redeem or repurchase our preferred stock and subordinated debt or other forms of capital as business conditions warrant. Prior to such redemptions or repurchases, we must receive approval from the FRB. See Notes 14 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our subordinated debt and preferred stock. 
 Capital Planning and Stress Testing Process. As part of capital planning, we project sources and uses of capital given a range of business environments, including stressed conditions. Our stress testing process is designed to identify and measure material risks associated with our business activities, including market risk, credit risk, operational risk and liquidity risk, as well as our ability to generate revenues. 
 Our capital planning process incorporates an internal capital adequacy assessment with the objective of ensuring that we are appropriately capitalized relative to the risks in our businesses. We incorporate stress scenarios into our capital planning process with a goal of holding sufficient capital to ensure we remain adequately capitalized after experiencing a severe stress event. Our assessment of capital adequacy is viewed in tandem with our assessment of liquidity adequacy and is integrated into our overall risk management structure, governance and policy framework. 

86 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Our stress tests incorporate our internally designed stress scenarios, including our internally developed severely adverse scenario, and those required by the FRB, and are designed to capture our specific vulnerabilities and risks. We provide further information about our stress test processes and a summary of the results on our website as described in Business Available Information in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. 
 As required by the FRB s CCAR rules, we submit an annual capital plan for review by the FRB. The purpose of the FRB s review is to ensure that we have a robust, forward-looking capital planning process that accounts for our unique risks and that permits continued operation during times of economic and financial stress. 
 The FRB evaluates us based, in part, on whether we have the capital necessary to continue operating under the baseline and severely adverse scenarios provided by the FRB and those developed internally. This evaluation also takes into account our process for identifying risk, our controls and governance for capital planning, and our guidelines for making capital planning decisions. In addition, the FRB evaluates our plan to make capital distributions (i.e., dividend payments and repurchases or redemptions of stock, subordinated debt or other capital securities) and issue capital, across the range of macroeconomic scenarios and firm-specific assumptions. The FRB determines the SCB applicable to us based on its own annual stress test. The SCB under the Standardized approach is calculated as (i) the difference between our starting and minimum projected CET1 capital ratios under the supe rvisory severely adverse scenario and (ii) our planned common stock dividends for each of the fourth through seventh quarters of the planning horizon, expressed as a percentage of risk-weighted assets (RWAs). 
 Based on our 2023 CCAR submission, the FRB reduced our SCB from 6.3 to 5.5 , resulting in a Standardized CET1 capital ratio requirement of 13.0 for the period from October 1, 2023 through September 30, 2024. See Share Repurchase Program for further information about common stock repurchases and dividends and Consolidated Regulatory Capital for further information about the G-SIB surcharge. We published a summary of our annual DFAST results in June 2023. See Business Available Information in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K . 
 GS Bank USA is required to conduct stress tests on an annual basis and publish a summary of certain results. GS Bank USA published a summary of its annual DFAST results in June 2023. See Business Available Information in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K . 

Goldman Sachs International (GSI), GSIB and GSBE also have their own capital planning and stress testing processes, which incorporate internally designed stress tests developed in accordance with the guidelines of their respective regulators. 
 Contingency Capital Plan. As part of our comprehensive capital management policy, we maintain a contingency capital plan. Our contingency capital plan provides a framework for analyzing and responding to a perceived or actual capital deficiency, including, but not limited to, identification of drivers of a capital deficiency, as well as mitigants and potential actions. It outlines the appropriate communication procedures to follow during a crisis period, including internal dissemination of information, as well as timely communication with external stakeholders. 
 Capital Attribution. We assess the capital usage of each of our businesses based on our attributed equity framework. This framework considers many factors, including our internal assessment of risks as well as the regulatory capital requirements related to our business activities, which take into consideration our binding capital constraints. Our binding capital constraints include our CET1 capital ratio requirement under the Standardized Capital Rules, which incorporates the SCB as determined by the FRB based on its own annual stress test. 
 We review and make any necessary adjustments to our attributed equity in January each year, to reflect, among other things, our most recent stress test results and changes to our regulatory capital requirements. On January 1, 2024, our allocation of attributed equity changed (relative to the allocation as of December 2023) as follows: attributed equity increased by approximately 1.6 billion for Platform Solutions, while attributed equity decreased by approximately 1.2 billion for Asset Wealth Management and approximately 0.4 billion for Global Banking Markets. See Results of Operations Segment Assets and Operating Results Segment Operating Results for information about our average quarterly attributed equity by segment. 
 Share Repur chase Program. We use our share repurchase program to help maintain the appropriate level of common equity. On an annual basis, we submit a Board of Directors of Group Inc. Board) approved capital plan to the Federal Reserve, which includes planned share repurchases for each quarter. The share repurchases are effected primarily through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 and accelerated share repurchases), the amounts and timing of which are determined primarily by our current and projected capital position, and capital deployment opportunities, but which may also be influenced by general market conditions and the prevailing price and trading volumes of our common stock. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 87 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 In February 2023, the Board approved a share repurchase program authorizing repurchases of up to 30 billion of our common stock. The program has no set expiration or termination date. See Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities in Part II, Item 5 of this Form 10-K and Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our share repurchase program, and see above for information about our capital planning and stress testing process. 
 During 2023, we returned a total of 9.39 billion of capital to common shareholders, including 5.80 billion of common share repurchases and 3.59 billion of common stock dividends. Consistent with our capital management philosophy, we will continue prioritizing deployment of capital for our clients where returns are attractive and distribute any excess capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. 
 Effective January 1, 2023, a one percent non-deductible federal excise tax (buyback tax) applies to the fair market value of certain corporate share repurchases. The fair market value of share repurchases subject to the tax is reduced by the fair market value of any stock issued during the calendar year, including stock issued to employees. The buyback tax did not have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows for 2023. 
 Resolution Capital Models. In connection with our resolution planning efforts, we have established a Resolution Capital Adequacy and Positioning framework, which is designed to ensure that our major subsidiaries (GS Bank USA, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC (GS Co.), GSI, GSIB, GSBE, Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. (GSJCL), Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. and Goldman Sachs Asset Management International) have access to sufficient loss-absorbing capacity (in the form of equity, subordinated debt and unsecured senior debt) so that they are able to wind down following a Group Inc. bankruptcy filing in accordance with our preferred resolution strategy. 
 In addition, we have established a triggers and alerts framework, which is designed to provide the Board with information needed to make an informed decision on whether and when to commence bankruptcy proceedings for Group Inc. 
 We submitted our 2023 resolution plan in June 2023. See "Business Available Information" in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K for information about the public portion of our resolution plan submission. GS Bank USA submitted its 2023 resolution plan in December 2023. 

Rating Agency Guidelines 
 The credit rating agencies assign credit ratings to the obligations of Group Inc., which directly issues or guarantees substantially all of our senior unsecured debt obligations. GS Co. and GSI have been assigned long- and short-term issuer ratings by certain credit rating agencies. GS Bank USA, GSIB and GSBE have also been assigned long- and short-term issuer ratings, as well as ratings on their long- and short-term bank deposits. In addition, credit rating agencies have assigned ratings to debt obligations of certain other subsidiaries of Group Inc. 
 The level and composition of our capital are among the many factors considered in determining our credit ratings. Each agency has its own definition of eligible capital and methodology for evaluating capital adequacy, and assessments are generally based on a combination of factors rather than a single calculation. See Risk Management Liquidity Risk Management Credit Ratings for further information about credit ratings of Group Inc., GS Bank USA, GSIB, GSBE, GS Co. and GSI. 
 Consolidated Regulatory Capital 
 We are subject to consolidated regulatory capital requirements which are calculated in accordance with the regulations of the FRB (Capital Framework). Under the Capital Framework, we are an Advanced approaches banking organization and have been designated as a G-SIB. 
 The capital requirements calculated under the Capital Framework include the capital conservation buffer requirements, which are comprised of a 2.5 buffer (under the Advanced Capital Rules), the SCB (under the Standardized Capital Rules), a countercyclical capital buffer (under both Capital Rules) and the G-SIB surcharge (under both Capital Rules). Our G-SIB surcharge is 3.0 for both 2023 and 2024. The G-SIB surcharge and countercyclical capital buffer in the future may differ due to additional guidance from our regulators and/or positional changes, and our SCB is likely to change from year to year based on the results of the annual supervisory stress tests. Our target is to maintain capital ratios equal to the regulatory requirements plus a buffer of 50 to 100 basis points. 
 See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratios, and the Capital Framework. 
 Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC) 
 We are also subject to the FRB s TLAC and related requirements. Failure to comply with the TLAC and related requirements would result in restrictions being imposed by the FRB and could limit our ability to repurchase shares, pay dividends and make certain discretionary compensation payments. 

88 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 The table below presents TLAC and external long-term debt requirements. 
 As of December 2023 2022 TLAC to RWAs 22.0 21.5 TLAC to leverage exposure 9.5 9.5 External long-term debt to RWAs 9.0 8.5 External long-term debt to leverage exposure 4.5 4.5 
 In the table above: 
 The TLAC to RWAs requirement included (i) the 18 minimum, (ii) the 2.5 buffer, (iii) the countercyclical capital buffer, which the FRB has set to zero percent and (iv) the G-SIB surcharge (Method 1). The G-SIB surcharge (Method 1) was 1.5 as of December 2023 and 1.0 as of December 2022. 
 The TLAC to leverage exposure requirement includes (i) the 7.5 minimum and (ii) the 2.0 leverage exposure buffer. 
 The external long-term debt to RWAs requirement includes (i) the 6 minimum and (ii) the G-SIB surcharge (Method 2). The G-SIB surcharge (Method 2) was 3.0 as of December 2023 and 2.5 as of December 2022. 
 The external long-term debt to total leverage exposure is the 4.5 minimum. 
 The table below presents information about our TLAC and external long-term debt ratios. 
 For the Three Months 
 Ended or as of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 TLAC 278,188 297,100 External long-term debt 154,300 172,845 RWAs 692,737 679,450 Leverage exposure 1,995,756 1,867,358 TLAC to RWAs 40.2 43.7 TLAC to leverage exposure 13.9 15.9 External long-term debt to RWAs 22.3 25.4 External long-term debt to leverage exposure 7.7 9.3 
 In the table above: 
 TLAC includes common and preferred stock, and eligible long-term debt issued by Group Inc. Eligible long-term debt represents unsecured debt, which has a remaining maturity of at least one year and satisfies additional requirements. 
 External long-term debt consists of eligible long-term debt subject to a haircut if it is due to be paid between one and two years. 
 In accordance with the TLAC rules, the higher of Standardized or Advanced RWAs are used in the calculation of TLAC and external long-term debt ratios and applicable requirements. RWAs represent Standardized RWAs as of December 2023 and Advanced RWAs as of December 2022. 
 Leverage exposure consists of average adjusted total assets and certain off-balance sheet exposures. 

See Business Regulation in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K for further information about TLAC. 
 Subsidiary Capital Requirements 
 Many of our subsidiaries, including our bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to separate regulation and capital requirements of the jurisdictions in which they operate. 
 Bank Subsidiaries. GS Bank USA is our primary U.S. banking subsidiary and GSIB and GSBE are our primary non-U.S. banking subsidiaries. These entities are subject to regulatory capital requirements. See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the regulatory capital requirements for GS Bank USA. 
 GSIB. GSIB is our U.K. bank subsidiary regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). GSIB is subject to the U.K. capital framework, which is largely based on the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s (Basel Committee) capital framework for strengthening international capital standards (Basel III). The eligible retail deposits of GSIB are covered by the U.K. Financial Services Compensation Scheme to the extent provided by law. 
 The table below presents GSIB s risk-based capital requirements. 
 As of December 
 2023 2022 Risk-based capital requirements CET1 capital ratio 10.1 9.7 Tier 1 capital ratio 12.4 11.9 Total capital ratio 15.4 14.9 
 The table below presents information about GSIB s risk-based capital ratios. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Risk-based capital and risk-weighted assets CET1 capital 3,936 3,395 Tier 1 capital 3,936 3,395 Tier 2 capital 826 828 Total capital 4,762 4,223 RWAs 16,546 15,766 Risk-based capital ratios CET1 capital ratio 23.8 21.5 Tier 1 capital ratio 23.8 21.5 Total capital ratio 28.8 26.8 
 In the table above, the risk-based capital ratios as of December 2023 reflected profits after foreseeable charges that are still subject to audit by GSIB s external auditors and approval by GSIB s Board of Directors for inclusion in risk-based capital. These profits contributed 301 basis points to the CET1 capital ratio as of December 2023. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 89 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 The table below presents GSIB s leverage ratio requirement which became effective in January 2023 and the leverage ratio. 
 As of December 2023 Leverage ratio requirement 3.6 Leverage ratio 7.4 
 In the table above, the leverage ratio as of December 2023 reflected profits after foreseeable charges that are still subject to audit by GSIB s external auditors and approval by GSIB s Board of Directors for inclusion in risk-based capital. These profits contributed 101 basis points to the leverage ratio as of December 2023. 
 GSIB is subject to minimum reserve requirements at central banks in certain of the jurisdictions in which it operates. As of both December 2023 and December 2022, GSIB was in compliance with these requirements. 
 GSBE. GSBE is our German bank subsidiary supervised by the European Central Bank, BaFin and Deutsche Bundesbank. GSBE is a non-U.S. banking subsidiary of GS Bank USA and is also subject to standalone regulatory capital requirements noted below. GSBE is subject to the capital requirements prescribed in the amended E.U. Capital Requirements Directive (CRD) and E.U. Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR), which are largely based on Basel III. The deposits of GSBE are covered by the German statutory deposit protection program to the extent provided by law. In addition, GSBE has elected to participate in the German voluntary deposit protection program which provides further insurance for certain eligible deposits beyond the coverage of the German statutory deposit program. 
 The table below presents GSBE s risk-based capital requirements. 
 As of December 
 2023 2022 Risk-based capital requirements CET1 capital ratio 10.0 9.2 Tier 1 capital ratio 12.1 11.3 Total capital ratio 14.8 14.0 

The table below presents information about GSBE s risk-based capital ratios. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Risk-based capital and risk-weighted assets CET1 capital 14,143 9,536 Tier 1 capital 14,143 9,536 Tier 2 capital 22 21 Total capital 14,165 9,557 RWAs 39,746 30,154 Risk-based capital ratios CET1 capital ratio 35.6 31.6 Tier 1 capital ratio 35.6 31.6 Total capital ratio 35.6 31.7 
 In the table above, the risk-based capital ratios as of December 2023 reflected profits after foreseeable charges that are still subject to audit by GSBE s external auditors and approval by GSBE s shareholder (GS Bank USA) for inclusion in risk-based capital. These profits contributed 97 basis points to the CET1 capital ratio as of December 2023. 
 The table below presents GSBE s leverage ratio requirement and leverage ratio. 
 As of December 
 2023 2022 Leverage ratio requirement 3.0 3.0 Leverage ratio 11.3 10.6 
 In the table above, the leverage ratio as of December 2023 reflected profits after foreseeable charges that are still subject to audit by GSBE s external auditors and approval by GSBE s shareholder (GS Bank USA) for inclusion in risk-based capital. These profits contributed 58 basis points to the leverage ratio as of December 2023. 
 GSBE is subject to minimum reserve requirements at central banks in certain of the jurisdictions in which it operates. As of both December 2023 and December 2022, GSBE was in compliance with these requirements. 
 GSBE is a registered swap dealer with the CFTC and a registered security-based swap dealer with the SEC. As of both December 2023 and December 2022, GSBE was subject to and in compliance with applicable capital requirements for swap dealers and security-based swap dealers. 

90 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 U.S. Regulated Broker-Dealer Subsidiaries. GS Co., our primary U.S. regulated broker-dealer subsidiary, is also a registered futures commission merchant and a registered swap dealer with the CFTC, and a registered security-based swap dealer with the SEC, and therefore is subject to regulatory capital requirements imposed by the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., the CFTC, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and the National Futures Association. Rule 15c3-1 of the SEC and Rules 1.17 and Part 23 Subpart E of the CFTC specify uniform minimum net capital requirements, as defined, for their registrants, and also effectively require that a significant part of the registrants assets be kept in relatively liquid form. GS Co. has elected to calculate its SEC minimum capital requirements in accordance with the Alternative Net Capital Requirement as permitted by Rule 15c3-1 of the SEC. 
 GS Co. had regulatory net capital, as defined by Rule 15c3-1 of the SEC, of 20.25 billion as of December 2023 and 22.21 billion as of December 2022, which exceeded the greater of the minimum amounts required under Rule 15c3-1 of the SEC and Rules 1.17 and Part 23 Subpart E of the CFTC by 15.07 billion as of December 2023 and 17.46 billion as of December 2022. In addition to its alternative minimum net capital requirements, GS Co. is also required to hold tentative net capital in excess of 5 billion and net capital in excess of 1 billion in accordance with Rule 15c3-1. GS Co. is also required to notify the SEC in the event that its tentative net capital is less than 6 billion. As of both December 2023 and December 2022, GS Co. had tentative net capital and net capital in excess of both the minimum and the notification requirements. 
 Non-U.S. Regulated Broker-Dealer Subsidiaries. Our principal non-U.S. regulated broker-dealer subsidiaries include GSI and GSJCL. 
 GSI, our U.K. broker-dealer, is regulated by the PRA and the FCA. GSI is subject to the U.K. capital framework, which is largely based on Basel III. 
 The table below presents GSI s risk-based capital requirements. 
 As of December 2023 2022 Risk-based capital requirements CET1 capital ratio 9.1 8.7 Tier 1 capital ratio 11.0 10.7 Total capital ratio 13.7 13.3 
 In the table above, the risk-based capital requirements incorporate capital guidance received from the PRA and could change in the future. 

The table below presents information about GSI s risk-based capital ratios. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Risk-based capital and risk-weighted assets CET1 capital 32,403 31,780 Tier 1 capital 37,903 40,080 Tier 2 capital 6,877 5,377 Total capital 44,780 45,457 RWAs 257,956 247,653 Risk-based capital ratios 
 CET1 capital ratio 12.6 12.8 Tier 1 capital ratio 14.7 16.2 Total capital ratio 17.4 18.4 
 In the table above, the risk-based capital ratios as of December 2023 reflected profits after dividends paid and foreseeable charges that are still subject to verification by GSI s external auditors and approval by GSI s Board of Directors for inclusion in risk-based capital. These profits contributed 18 basis points to the CET1 capital ratio as of December 2023. 
 The table below presents GSI s leverage ratio requirement which became effective in January 2023 and the leverage ratio. 
 As of December 2023 Leverage ratio requirement 3.5 Leverage ratio 4.9 
 In the table above, the leverage ratio as of December 2023 reflected profits after dividends paid and foreseeable charges that are still subject to verification by GSI s external auditors and approval by GSI's Board of Directors for inclusion in risk-based capital. These profits contributed 7 basis points to the leverage ratio as of December 2023. 
 GSI is a registered swap dealer with the CFTC and a registered security-based swap dealer with the SEC. As of both December 2023 and December 2022, GSI was subject to and in compliance with applicable capital requirements for swap dealers and security-based swap dealers. 
 GSI is also subject to a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities issued to affiliates. As of both December 2023 and December 2022, GSI was in compliance with this requirement. 
 GSJCL, our Japanese broker-dealer, is regulated by Japan s Financial Services Agency. GSJCL and certain other non-U.S. subsidiaries are also subject to capital requirements promulgated by authorities of the countries in which they operate. As of both December 2023 and December 2022, these subsidiaries were in compliance with their local capital requirements. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 91 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Regulatory and Other Matters 
 Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation and supervision worldwide. Regulations have been adopted or are being considered by regulators and policy makers worldwide. Given that many of the new and proposed rules are highly complex, the full impact of regulatory reform will not be known until the rules are implemented and market practices develop under the final regulations. 
 See Business Regulation in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K for further information about the laws, rules and regulations and proposed laws, rules and regulations that apply to us and our operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into various types of off-balance sheet arrangements. Our involvement in these arrangements can take many different forms, including: 
 Purchasing or retaining residual and other interests in special purpose entities, such as mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securitization vehicles; 
 Holding senior and subordinated debt, interests in limited and general partnerships, and preferred and common stock in other nonconsolidated vehicles; 
 Entering into interest rate, foreign currency, equity, commodity and credit derivatives, including total return swaps; and 
 Providing guarantees, indemnifications, commitments, letters of credit and representations and warranties. 
 We enter into these arrangements for a variety of business purposes, including securitizations. The securitization vehicles that purchase mortgages, corporate bonds and other types of financial assets are critical to the functioning of several significant investor markets, including the mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities markets, since they offer investors access to specific cash flows and risks created through the securitization process. 

We also enter into these arrangements to underwrite client securitization transactions; provide secondary market liquidity; make investments in performing and nonperforming debt, distressed loans, power-related assets, equity securities, real estate and other assets; and provide investors with credit-linked and asset-repackaged notes. 
 The table below presents where information about our various off-balance sheet arrangements may be found in this Form 10-K. In addition, see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for information about our consolidation policies. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement Disclosure in Form 10-K 
 Variable interests and other obligations, including contingent obligations, arising from variable interests in nonconsolidated variable interest entities 

See Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Guarantees, and lending and other commitments 

See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Derivatives 
 
 See Risk Management Credit Risk Management Credit Exposures OTC Derivatives and Notes 4, 5, 7 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements. 

92 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Risk Management 
 Risks are inherent in our businesses and include liquidity, market, credit, operational, cybersecurity, model, legal, compliance, conduct, regulatory and reputational risks. For further information about our risk management processes, see Overview and Structure of Risk Management, and for information about our areas of risk, see Liquidity Risk Management, Market Risk Management, Credit Risk Management, Operational Risk Management, Cybersecurity Risk Management, Model Risk Management and Other Risk Management, as well as Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview and Structure of Risk Management 
 Overview 
 We believe that effective risk management is critical to our success. Accordingly, we have established an enterprise risk management framework that employs a comprehensive, integrated approach to risk management and is designed to enable comprehensive risk management processes through which we identify, assess, monitor and manage the risks we assume in conducting our activities. Our risk management structure is built around three core components: governance, processes and people. 
 Governance. Risk management governance starts with the Board, which both directly and through its committees, including its Risk Committee, oversees our risk management policies and practices implemented through the enterprise risk management framework. The Board is also responsible for the annual review and approval of our risk appetite statement. The risk appetite statement describes the levels and types of risk we are willing to accept or to avoid in order to achieve our objectives included in our strategic business plan, while remaining in compliance with regulatory requirements. The Board reviews our strategic business plan and is ultimately responsible for overseeing and providing direction about our strategy and risk appetite. 

The Board, including through its committees, receives regular briefings on firmwide risks, including liquidity risk, market risk, credit risk, operational risk, cybersecurity risk, model risk and climate risk, from our independent risk oversight and control functions, including our chief risk officer, on cybersecurity threats and risks from our chief information security officer (CISO), on compliance risk and conduct risk from our chief compliance officer, on legal and regulatory enforcement matters from our chief legal officer, and on other matters impacting our reputation from the chair and/or vice-chairs of our Firmwide Reputational Risk Committee. The chief risk officer reports to our chief executive officer and to the Risk Committee of the Board. As part of the review of the firmwide risk portfolio, the chief risk officer regularly advises the Risk Committee of the Board of relevant risk metrics and material exposures, including risk limits and thresholds established in our risk appetite statement. 
 The implementation of our risk governance structure and core risk management processes is overseen by Enterprise Risk, which reports to our chief risk officer, and is responsible for ensuring that our enterprise risk management framework provides the Board, our risk committees and senior management with a consistent and integrated approach to managing our various risks in a manner consistent with our risk appetite. 
 Our revenue-producing units, as well as Treasury, Engineering, Human Capital Management, Operations, and Corporate and Workplace Solutions, are considered our first line of defense. They are accountable for the outcomes of our risk-generating activities, as well as for assessing and managing those risks within our risk appetite. 
 Our independent risk oversight and control functions are considered our second line of defense and provide independent assessment, oversight and challenge of the risks taken by our first line of defense, as well as lead and participate in risk committees. Independent risk oversight and control functions include Compliance, Conflicts Resolution, Controllers, Legal, Risk and Tax. 
 Internal Audit is considered our third line of defense, and our director of Internal Audit reports to the Audit Committee of the Board and administratively to our chief executive officer. Internal Audit includes professionals with a broad range of audit and industry experience, including risk management expertise. Internal Audit is responsible for independently assessing and validating the effectiveness of key controls, including those within the risk management framework, and providing timely reporting to the Audit Committee of the Board, senior management and regulators. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 93 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 The three lines of defense structure promotes the accountability of first line risk takers, provides a framework for effective challenge by the second line and empowers independent review from the third line. 
 Processes. We maintain various processes that are critical components of our risk management framework, including (i) risk identification and control assessment, (ii) risk appetite, limits, thresholds and alerts setting, (iii) risk metrics, reporting and monitoring, and (iv) risk decision-making. 
 Risk Identification and Control Assessment. We believe the identification of our risks and related control assessment is a critical step in providing our Board and senior management transparency and insight into the range and materiality of our risks. We have a comprehensive data collection process, including firmwide policies and procedures that require all employees to report and escalate risk events. Our approach for risk identification and control assessment is comprehensive across all risk types, is dynamic and forward-looking to reflect and adapt to our changing risk profile and business environment, leverages subject matter expertise, and allows for prioritization of our most critical risks. This approach also encompasses our control assessment, led by our second line of defense, to review and challenge the control environment to help ensure it supports our strategic business plan. 
 To effectively assess our risks, we maintain a daily discipline of marking substantially all of our inventory to current market levels. We carry our inventory at fair value, with changes in valuation reflected immediately in our risk management systems and in net revenues. We do so because we believe this discipline is one of the most effective tools for assessing and managing risk and that it provides transparent and realistic insight into our inventory exposures. 
 An important part of our risk management process is firmwide stress testing. It allows us to quantify our exposure to tail risks, highlight potential loss concentrations, undertake risk/reward analysis, and assess and mitigate our risk positions. Firmwide stress tests are performed on a regular basis and are designed to ensure a comprehensive analysis of our vulnerabilities and idiosyncratic risks combining financial and nonfinancial risks, including, but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity and funding, operational and compliance, climate, strategic, systemic and emerging risks into a single combined scenario. We also perform ad hoc stress tests in anticipation of market events or conditions. Stress tests are also used to assess capital adequacy as part of our capital planning and stress testing process. See Capital Management and Regulatory Capital Capital Management for further information. 

Risk Appetite, Limits, Thresholds and Alerts Setting. We apply a framework of limits and thresholds to control and monitor risk across transactions, products, businesses and markets. The Board, directly or indirectly through its Risk Committee, approves limits, thresholds and alerts included in our risk appetite statement at firmwide, business and product levels. In addition, the Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee, through delegated authority from the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee, is responsible for approving our risk limits, thresholds and alerts policy, subject to the overall limits approved by the Risk Committee of the Board, and monitoring these limits. 
 The Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee is responsible for approving limits at firmwide, business and product levels. Certain limits may be set at levels that will require periodic adjustment, rather than at levels that reflect our maximum risk appetite. This fosters an ongoing dialogue about risk among our first and second lines of defense, committees and senior management, as well as rapid escalation of risk-related matters. Additionally, through delegated authority from the Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee, Market Risk sets limits at certain product and desk levels, and Credit Risk sets limits for individual counterparties and their subsidiaries, industries and countries. Limits are reviewed regularly and amended on a permanent or temporary basis to reflect changes to our strategic business plan, as well as changing market conditions, business conditions or risk tolerance. 
 Risk Metrics, Reporting and Monitoring. Effective risk reporting and risk decision-making depends on our ability to get the right information to the right people at the right time. As such, we focus on the rigor and effectiveness of our risk systems, with the objective of ensuring that our risk management technology systems provide us with complete, accurate and timely information. Our risk metrics, reporting and monitoring processes are designed to take into account information about both existing and emerging risks, thereby enabling our risk committees and senior management to perform their responsibilities with the appropriate level of insight into risk exposures. Furthermore, our limit and threshold breach processes provide means for timely escalation. We evaluate changes in our risk profile and our businesses, including changes in business mix or jurisdictions in which we operate, by monitoring risk factors at a firmwide level. 

94 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Risk Decision-Making. Our governance structure provides the protocol and responsibility for decision-making on risk management issues and is designed to ensure implementation of those decisions. We make extensive use of risk committees that meet regularly and serve as an important means to facilitate and foster ongoing discussions to manage and mitigate risks. 
 We maintain strong and proactive communication about risk and we have a culture of collaboration in decision-making among our first and second lines of defense, committees and senior management. While our first line of defense is responsible for management of their risk, we dedicate extensive resources to our second line of defense in order to ensure a strong oversight structure and an appropriate segregation of duties. We regularly reinforce our strong culture of escalation and accountability across all functions. 
 People. Even the best technology serves only as a tool for helping to make informed decisions in real time about the risks we are taking. Ultimately, effective risk management requires our people to interpret our risk data on an ongoing and timely basis and adjust risk positions accordingly. The experience of our professionals, and their understanding of the nuances and limitations of each risk measure, guides us in assessing exposures and maintaining them within prudent levels. 
 We reinforce a culture of effective risk management, consistent with our risk appetite, in our training and development programs, as well as in the way we evaluate performance, and recognize and reward our people. Our training and development programs, including certain sessions led by our most senior leaders, are focused on the importance of risk management, client relationships and reputational excellence. As part of our performance review process, we assess reputational excellence, including how an employee exercises good risk management and reputational judgment, and adheres to our code of conduct and compliance policies. Our review and reward processes are designed to communicate and reinforce to our professionals the link between behavior and how people are recognized, the need to focus on our clients and our reputation, and the need to always act in accordance with our highest standards. 

Structure 
 Ultimate oversight of risk is the responsibility of our Board. The Board oversees risk both directly and through its committees, including its Risk Committee. We also have a series of committees that generally consist of senior managers from both our first and second lines of defense, with specific risk management mandates that have oversight or decision-making responsibilities for risk management activities. We have established procedures for these committees so that appropriate information barriers are in place. Our primary risk committees, most of which also have additional sub-committees, councils or working groups, are described below. In addition to these committees, we have other risk committees that provide oversight for different businesses, activities, products, regions and entities. All of our committees have responsibility for considering the impact on our reputation of the transactions and activities that they oversee. 
 Membership of our risk committees is reviewed regularly and updated to reflect changes in the responsibilities of the committee members. Accordingly, the length of time that members serve on the respective committees varies as determined by the committee chairs and based on the responsibilities of the members. 
 The chart below presents an overview of our risk management governance structure. 
 
 Management Committee. The Management Committee oversees our global activities. It provides this oversight directly and through authority delegated to committees it has established. This committee consists of our most senior leaders, and is chaired by our chief executive officer. Most members of the Management Committee are also members of other committees. The following are the committees that are principally involved in firmwide risk management. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 95 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee. The Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee is responsible for overseeing all of our financial and nonfinancial risks. As part of such oversight, the committee is responsible for the ongoing review, approval and monitoring of our enterprise risk management framework, as well as our risk limits, and thresholds and alerts policy, through delegated authority to the Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee. The Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee also reviews new significant strategic business initiatives to determine whether they are consistent with our risk appetite and risk management capabilities. Additionally, the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee performs enhanced reviews of significant risk events, the top residual and emerging risks, and the overall risk and control environment in each of our business units in order to propose uplifts, identify elements that are common to all business units and analyze the consolidated residual risks that we face. This committee, which reports to the Management Committee, is co-chaired by our president and chief operating officer and our chief risk officer, who are appointed as chairs by our chief executive officer, and the vice-chair is our chief financial officer, who is appointed as vice-chair by the chairs of the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee. The Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee also periodically provides updates to, and receives guidance from, the Risk Committee of the Board. The following are the primary committees or councils that report to the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee (unless otherwise noted): 
 Firmwide Risk Council. The Firmwide Risk Council is responsible for the ongoing monitoring of relevant financial risks at the firmwide, business and product levels. This council is co-chaired by our chief financial officer and our chief risk officer. 
 Firmwide New Activity Committee. The Firmwide New Activity Committee is responsible for reviewing new activities and for establishing a process to identify and review previously approved activities that are significant and that have changed in complexity and/or structure or present different reputational and suitability concerns over time to consider whether these activities remain appropriate. This committee is chaired by our controller and chief accounting officer, who is appointed as chair by the chairs of the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee. 

Firmwide Operational Risk and Resilience Committee. The Firmwide Operational Risk and Resilience Committee is responsible for overseeing operational risk, and seeks to ensure our business and operational resilience. To assist the Firmwide Operational Risk and Resilience Committee in carrying out its mandate, other risk committees with dedicated oversight for technology-related risks, including cybersecurity matters and artificial intelligence (AI), report into the Firmwide Operational Risk and Resilience Committee. This committee is co-chaired by our chief administrative officer for EMEA and our head of Operational Risk, who are appointed as chairs by the chairs of the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee. 
 Firmwide Conduct Committee. The Firmwide Conduct Committee is responsible for the ongoing approval and monitoring of the frameworks and policies which govern our conduct risks. Conduct risk is the risk that our people fail to act in a manner consistent with our Business Principles and related core values, policies or codes, or applicable laws or regulations, thereby falling short in fulfilling their responsibilities to us, our clients, colleagues, other market participants or the broader community. This committee is chaired by our chief legal officer, who is appoin ted as chair by the chairs of the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee. 
 Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee. The Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee (through delegated authority from the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee) is responsible for the ongoing approval and monitoring of risk frameworks, policies and parameters related to our core risk management processes, as well as limits, thresholds and alerts, at firmwide, business and product levels. In addition, this committee is responsible for overseeing our financial risks and reviews the results of stress tests and scenario analyses. To assist the Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee in carrying out its mandate, a number of other risk committees with dedicated oversight for stress testing, model risks, Volcker Rule compliance, as well as our investments or other capital commitments that may give rise to financial risk, report into the Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee. This committee is chaired by our chief risk officer, who is appointed as chair by the chairs of the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee. The Firmwide Capital Committee and Firmwide Commitments Committee report to the Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee. 
 Firmwide Capital Comm ittee. The Firmwide Capital Committee provides approval and oversight of debt-related transactions, including principal commitments of our capital. This committee aims to ensure that business, reputational and suitability standards for underwritings and capital commitments are maintained on a global basis. This committee is co-chaired by our head of Credit Risk and a co-head of our Global Financing Group, who are appointed as chairs by the chair of the Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee. 

96 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Firmwide Commitments Committee. The Firmwide Commitments Committee reviews our underwriting and distribution activities with respect to equity and equity-related product offerings, and sets and maintains policies and procedures designed to ensure that legal, reputational, regulatory and business standards are maintained on a global basis. In addition to reviewing specific transactions, this committee periodically conducts general strategic reviews of sectors and products and establishes policies in connection with transaction practices. This committee is co-chaired by our chief equity underwriting officer for the Americas, a co-chairman of our Global Financial Institutions Group, and a co-head of our Global Investment Grade Capital Markets and Risk Management Group in Global Banking Markets, who are appointed as chairs by the chair of the Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee. 
 Firmwide Reputational Risk Committee. The Firmwide Reputational Risk Committee is responsible for assessing reputational risks arising from opportunities that have been identified as having potential heightened reputational risk, including transactions identified pursuant to the criteria established by the Firmwide Reputational Risk Committee and as determined by committee leadership. This committee is also responsible for overseeing client-related business standards and addressing client-related reputational risk. This committee is chaired by our president and chief operating officer, who is appointed as chair by our chief executive officer, and the vice-chairs are our chief legal officer and the head of Conflicts Resolution, who are appointed as vice-chairs by the chair of the Firmwide Reputational Risk Committee. This committee periodically provides updates to, and receives guidance from, the Public Responsibilities Committee of the Board. The Firmwide Suitability Committee reports to the Firmwide Reputational Risk Committee. 
 Firmwide Suitability Committee. The Firmwide Suitability Committee is responsible for setting standards and policies for product, transaction and client suitability and providing a forum for consistency across functions, regions and products on suitability assessments. This committee also reviews suitability matters escalated from other committees. This committee is co-chaired by our chief compliance officer and an advisory director, who are appointed as chairs by the chair of the Firmwide Reputational Risk Committee. 
 Firmwide Data Governance Committee. The Firmwide Data Governance Committee is responsible for overseeing the firmwide data governance framework, and its implementation, to help ensure that data governance and data quality are appropriate. This committee is co-chaired by our chief information officer and our chief risk officer, who are appointed as chairs by the chairs of the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee. 

Firmwide Asset Liability Committee. The Firmwide Asset Liability Committee reviews and approves the strategic direction for our financial resources, including capital, liquidity, funding and balance sheet. This committee has oversight responsibility for asset liability management, including interest rate and currency risk, funds transfer pricing, capital allocation and incentives, and credit ratings. This committee makes recommendations as to any adjustments to asset liability management and financial resource allocation in light of current events, risks, exposures, and regulatory requirements and approves related policies. This committee is co-chaired by our chief financial officer and our global treasurer, who are appointed as chairs by our chief executive officer, and reports to the Management Committee. 
 
 Liquidity Risk Management 
 Overview 
 Liquidity risk is the risk that we will be unable to fund ourselves or meet our liquidity needs in the event of firm-specific, broader industry or market liquidity stress events. We have in place a comprehensive and conservative set of liquidity and funding policies. Our principal objective is to be able to fund ourselves and to enable our core businesses to continue to serve clients and generate revenues, even under adverse circumstances. 
 Treasury, which reports to our chief financial officer, has primary responsibility for developing, managing and executing our liquidity and funding strategy within our risk appetite. 
 Liquidity Risk, which is independent of our revenue-producing units and Treasury, and reports to our chief risk officer, has primary responsibility for identifying, monitoring and managing our liquidity risk through firmwide oversight across our global businesses and the establishment of stress testing and limits frameworks. 
 Liquidity Risk Management Principles 
 We manage liquidity risk according to three principles: (i) hold sufficient excess liquidity in the form of GCLA to cover outflows during a stressed period, (ii) maintain appropriate Asset-Liability Management and (iii) maintain a viable Contingency Funding Plan. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 97 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 GCLA. GCLA is liquidity that we maintain to meet a broad range of potential cash outflows and collateral needs in a stressed environment. A primary liquidity principle is to pre-fund our estimated potential cash and collateral needs during a liquidity crisis and hold this liquidity in the form of unencumbered, highly liquid securities and cash. We believe that the securities held in our GCLA would be readily convertible to cash in a matter of days, through liquidation, by entering into repurchase agreements or from maturities of resale agreements, and that this cash would allow us to meet immediate obligations without needing to sell other assets or depend on additional funding from credit-sensitive markets. 
 Our GCLA reflects the following principles: 
 The first days or weeks of a liquidity crisis are the most critical to a company s survival; 
 Focus must be maintained on all potential cash and collateral outflows, not just disruptions to financing flows. Our businesses are diverse, and our liquidity needs are determined by many factors, including market movements, collateral requirements and client commitments, all of which can change dramatically in a difficult funding environment; 
 During a liquidity crisis, credit-sensitive funding, including unsecured debt, certain deposits and some types of secured financing agreements, may be unavailable, and the terms (e.g., interest rates, collateral provisions and tenor) or availability of other types of secured financing may change and certain deposits may be withdrawn; and 
 As a result of our policy to pre-fund liquidity that we estimate may be needed in a crisis, we hold more unencumbered securities and have larger funding balances than our businesses would otherwise require. We believe that our liquidity is stronger with greater balances of highly liquid unencumbered securities, even though it increases our total assets and our funding costs. 
 We maintain our GCLA across Group Inc., Goldman Sachs Funding LLC (Funding IHC) and Group Inc. s major broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries, asset types and clearing agents with the goal of providing us with sufficient operating liquidity to ensure timely settlement in all major markets, even in a difficult funding environment. In addition to the GCLA, we maintain cash balances and securities in several of our other entities, primarily for use in specific currencies, entities or jurisdictions where we do not have immediate access to parent company liquidity. 

Asset-Liability Management. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We manage the maturities and diversity of our funding across markets, products and counterparties, and seek to maintain a diversified funding profile with an appropriate tenor, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets. 
 Our approach to asset-liability management includes: 
 Conservatively managing the overall characteristics of our funding book, with a focus on maintaining long-term, diversified sources of funding in excess of our current requirements. See Balance Sheet and Funding Sources Funding Sources for further information; 
 Actively managing and monitoring our asset base, with particular focus on the liquidity, holding period and ability to fund assets on a secured basis. We assess our funding requirements and our ability to liquidate assets in a stressed environment while appropriately managing risk. This enables us to determine the most appropriate funding products and tenors. See Balance Sheet and Funding Sources Balance Sheet Management for further information about our balance sheet management process and Funding Sources Secured Funding for further information about asset classes that may be harder to fund on a secured basis; and 
 Raising secured and unsecured financing that has a long tenor relative to the liquidity profile of our assets. This reduces the risk that our liabilities will come due in advance of our ability to generate liquidity from the sale of our assets. Because we maintain a highly liquid balance sheet, the holding period of certain of our assets may be materially shorter than their contractual maturity dates. 
 Our goal is to ensure that we maintain sufficient liquidity to fund our assets and meet our contractual and contingent obligations in normal times, as well as during periods of market stress. Through our dynamic balance sheet management process, we use actual and projected asset balances to determine secured and unsecured funding requirements. Funding plans are reviewed and approved by the Firmwide Asset Liability Committee. In addition, our independent risk oversight and control functions analyze, and the Firmwide Asset Liability Committee reviews, our total unsecured long-term borrowings and total shareholders equity to help ensure that we maintain a level of long-term funding that is sufficient to meet our long-term financing requirements. In a liquidity crisis, we would begin by liquidating and monetizing our GCLA before selling other assets. However, we recognize that orderly asset sales may be prudent or necessary in a severe or persistent liquidity crisis. 

98 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Subsidiary Funding Policies 
 The majority of our unsecured borrowings is raised by Group Inc., which provides the necessary funds to Funding IHC and other subsidiaries, some of which are regulated, to meet their asset financing, liquidity and capital requirements. In addition, Group Inc. provides its regulated subsidiaries with the necessary capital to meet their regulatory requirements. The benefits of this approach to subsidiary funding are enhanced control and greater flexibility to meet the funding requirements of our subsidiaries. Funding is also raised at the subsidiary level through a variety of products, including deposits, secured funding and unsecured borrowings. 
 Our intercompany funding policies assume that a subsidiary s funds or securities are not freely available to its parent, Funding IHC or other subsidiaries unless (i) legally provided for and (ii) there are no additional regulatory, tax or other restrictions. In particular, many of our subsidiaries are subject to laws that authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to Group Inc. or Funding IHC. Regulatory action of that kind could impede access to funds that Group Inc. needs to make payments on its obligations. Accordingly, we assume that the capital provided to our regulated subsidiaries is not available to Group Inc. or other subsidiaries and any other financing provided to our regulated subsidiaries is not available to Group Inc. or Funding IHC until the maturity of such financing. 
 Group Inc. has provided substantial amounts of equity and subordinated indebtedness, directly or indirectly, to its regulated subsidiaries. For example, as of December 2023, Group Inc. had 36.58 billion of equity and subordinated indebtedness invested in GS Co., its principal U.S. registered broker-dealer; 47.17 billion invested in GSI, a regulated U.K. broker-dealer; 2.44 billion invested in GSJCL, a regulated Japanese broker-dealer; 56.91 billion invested in GS Bank USA, a regulated New York State-chartered bank; and 4.80 billion invested in GSIB, a regulated U.K. bank. Group Inc. also provides financing, directly or indirectly, in the form of: 137.58 billion of unsubordinated loans (including secured loans of 40.47 billion) and 35.60 billion of collateral and cash deposits to these entities as of December 2023. In addition, as of December 2023, Group Inc. had significant amounts of capital invested in and loans to its other regulated subsidiaries. 

Contingency Funding Plan. We maintain a contingency funding plan to provide a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. Our contingency funding plan outlines a list of potential risk factors, key reports and metrics that are reviewed on an ongoing basis to assist in assessing the severity of, and managing through, a liquidity crisis and/or market dislocation. The contingency funding plan also describes in detail our potential responses if our assessments indicate that we have entered a liquidity crisis, which include pre-funding for what we estimate will be our potential cash and collateral needs, as well as utilizing secondary sources of liquidity. Mitigants and action items to address specific risks which may arise are also described and assigned to individuals responsible for execution. 
 The contingency funding plan identifies key groups of individuals and their responsibilities, which include fostering effective coordination, control and distribution of information, implementing liquidity maintenance activities and managing internal and external communication, all of which are critical in the management of a crisis or period of market stress. 
 Stress Tests 
 In order to determine the appropriate size of our GCLA, we model liquidity outflows over a range of scenarios and time horizons. One of our primary internal liquidity risk models, referred to as the Modeled Liquidity Outflow, quantifies our liquidity risks over a 30-day stress scenario. We also consider other factors, including, but not limited to, an assessment of our potential intraday liquidity needs through an additional internal liquidity risk model, referred to as the Intraday Liquidity Model, the results of our long-term stress testing models, our resolution liquidity models and other applicable regulatory requirements and a qualitative assessment of our condition, as well as the financial markets. The results of the Modeled Liquidity Outflow, the Intraday Liquidity Model, the long-term stress testing models and the resolution liquidity models are reported to senior management on a regular basis. We also perform firmwide stress tests. See Overview and Structure of Risk Management for information about firmwide stress tests. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 99 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Modeled Liquidity Outflow. Our Modeled Liquidity Outflow is based on conducting multiple scenarios that include combinations of market-wide and firm-specific stress. These scenarios are characterized by the following qualitative elements: 
 Severely challenged market environments, which include low consumer and corporate confidence, financial and political instability, and adverse changes in market values, including potential declines in equity markets and widening of credit spreads; and 
 A firm-specific crisis potentially triggered by material losses, reputational damage (including, as a result of, the dissemination of negative information through social media), litigation and/or a ratings downgrade. 
 The following are key modeling elements of our Modeled Liquidity Outflow: 
 Liquidity needs over a 30-day scenario; 
 A two-notch downgrade of our long-term senior unsecured credit ratings; 
 Changing conditions in funding markets, which limit our access to unsecured and secured funding; 
 No support from additional government funding facilities. Although we have access to various central bank funding programs, we do not assume reliance on additional sources of funding in a liquidity crisis; and 
 A combination of contractual outflows and contingent outflows arising from both our on- and off-balance sheet arrangements. Contractual outflows include, among other things, upcoming maturities of unsecured debt, term deposits and secured funding. Contingent outflows include, among other things, the withdrawal of customer credit balances in our prime brokerage business, increase in variation margin requirements due to adverse changes in the value of our exchange-traded and OTC-cleared derivatives, draws on unfunded commitments and withdrawals of deposits that have no contractual maturity. See notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information about contractual outflows, including Note 11 for collateralized financings, Note 13 for deposits, Note 14 for unsecured long-term borrowings and Note 15 for operating lease payments, and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements for further information about our various types of off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 Intraday Liquidity Model. Our Intraday Liquidity Model measures our intraday liquidity needs in a scenario where access to sources of intraday liquidity may become constrained. The intraday liquidity model considers a variety of factors, including historical settlement activity. 

Long-Term Stress Testing. We utilize longer-term stress tests to take a forward view on our liquidity position through prolonged stress periods in which we experience a severe liquidity stress and recover in an environment that continues to be challenging. We are focused on ensuring conservative asset-liability management to prepare for a prolonged period of potential stress, seeking to maintain a diversified funding profile with an appropriate tenor, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets. 
 Resolution Liquidity Models. In connection with our resolution planning efforts, we have established our Resolution Liquidity Adequacy and Positioning framework, which estimates liquidity needs of our major subsidiaries in a stressed environment. The liquidity needs are measured using our Modeled Liquidity Outflow assumptions and include certain additional inter-affiliate exposures. We have also established our Resolution Liquidity Execution Need framework, which measures the liquidity needs of our major subsidiaries to stabilize and wind down following a Group Inc. bankruptcy filing in accordance with our preferred resolution strategy. 
 In addition, we have established a triggers and alerts framework, which is designed to provide the Board with information needed to make an informed decision on whether and when to commence bankruptcy proceedings for Group Inc. 
 Limits 
 We use liquidity risk limits at various levels and across liquidity risk types to manage the size of our liquidity exposures. Limits are measured relative to acceptable levels of risk given our liquidity risk tolerance. See Overview and Structure of Risk Management for information about the limit approval process. 
 Limits are monitored by Treasury and Liquidity Risk. Liquidity Risk is responsible for identifying and escalating to senior management and/or the appropriate risk committee, on a timely basis, instances where limits have been exceeded. 
 GCLA and Unencumbered Metrics 
 GCLA. Based on the results of our internal liquidity risk models, described above, as well as our consideration of other factors, including, but not limited to, a qualitative assessment of our condition, as well as the financial markets, we believe our liquidity position as of both December 2023 and December 2022 was appropriate. We strictly limit our GCLA to a narrowly defined list of securities and cash because they are highly liquid, even in a difficult funding environment. We do not include other potential sources of excess liquidity in our GCLA, such as less liquid unencumbered securities or committed credit facilities. 

100 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 The table below presents information about our GCLA. 
 Average for the 
 Three Months 
 Year Ended 
 Ended December 
 December 
 in millions 2023 2022 2023 2022 Denomination U.S. dollar 282,414 312,414 282,307 281,427 Non-U.S. dollar 131,176 96,404 124,691 116,655 Total 413,590 408,818 406,998 398,082 Asset Class 
 Overnight cash deposits 204,929 217,141 231,066 228,203 U.S. government obligations 150,806 149,519 133,000 126,349 U.S. agency obligations 22,895 12,789 16,387 11,007 Non-U.S. government obligations 34,960 29,369 26,545 32,523 Total 413,590 408,818 406,998 398,082 Entity Type 
 Group Inc. and Funding IHC 65,952 69,386 66,803 64,579 Major broker-dealer subsidiaries 117,818 109,502 114,824 113,887 Major bank subsidiaries 229,820 229,930 225,371 219,616 Total 413,590 408,818 406,998 398,082 
 In the table above: 
 The U.S. dollar-denominated GCLA consists of (i) unencumbered U.S. government and agency obligations (including highly liquid U.S. agency mortgage-backed obligations), all of which are eligible as collateral in Federal Reserve open market operations and (ii) certain overnight U.S. dollar cash deposits. 
 The non-U.S. dollar-denominated GCLA consists of non-U.S. government obligations (only unencumbered German, French, Japanese and U.K. government obligations) and certain overnight cash deposits in highly liquid currencies. 
 We maintain our GCLA to enable us to meet current and potential liquidity requirements of our parent company, Group Inc., and its subsidiaries. Our Modeled Liquidity Outflow and Intraday Liquidity Model incorporate a requirement for Group Inc., as well as a standalone requirement for each of our major broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries. Funding IHC is required to provide the necessary liquidity to Group Inc. during the ordinary course of business, and is also obligated to provide capital and liquidity support to major subsidiaries in the event of our material financial distress or failure. Liquidity held directly in each of our major broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries is intended for use only by that subsidiary to meet its liquidity requirements and is assumed not to be available to Group Inc. or Funding IHC unless (i) legally provided for and (ii) there are no additional regulatory, tax or other restrictions. In addition, the Modeled Liquidity Outflow and Intraday Liquidity Model also incorporate a broader assessment of standalone liquidity requirements for other subsidiaries and we hold a portion of our GCLA directly at Group Inc. or Funding IHC to support such requirements. 

Other Unencumbered Assets. In addition to our GCLA, we have a significant amount of other unencumbered cash and financial instruments, including other government obligations, high-grade money market securities, corporate obligations, marginable equities, loans and cash deposits not included in our GCLA. The fair value of our unencumbered assets averaged 286.51 billion for the three months ended December 2023, 273.49 billion for the three months ended December 2022, 281.95 billion for the year ended December 2023 and 275.69 billion for the year ended December 2022. We do not consider these assets liquid enough to be eligible for our GCLA. 
 Liquidity Regulatory Framework 
 We are subject to a minimum Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) under the LCR rule approved by the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies. The LCR rule requires organizations to maintain an adequate ratio of eligible high-quality liquid assets (HQLA) to expected net cash outflows under an acute, short-term liquidity stress scenario. Eligible HQLA excludes HQLA held by subsidiaries that is in excess of their minimum requirement and is subject to transfer restrictions. We are required to maintain a minimum LCR of 100 . We expect that fluctuations in client activity, business mix and the market environment will impact our LCR. 
 The table below presents information about our average daily LCR. 
 Average for the Three Months Ended December September December 
 in millions 2023 2023 2022 Total HQLA 401,721 397,758 401,836 Eligible HQLA 326,181 316,291 291,118 Net cash outflows 255,106 253,238 226,532 LCR 
 128 125 129 
 I n the table above, our average quarterly LCR represents the average of our daily LCRs during the quarter. 
 We are also subject to a minimum Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) under the NSFR rule approved by the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies. The NSFR rule requires large U.S. banking organizations to maintain available stable funding (ASF) above their required stable funding (RSF) over a one-year time horizon. Total ASF excludes ASF held by subsidiaries that is in excess of their minimum requirement and is subject to transfer restrictions. We are required to maintain a minimum NSFR of 100 . We expect that fluctuations in client activity, business mix and the market environment will impact our NSFR. 
 The table below presents information about our average daily NSFR. 
 Average for the Three Months Ended December September in millions 
 2023 2023 Total ASF 
 628,734 617,341 Total RSF 
 542,089 529,635 NSFR 
 116 117 
 In the table above, our average quarterly NSFR represents the average of our daily NSFRs during the quarter. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 101 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 The following provides information about our subsidiary liquidity regulatory requirements: 
 GS Bank USA. GS Bank USA is subject to a minimum LCR of 100 under the LCR rule approved by the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies. As of December 2023, GS Bank USA s LCR exceeded the minimum requirement. The NSFR requirement described above also applies to GS Bank USA. As of December 2023, GS Bank USA s NSFR exceeded the minimum requirement. 
 GSI and GSIB. GSI and GSIB are subject to a minimum LCR of 100 under the LCR rule approved by the U.K. regulatory authorities. GSI s and GSIB s average monthly LCR for the trailing twelve-month period ended December 2023 exceeded the minimum requirement. GSI and GSIB are subject to the applicable NSFR requirement in the U.K. As of December 2023, both GSI s and GSIB s NSFR exceeded the minimum requirement. 
 GSBE. GSBE is subject to a minimum LCR of 100 under the LCR rule approved by the European Parliament and Council. GSBE s average monthly LCR for the trailing twelve-month period ended December 2023 exceeded the minimum requirement. GSBE is subject to the applicable NSFR requirement in the E.U. As of December 2023, GSBE s NSFR exceeded the minimum requirement. 
 Other Subsidiaries. We monitor local regulatory liquidity requirements of our subsidiaries to ensure compliance. For many of our subsidiaries, these requirements either have changed or are likely to change in the future due to the implementation of the Basel Committee s framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring, as well as other regulatory developments. 
 The implementation of these rules and any amendments adopted by the regulatory authorities could impact our liquidity and funding requirements and practices in the future. 
 Credit Ratings 
 We rely on the short- and long-term debt capital markets to fund a significant portion of our day-to-day operations, and the cost and availability of debt financing is influenced by our credit ratings. Credit ratings are also important when we are competing in certain markets, such as OTC derivatives, and when we seek to engage in longer-term transactions. See Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for information about the risks associated with a reduction in our credit ratings. 

The table below presents the unsecured credit ratings and outlook of Group Inc. 
 As of December 2023 DBRS Fitch Moody s R I S P Short-term debt R-1 (middle) F1 P-1 a-1 A-2 Long-term debt A (high) A A2 A BBB+ Subordinated debt A BBB+ Baa2 A- BBB Trust preferred A BBB- Baa3 N/A BB+ Preferred stock BBB (high) BBB- Ba1 N/A BB+ Ratings outlook Stable Stable Stable Stable Stable 
 In the table above: 
 The ratings and outlook are by DBRS, Inc. (DBRS), Fitch, Inc. (Fitch), Moody s Investors Service (Moody s), Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R I), and Standard Poor s Ratings Services (S P). 
 The ratings for trust preferred relate to the guaranteed preferred beneficial interests issued by Goldman Sachs Capital I. 
 The DBRS, Fitch, Moody s and S P ratings for preferred stock include the APEX issued by Goldman Sachs Capital II and Goldman Sachs Capital III. 
 The table below presents the unsecured credit ratings and outlook of GS Bank USA, GSIB, GSBE, GS Co. and GSI. 
 As of December 2023 Fitch Moody s S P GS Bank USA Short-term debt F1 P-1 A-1 Long-term debt A+ A1 A+ Short-term bank deposits F1+ P-1 N/A Long-term bank deposits AA- A1 N/A Ratings outlook Stable Stable Stable GSIB Short-term debt F1 P-1 A-1 Long-term debt A+ A1 A+ Short-term bank deposits F1 P-1 N/A Long-term bank deposits A+ A1 N/A Ratings outlook Stable Stable Stable GSBE Short-term debt F1 P-1 A-1 Long-term debt A+ A1 A+ Short-term bank deposits N/A P-1 N/A Long-term bank deposits N/A A1 N/A Ratings outlook Stable Stable Stable GS Co. Short-term debt F1 N/A A-1 Long-term debt A+ N/A A+ Ratings outlook Stable N/A Stable GSI Short-term debt F1 P-1 A-1 Long-term debt A+ A1 A+ Ratings outlook Stable Stable Stable 

102 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 We believe our credit ratings are primarily based on the credit rating agencies assessment of: 
 Our liquidity, market, credit and operational risk management practices; 
 Our level and variability of earnings; 
 Our capital base; 
 Our franchise, reputation and management; 
 Our corporate governance; and 
 The external operating and economic environment, including, in some cases, the assumed level of government support or other systemic considerations, such as potential resolution. 
 Certain of our derivatives have been transacted under bilateral agreements with counterparties who may require us to post collateral or terminate the transactions based on changes in our credit ratings. We manage our GCLA to ensure we would, among other potential requirements, be able to make the additional collateral or termination payments that may be required in the event of a two-notch reduction in our long-term credit ratings, as well as collateral that has not been called by counterparties, but is available to them. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about derivatives with credit-related contingent features and the additional collateral or termination payments related to our net derivative liabilities under bilateral agreements that could have been called by counterparties in the event of a one- or two-notch downgrade in our credit ratings. 
 Cash Flows 
 As a global financial institution, our cash flows are complex and bear little relation to our net earnings and net assets. Consequently, we believe that traditional cash flow analysis is less meaningful in evaluating our liquidity position than the liquidity and asset-liability management policies described above. Cash flow analysis may, however, be helpful in highlighting certain macro trends and strategic initiatives in our businesses. 

Year Ended December 2023 . Our cash and cash equivalents decreased by 248 million to 241.58 billion at the end of 2023, due to net cash used for investing and operating activities, partially offset by net cash provided by financing activities and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents. The net cash used for investing activities primarily reflected net purchases of investments (primarily U.S. government obligations accounted for as held-to-maturity securities). The net cash used for operating activities primarily reflected cash outflows from trading assets and customer and other receivables and payables, net (reflecting a decrease in customer and other payables, partially offset by a decrease in customer and other receivables), partially offset by cash inflows from collateralized transactions (reflecting an increase in collateralized financings, partially offset by an increase in collateralized agreements), net earnings and trading liabilities. The net cash provided by financing activities primarily reflected cash inflows from deposits (reflecting increases in consumer deposits, brokered certificates of deposits and other deposits, partially offset by decreases in deposits sweep program balances and private bank deposits), partially offset by net repayments of unsecured long-term borrowings. The increase in cash and cash equivalents as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates was due to the U.S. dollar weakening during 2023. 
 Year Ended December 2022 . Our cash and cash equivalents decreased by 19.21 billion to 241.83 billion at the end of 2022, due to net cash used for investing activities and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, partially offset by net cash provided by financing and operating activities. The net cash used for investing activities primarily reflected purchases of investments (primarily U.S. government obligations accounted for as held-to-maturity) and an increase in net lending activities (reflecting increases in other collateralized and consumer loans). The net cash provided by financing activities primarily reflected cash inflows from net issuances of unsecured long-term borrowings and deposits (reflecting increases in transaction banking and private bank and consumer deposits, partially offset by a decrease in other deposits). The net cash provided by operating activities primarily reflected cash inflows from trading assets and liabilities, customer and other receivables and payables, net (reflecting both a decrease in customer and other receivables and an increase in customer and other payables), net earnings and loans held for sale, net, partially offset by cash outflows from collateralized transactions (reflecting both a decrease in collateralized financings and an increase in collateralized agreements). The decrease in cash and cash equivalents as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates was due to the U.S. dollar strengthening during 2022. 
 For an analysis of cash flows for the year ended December 2021, see Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 103 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Market Risk Management 
 Overview 
 Market risk is the risk of an adverse impact to our earnings due to changes in market conditions. Our assets and liabilities that give rise to market risk primarily include positions held for market making for our clients and for our investing and financing activities, and these positions change based on client demands and our investment opportunities. We employ a variety of risk measures, each described in the respective sections below, to monitor market risk. Categories of market risk include the following: 
 Interest rate risk: results from exposures to changes in the level, slope and curvature of yield curves, the volatilities of interest rates, prepayment speeds and credit spreads; 
 Equity price risk: results from exposures to changes in prices and volatilities of individual equities, baskets of equities and equity indices; 
 Currency rate risk: results from exposures to changes in spot prices, forward prices and volatilities of currency rates; and 
 Commodity price risk: results from exposures to changes in spot prices, forward prices and volatilities of commodities, such as crude oil, petroleum products, natural gas, electricity, and precious and base metals. 
 Market Risk, which is independent of our revenue-producing units and reports to our chief risk officer, has primary responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing our market risk through firmwide oversight across our global businesses. 
 Managers in revenue-producing units, Treasury and Market Risk discuss market information, positions and estimated loss scenarios on an ongoing basis. Managers in revenue-producing units and Treasury are accountable for managing risk within prescribed limits. These managers have in-depth knowledge of their positions, markets and the instruments available to hedge their exposures. 

Market Risk Management Process 
 Our process for managing market risk includes the critical components of our risk management framework described in the Overview and Structure of Risk Management, as well as the following: 
 Monitoring compliance with established market risk limits and reporting our exposures; 
 Diversifying exposures; 
 Controlling position sizes; and 
 Evaluating mitigants, such as economic hedges in related securities or derivatives. 
 Our market risk management systems enable us to perform an independent calculation of Value-at-Risk (VaR), Earnings-at-Risk (EaR) and other stress measures, capture risk measures at individual position levels, attribute risk measures to individual risk factors of each position, report many different views of the risk measures (e.g., by desk, business, product type or entity) and produce ad hoc analyses in a timely manner. 
 Risk Measures 
 We produce risk measures and monitor them against established market risk limits. These measures reflect an extensive range of scenarios and the results are aggregated at product, business and firmwide levels. 
 We use a variety of risk measures to estimate the size of potential losses for both moderate and more extreme market moves over both short- and long-term time horizons. Our primary risk measures are VaR, EaR and other stress tests. 
 Our risk reports detail key risks, drivers and changes for each desk and business, and are distributed daily to senior management of both our revenue-producing units and our independent risk oversight and control functions. 
 Value-at-Risk. VaR is the potential loss in value due to adverse market movements over a defined time horizon with a specified confidence level. For assets and liabilities included in VaR, see Financial Statement Linkages to Market Risk Measures. We typically employ a one-day time horizon with a 95 confidence level. We use a single VaR model, which captures risks, including those related to interest rates, equity prices, currency rates and commodity prices. As such, VaR facilitates comparison across portfolios of different risk characteristics. VaR also captures the diversification of aggregated risk at the firmwide level. 

104 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 We are aware of the inherent limitations to VaR and therefore use a variety of risk measures in our market risk management process. Inherent limitations to VaR include: 
 VaR does not estimate potential losses over longer time horizons where moves may be extreme; 
 VaR does not take account of the relative liquidity of different risk positions; and 
 Previous moves in market risk factors may not produce accurate predictions of all future market moves. 
 To comprehensively capture our exposures and relevant risks in our VaR calculation, we use historical simulations with full valuation of market factors at the position level by simultaneously shocking the relevant market factors for that position. These market factors include spot prices, credit spreads, funding spreads, yield curves, volatility and correlation, and are updated periodically based on changes in the composition of positions, as well as variations in market conditions. We sample from five years of historical data to generate the scenarios for our VaR calculation. The historical data is weighted so that the relative importance of the data reduces over time. This gives greater importance to more recent observations and reflects current asset volatilities, which improves the accuracy of our estimates of potential loss. As a result, even if our positions included in VaR were unchanged, our VaR would increase with increasing market volatility and vice versa. 
 Given its reliance on historical data, VaR is most effective in estimating risk exposures in markets in which there are no sudden fundamental changes or shifts in market conditions. 
 Our VaR measure does not include: 
 Positions that are not accounted for at fair value, such as held-to-maturity securities and loans, deposits and unsecured borrowings that are accounted for at amortized cost; 
 Available-for-sale securities for which the related unrealized fair value gains and losses are included in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss); 
 Positions that are best measured and monitored using sensitivity measures; and 
 The impact of changes in counterparty and our own credit spreads on derivatives, as well as changes in our own credit spreads on financial liabilities for which the fair value option was elected. 
 We perform daily backtesting of our VaR model (i.e., comparing daily net revenues for positions included in VaR to the VaR measure calculated as of the prior business day) at the firmwide level and for each of our businesses and major regulated subsidiaries. 

Earnings-at-Risk. We manage our interest rate risk using the EaR metric. EaR measures the estimated impact of changes in interest rates to our net revenues and preferred stock dividends over a defined time horizon. EaR complements the VaR metric, which measures the impact of interest rate changes that have an immediate impact on the fair values of our assets and liabilities (i.e., mark-to-market changes). Our exposure to interest rate risk occurs due to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 
 Differences in maturity or repricing dates of assets, liabilities, preferred stock and certain off-balance sheet instruments. 
 Differences in the amounts of assets, liabilities, preferred stock and certain off-balance sheet instruments with the same maturity or repricing dates. 
 Certain interest rate sensitive fees. 
 Treasury manages the aggregated interest rate risk from all businesses using our investment securities portfolio and interest rate derivatives. We measure EaR over a one-year time horizon following a 100- and 200-basis point instantaneous parallel shock in both short- and long-term interest rates. This sensitivity is calculated relative to a baseline market scenario, which takes into consideration, among other things, the market s expectation of forward rates, as well as our expectation of future business activity. These scenarios include contractual elements of assets, liabilities, preferred stock, and certain off-balance sheet instruments, such as rates of interest, principal repayment schedules, maturity and reset dates, and any interest rate ceilings or floors, as well as assumptions with respect to our balance sheet size and composition, prepayment behavior and deposit repricing. Deposit repricing is captured by evaluating the change in deposit rate paid relative to the change in market rates (deposit beta) and we calibrate the deposit betas used in our models by using a number of factors, including observed historical behavior, future expectations, funding needs and the competitive landscape. We continuously monitor the performance of our key assumptions against observed behavior and regularly review their sensitivity on our risk metrics. 
 We manage EaR with a goal to reduce potential volatility resulting from changes in interest rates so it remains within our EaR risk appetite. Our EaR scenario is regularly evaluated and updated, if necessary, to reflect changes in our business plans, market conditions and other macroeconomic factors. While management uses the best information available to estimate EaR, actual results may differ materially as a result of, among other things, changes in the economic environment or assumptions used in the process. We also measure the sensitivity of the economic value of our equity (EVE) to changes in interest rates. Compared to EaR, EVE provides a longer-term measurement of the interest rate risk exposure, primarily on non-trading assets and liabilities, by capturing the net impact of changes in interest rates to the present value of their cash flows. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 105 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Risk, which is independent of our revenue-producing units, and Treasury, have primary responsibility for assessing and monitoring EaR and EVE sensitivity through firmwide oversight, including oversight of interest rate risk stress testing and assumptions, and the establishment of our risk appetite. 
 Stress Testing. Stress testing is a method of determining the effect of various hypothetical stress scenarios. In addition to EaR, we use other stress tests to examine risks of specific portfolios, as well as the potential impact of our significant risk exposures. We use a variety of stress testing techniques to calculate the potential loss from a wide range of market moves on our portfolios, including firmwide stress tests, sensitivity analysis and scenario analysis. The results of our various stress tests are analyzed together for risk management purposes. See Overview and Structure of Risk Management for information about firmwide stress tests. 
 Sensitivity analysis is used to quantify the impact of a market move in a single risk factor across all positions (e.g., equity prices or credit spreads) using a variety of defined market shocks, ranging from those that could be expected over a one-day time horizon up to those that could take many months to occur. We also use sensitivity analysis to quantify the impact of the default of any single entity, which captures the risk of large or concentrated exposures. 
 Scenario analysis is used to quantify the impact of a specified event, including how the event impacts multiple risk factors simultaneously. For example, for sovereign stress testing we calculate potential direct exposure associated with our sovereign positions, as well as the corresponding debt, equity and currency exposures associated with our non-sovereign positions that may be impacted by the sovereign distress. When conducting scenario analysis, we often consider a number of possible outcomes for each scenario, ranging from moderate to severely adverse market impacts. In addition, these stress tests are constructed using both historical events and forward-looking hypothetical scenarios. 
 Unlike VaR measures, which have an implied probability because they are calculated at a specified confidence level, there may not be an implied probability that our stress testing scenarios will occur. Instead, stress testing is used to model both moderate and more extreme moves in underlying market factors. When estimating potential loss, we generally assume that our positions cannot be reduced or hedged (although experience demonstrates that we are generally able to do so). 

Limits 
 We use market risk limits at various levels to manage the size of our market exposures. These limits are set based on VaR, EaR and on a range of stress tests relevant to our exposures. See Overview and Structure of Risk Management for information about the limit approval process. 
 Limits are monitored by Treasury and Risk. Risk is responsible for identifying and escalating to senior management and/or the appropriate risk committee, on a timely basis, instances where limits have been exceeded (e.g., due to positional changes or changes in market conditions, such as increased volatilities or changes in correlations). Such instances are remediated by a reduction in the positions we hold and/or a temporary or permanent increase to the limit, if warranted. 
 Metrics 
 We analyze VaR at the firmwide level and a variety of more detailed levels, including by risk category, business and region. Diversification effect in the tables below represents the difference between total VaR and the sum of the VaRs for the four risk categories. This effect arises because the four market risk categories are not perfectly correlated. 
 During the first quarter of 2023, we added the currency exposure on certain debt and equity positions to VaR and removed certain debt and equity positions (and related hedges) from VaR as our management believes that the risk of these positions is more appropriately measured and monitored using 10 sensitivity measures. Prior period amounts for average daily VaR, period end VaR and high and low VaR have been conformed to the current presentation. The impact of such changes to prior period total VaR was not material. Substantially all positions in VaR are included within Global Banking Markets. 
 The table below presents our average daily VaR. 
 Year Ended December in millions 2023 2022 Categories Interest rates 96 96 Equity prices 29 35 Currency rates 24 32 Commodity prices 19 47 Diversification effect (69) (97) Total 99 113 
 Our average daily VaR decreased to 99 million in 2023 from 113 million in 2022, due to lower levels of volatility, partially offset by increased exposures. The total decrease was driven by decreases in the commodity prices, currency rates and equity prices categories, partially offset by a decrease in the diversification effect. 

106 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 The table below presents our period-end VaR. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Categories Interest rates 93 104 Equity prices 25 28 Currency rates 15 36 Commodity prices 14 18 Diversification effect (54) (84) Total 93 102 
 Our period-end VaR decreased to 93 million as of December 2023 from 102 million as of December 2022, due to lower levels of volatility, partially offset by increased exposures. The total decrease was driven by decreases in the currency rates, interest rates, commodity prices and equity prices categories, partially offset by a decrease in the diversification effect. 
 During 2023, the firmwide VaR risk limit was not exceeded and there were no permanent changes to the firmwide VaR risk limit. However, the firmwide VaR risk limit was temporarily changed on four occasions as a result of changes in the market environment in the first half of 2023. During 2022, the firmwide VaR risk limit was exceeded on six occasions, primarily due to higher levels of volatility generally resulting from broad macroeconomic and geopolitical concerns. These limit breaches were resolved by temporary increases in the firmwide VaR risk limit and subsequent risk reductions. During this period, the firmwide VaR risk limit was also permanently increased due to higher levels of volatility. 
 The table below presents our high and low VaR. 
 Year Ended December 
 2023 2022 in millions High Low High Low Categories Interest rates 148 70 137 56 Equity prices 49 22 59 24 Currency rates 47 9 54 18 Commodity prices 32 11 82 18 Firmwide 
 VaR 142 79 155 75 

The chart below presents our daily VaR for 2023. 
 
 The table below presents, by number of business days, the frequency distribution of our daily net revenues for positions included in VaR. 
 Year Ended December in millions 2023 2022 > 100 52 85 75 100 40 36 50 75 52 27 25 50 47 32 0 25 22 34 (25) 0 30 18 (50) (25) 4 12 (75) (50) 2 2 (100) (75) 2 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Sensitivity Measures 
 Certain portfolios and individual positions are not included in VaR because VaR is not the most appropriate risk measure. Other sensitivity measures we use to analyze market risk are described below. 
 10 Sensitivity Measures. The table below presents our market risk by asset category for positions accounted for at fair value or accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value, that are not included in VaR. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Equity 1,562 1,593 Debt 2,446 2,577 Total 4,008 4,170 
 In the table above: 
 The 10 sensitivity measures for equity and debt positions reflect the impact of the change in VaR described above. Prior period amounts have been conformed to the current presentation. 
 The market risk of these positions is determined by estimating the potential reduction in net revenues of a 10 decline in the value of the underlying positions. 
 Equity positions relate to private and public equity securities, which primarily include investments in corporate, real estate and infrastructure assets. Substantially all such equity positions are included within Asset Wealth Management. 
 Debt positions include mezzanine and senior debt, and corporate and real estate loans, substantially all of which are included within Asset Wealth Management. As of December 2023, debt positions also included approximately 3.0 billion of GreenSky loans and approximately 2.0 billion of GM co-branded credit card loans within Platform Solutions that were classified as held for sale. 
 Funded equity and debt positions are included in our consolidated balance sheets in investments and loans, and the related hedges are included in our consolidated balance sheets in derivatives. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about investments, Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about loans and Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about derivatives. 
 These measures do not reflect the diversification effect across asset categories or across other market risk measures. 

Credit and Funding Spread Sensitivity on Derivatives and Financial Liabilities. VaR excludes the impact of changes in counterparty credit spreads, our own credit spreads and unsecured funding spreads on derivatives, as well as changes in our own credit spreads (debt valuation adjustment) on financial liabilities for which the fair value option was elected. The estimated sensitivity to a one basis point increase in credit spreads (counterparty and our own) and unsecured funding spreads on derivatives (including hedges) was a loss of 2 million as of December 2023 and 1 million as of December 2022. In addition, the estimated sensitivity to a one basis point increase in our own credit spreads on financial liabilities for which the fair value option was elected was a gain of 42 million as of December 2023 and 37 million as of December 2022. However, the actual net impact of a change in our own credit spreads is also affected by the liquidity, duration and convexity (as the sensitivity is not linear to changes in yields) of those financial liabilities for which the fair value option was elected, as well as the relative performance of any hedges undertaken. 
 Earnings-at-Risk. The table below presents the impact of a parallel shift in rates on our net revenues and preferred stock dividends over the next 12 months relative to the baseline scenario. 
 As of December in millions 2023 2022 +100 basis points parallel shift in rates 225 104 -100 basis points parallel shift in rates (232) (104) +200 basis points parallel shift in rates 445 205 -200 basis points parallel shift in rates (475) (205) 
 In the table above, the EaR metric utilized various assumptions, including, among other things, balance sheet size and composition, prepayment behavior and deposit repricing, all of which have inherent uncertainties. The EaR metric does not represent a forecast of our net revenues and preferred stock dividends. We expect our EaR to be more sensitive to short-term interest rates than long-term rates. 
 Other Market Risk Considerations 
 We make investments in securities that are accounted for as available-for-sale, held-to-maturity or under the equity method which are included in investments in the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Direct investments in real estate are accounted for at cost less accumulated depreciation. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about other assets. 

108 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Financial Statement Linkages to Market Risk Measures 
 We employ a variety of risk measures, each described in the respective sections above, to monitor market risk across the consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of earnings. The related gains and losses on these positions are included in market making, other principal transactions, interest income and interest expense in the consolidated statements of earnings, and debt valuation adjustment and unrealized gains/(losses) on available-for-sale securities in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 The table below presents certain assets and liabilities accounted for at fair value or accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value in our consolidated balance sheets and the market risk measures used to assess those assets and liabilities. 
 Assets or Liabilities Market Risk Measures Collateralized agreements and financings 
 VaR Customer and other receivables 
 10 Sensitivity Measures 
 Trading assets and liabilities 
 VaR 
 Credit Spread Sensitivity 
 10 Sensitivity Measures 
 Investments 
 VaR 
 10 Sensitivity Measures 
 Loans 
 VaR 
 10 Sensitivity Measures 
 Other assets and liabilities VaR Deposits 
 VaR 
 Credit Spread Sensitivity 
 Unsecured borrowings 
 VaR 
 Credit Spread Sensitivity 
 
 In addition to the above, we measure the interest rate risk for all positions within our consolidated balance sheets using the EaR metric. 
 
 Credit Risk Management 
 Overview 
 Credit risk represents the potential for loss due to the default or deterioration in credit quality of a counterparty (e.g., an OTC derivatives counterparty or a borrower) or an issuer of securities or other instruments we hold. Our exposure to credit risk comes mostly from client transactions in OTC derivatives and loans and lending commitments. Credit risk also comes from cash placed with banks, securities financing transactions (i.e., resale and repurchase agreements and securities borrowing and lending activities) and customer and other receivables. 

Credit Risk, which is independent of our revenue-producing units and reports to our chief risk officer, has primary responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing our credit risk through firmwide oversight across our global businesses. In addition, we hold other positions that give rise to credit risk (e.g., bonds and secondary bank loans). These credit risks are captured as a component of market risk measures, which are monitored and managed by Market Risk. We also enter into derivatives to manage market risk exposures. Such derivatives also give rise to credit risk, which is monitored and managed by Credit Risk. 
 Credit Risk Management Process 
 Our process for managing credit risk includes the critical components of our risk management framework described in the Overview and Structure of Risk Management, as well as the following: 
 Monitoring compliance with established credit risk limits and reporting our credit exposures and credit concentrations; 
 Establishing or approving underwriting standards; 
 Assessing the likelihood that a counterparty will default on its payment obligations; 
 Measuring our current and potential credit exposure and losses resulting from a counterparty default; 
 Using credit risk mitigants, including collateral and hedging; and 
 Maximizing recovery through active workout and restructuring of claims. 
 We also perform credit analyses, which incorporate initial and ongoing evaluations of the capacity and willingness of a counterparty to meet its financial obligations. For substantially all of our credit exposures, the core of our process is an annual counterparty credit evaluation or more frequently if deemed necessary as a result of events or changes in circumstances. We determine an internal credit rating for the counterparty by considering the results of the credit evaluations and assumptions with respect to the nature of and outlook for the counterparty s industry and the economic environment. Beginning in the first quarter of 2023, we also take into consideration collateral received or other credit support arrangements when determining an internal credit rating for collateralized loans, as management believes that this methodology better reflects the credit quality of the underlying loans and lending commitments. Prior period amounts have been conformed to reflect the current methodology. Senior personnel, with expertise in specific industries, inspect and approve credit reviews and internal credit ratings. 
 Our risk assessment process may also include, where applicable, reviewing certain key metrics, including, but not limited to, delinquency status, collateral value, FICO credit scores and other risk factors. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 109 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Our credit risk management systems capture credit exposure to individual counterparties and on an aggregate basis to counterparties and their subsidiaries. These systems also provide management with comprehensive information about our aggregate credit risk by product, internal credit rating, industry, country and region. 
 Risk Measures 
 We measure our credit risk based on the potential loss in the event of non-payment by a counterparty using current and potential exposure. For derivatives and securities financing transactions, current exposure represents the amount presently owed to us after taking into account applicable netting and collateral arrangements, while potential exposure represents our estimate of the future exposure that could arise over the life of a transaction based on market movements within a specified confidence level. Potential exposure also takes into account netting and collateral arrangements. For loans and lending commitments, the primary measure is a function of the notional amount of the position. 
 Stress Tests 
 We conduct regular stress tests to calculate the credit exposures, including potential concentrations that would result from applying shocks to counterparty credit ratings or credit risk factors (e.g., currency rates, interest rates, equity prices). These shocks cover a wide range of moderate and more extreme market movements, including shocks to multiple risk factors, consistent with the occurrence of a severe market or economic event. In the case of sovereign default, we estimate the direct impact of the default on our sovereign credit exposures, changes to our credit exposures arising from potential market moves in response to the default, and the impact of credit market deterioration on corporate borrowers and counterparties that may result from the sovereign default. Unlike potential exposure, which is calculated within a specified confidence level, stress testing does not generally assume a probability of these events occurring. We also perform firmwide stress tests. See Overview and Structure of Risk Management for information about firmwide stress tests. 
 To supplement these regular stress tests, as described above, we also conduct tailored stress tests on an ad hoc basis in response to specific market events that we deem significant. We also utilize these stress tests to estimate the indirect impact of certain hypothetical events on our country exposures, such as the impact of credit market deterioration on corporate borrowers and counterparties along with the shocks to the risk factors described above. The parameters of these shocks vary based on the scenario reflected in each stress test. We review estimated losses produced by the stress tests in order to understand their magnitude, highlight potential loss concentrations, and assess and seek to mitigate our exposures, where necessary. 

Limits 
 We use credit risk limits at various levels, as well as underwriting standards to manage the size and nature of our credit exposures. Limits for industries and countries are based on our risk appetite and are designed to allow for regular monitoring, review, escalation and management of credit risk concentrations. See Overview and Structure of Risk Management for information about the limit approval process. 
 Credit Risk is responsible for monitoring these limits, and identifying and escalating to senior management and/or the appropriate risk committee, on a timely basis, instances where limits have been exceeded. 
 Risk Mitigants 
 To reduce our credit exposures on derivatives and securities financing transactions, we may enter into netting agreements with counterparties that permit us to offset receivables and payables with such counterparties. We may also reduce credit risk with counterparties by entering into agreements that enable us to obtain collateral from them on an upfront or contingent basis and/or to terminate transactions if the counterparty s credit rating falls below a specified level. We monitor the fair value of the collateral to ensure that our credit exposures are appropriately collateralized. We seek to minimize exposures where there is a significant positive correlation between the creditworthiness of our counterparties and the market value of collateral we receive. 
 For loans and lending commitments, depending on the credit quality of the borrower and other characteristics of the transaction, we employ a variety of potential risk mitigants. Risk mitigants include collateral provisions, guarantees, covenants, structural seniority of the bank loan claims and, for certain lending commitments, provisions in the legal documentation that allow us to adjust loan amounts, pricing, structure and other terms as market conditions change. The type and structure of risk mitigants employed can significantly influence the degree of credit risk involved in a loan or lending commitment. 
 When we do not have sufficient visibility into a counterparty s financial strength or when we believe a counterparty requires support from its parent, we may obtain third-party guarantees of the counterparty s obligations. We may also seek to mitigate our credit risk using credit derivatives or participation agreements. 

110 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Credit Exposures 
 As of December 2023, our aggregate credit exposure increased slightly compared with December 2022, primarily reflecting increases in loans and lending commitments and securities financing transactions, partially offset by a decrease in OTC derivatives. The percentage of our credit exposures arising from non-investment-grade counterparties (based on our internally determined public rating agency equivalents) decreased compared with December 2022, primarily reflecting decreases in non-investment-grade credit exposure related to loans and lending commitments and receivables from clearing organizations. Our credit exposures are described further below. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents. Our credit exposure on cash and cash equivalents arises from our unrestricted cash, and includes both interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing deposits. We seek to mitigate the risk of credit loss, by placing substantially all of our deposits with highly rated banks and central banks. 
 The table below presents our credit exposure from unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, and the concentration by industry, region and internally determined public rating agency equivalents. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Cash and Cash Equivalents 224,493 224,889 Industry 
 Financial Institutions 9 6 Sovereign 91 94 Total 100 100 Region 
 Americas 50 77 EMEA 34 19 Asia 16 4 Total 100 100 Credit Quality (Credit Rating Equivalent) 
 AAA 65 89 AA 15 5 A 20 6 Total 100 100 
 The table above excludes cash segregated for regulatory and other purposes of 17.08 billion as of December 2023 and 16.94 billion as of December 2022. 
 OTC Derivatives. Our credit exposure on OTC derivatives arises primarily from our market-making activities. As a market maker, we enter into derivative transactions to provide liquidity to clients and to facilitate the transfer and hedging of their risks. We also enter into derivatives to manage market risk exposures. We manage our credit exposure on OTC derivatives using the credit risk process, measures, limits and risk mitigants described above. 

We generally enter into OTC derivatives transactions under bilateral collateral arrangements that require the daily exchange of collateral. As credit risk is an essential component of fair value, we include a credit valuation adjustment (CVA) in the fair value of derivatives to reflect counterparty credit risk, as described in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. CVA is a function of the present value of expected exposure, the probability of counterparty default and the assumed recovery upon default. 
 The table below presents our net credit exposure from OTC derivatives and the concentration by industry and region. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 OTC derivative assets 42,950 53,399 Collateral (not netted under U.S. GAAP) (14,420) (15,823) Net credit exposure 28,530 37,576 Industry 
 Consumer Retail 3 3 Diversified Industrials 11 8 Financial Institutions 21 20 Funds 20 19 Healthcare 2 1 Municipalities Nonprofit 4 2 Natural Resources Utilities 17 34 Sovereign 14 7 Technology, Media Telecommunications 6 4 Other (including Special Purpose Vehicles) 2 2 Total 100 100 Region 
 Americas 48 49 EMEA 45 43 Asia 7 8 Total 100 100 
 Our credit exposure (before any potential recoveries) to OTC derivative counterparties that defaulted during 2023 remained low, representing less than 2 of our total credit exposure from OTC derivatives. 
 In the table above: 
 OTC derivative assets, included in the consolidated balance sheets, are reported on a net-by-counterparty basis (i.e., the net receivable for a given counterparty) when a legal right of setoff exists under an enforceable netting agreement (counterparty netting) and are accounted for at fair value, net of cash collateral received under enforceable credit support agreements (cash collateral netting). 
 Collateral represents cash collateral and the fair value of securities collateral, primarily U.S. and non-U.S. government and agency obligations, received under credit support agreements, that we consider when determining credit risk, but such collateral is not eligible for netting under U.S. GAAP. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 111 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 The table below presents the distribution of our net credit exposure from OTC derivatives by tenor. 
 in millions Investment- Grade Non-Investment- Grade / Unrated Total As of December 2023 Less than 1 year 19,314 7,700 27,014 1 5 years 19,673 6,331 26,004 Greater than 5 years 51,944 3,999 55,943 Total 90,931 18,030 108,961 Netting (72,412) (8,019) (80,431) Net credit exposure 18,519 10,011 28,530 As of December 2022 Less than 1 year 23,112 8,812 31,924 1 5 years 26,627 8,355 34,982 Greater than 5 years 58,354 4,342 62,696 Total 108,093 21,509 129,602 Netting (83,531) (8,495) (92,026) Net credit exposure 24,562 13,014 37,576 
 In the table above: 
 Tenor is based on remaining contractual maturity. 
 Netting includes counterparty netting across tenor categories and collateral that we consider when determining credit risk (including collateral that is not eligible for netting under U.S. GAAP). Counterparty netting within the same tenor category is included within such tenor category. 
 The tables below present the distribution of our net credit exposure from OTC derivatives by tenor and internally determined public rating agency equivalents. 
 Investment-Grade in millions AAA AA A BBB Total As of December 2023 Less than 1 year 583 4,383 7,718 6,630 19,314 1 5 years 1,226 4,850 6,755 6,842 19,673 Greater than 5 years 5,963 13,417 15,507 17,057 51,944 Total 7,772 22,650 29,980 30,529 90,931 Netting (5,308) (18,364) (25,470) (23,270) (72,412) Net credit exposure 2,464 4,286 4,510 7,259 18,519 As of December 2022 Less than 1 year 521 2,113 10,516 9,962 23,112 1 5 years 1,684 5,383 9,057 10,503 26,627 Greater than 5 years 5,594 16,063 21,060 15,637 58,354 Total 7,799 23,559 40,633 36,102 108,093 Netting (5,025) (20,582) (31,956) (25,968) (83,531) Net credit exposure 2,774 2,977 8,677 10,134 24,562 Non-Investment-Grade / Unrated in millions BB Unrated Total As of December 2023 Less than 1 year 7,274 426 7,700 1 5 years 6,244 87 6,331 Greater than 5 years 3,887 112 3,999 Total 17,405 625 18,030 Netting (7,975) (44) (8,019) Net credit exposure 9,430 581 10,011 As of December 2022 Less than 1 year 8,245 567 8,812 1 5 years 8,150 205 8,355 Greater than 5 years 4,232 110 4,342 Total 20,627 882 21,509 Netting (8,436) (59) (8,495) Net credit exposure 12,191 823 13,014 

Lending Activities. We manage our lending activities using the credit risk process, measures, limits and risk mitigants described above. Other lending positions, including secondary trading positions, are risk-managed as a component of market risk. As described above, beginning in the first quarter of 2023, we take into consideration collateral received or other credit support arrangements when determining an internal credit rating for collateralized loans. Prior period amounts have been conformed to reflect the current methodology. The impact to December 2022 was to increase loans and lending commitments classified as investment-grade and decrease loans and lending commitments classified as non-investment-grade by 29.6 billion (loans of 25.0 billion and lending commitments of 4.6 billion). The impact of this change was in real estate (warehouse loans) and other collateralized loans and lending commitments. 
 The table below presents our loans and lending commitments. 
 in millions Loans Lending Commitments Total As of December 2023 Corporate 35,874 144,463 180,337 Commercial real estate 26,028 3,440 29,468 Residential real estate 25,388 1,471 26,859 Securities-based 
 14,621 691 15,312 Other collateralized 
 62,225 23,731 85,956 Consumer: Installment 3,298 2,250 5,548 Credit cards 19,361 70,824 90,185 Other 1,613 888 2,501 Total 188,408 247,758 436,166 Allowance for loan losses 
 (5,050) (620) (5,670) As of December 2022 Corporate 40,135 139,718 179,853 Commercial real estate 28,879 4,271 33,150 Residential real estate 23,035 3,192 26,227 Securities-based 16,671 508 17,179 Other collateralized 51,702 14,407 66,109 Consumer: Installment 6,326 1,882 8,208 Credit cards 15,820 62,216 78,036 Other 2,261 944 3,205 Total 184,829 227,138 411,967 Allowance for loan losses 
 (5,543) (774) (6,317) 
 In the table above, lending commitments excluded 5.81 billion as of December 2023 and 4.85 billion as of December 2022 related to issued letters of credit which are classified as guarantees in our consolidated financial statements. See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about guarantees. 
 See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for information about net charge-offs on wholesale and consumer loans, as well as past due and nonaccrual loans accounted for at amortized cost. 

112 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Corporate. Corporate loans and lending commitments include term loans, revolving lines of credit, letter of credit facilities and bridge loans, and are principally used for operating and general corporate purposes, or in connection with acquisitions. Corporate loans are secured (typically by a senior lien on the assets of the borrower) or unsecured, depending on the loan purpose, the risk profile of the borrower and other factors. 
 The table below presents our credit exposure from corporate loans and lending commitments, and the concentration by industry, region, internally determined public rating agency equivalents and other credit metrics. 
 in millions Loans Lending Commitments Total As of December 2023 Corporate 35,874 144,463 180,337 Industry 
 Consumer Retail 11 13 12 Diversified Industrials 17 20 20 Financial Institutions 8 9 9 Funds 4 3 3 Healthcare 9 11 10 Natural Resources Utilities 8 18 16 Real Estate 13 5 7 Technology, Media Telecommunications 25 20 21 Other (including Special Purpose Vehicles) 5 1 2 Total 100 100 100 Region 
 Americas 63 77 74 EMEA 29 22 23 Asia 8 1 3 Total 100 100 100 Credit Quality (Credit Rating Equivalent) 
 AAA 1 1 AA 1 5 4 A 5 20 17 BBB 20 41 37 BB or lower 74 33 41 Total 100 100 100 As of December 2022 Corporate 40,135 139,718 179,853 Industry 
 Consumer Retail 10 13 12 Diversified Industrials 18 18 18 Financial Institutions 7 8 8 Funds 3 4 4 Healthcare 10 12 12 Natural Resources Utilities 9 18 16 Real Estate 11 5 7 Technology, Media Telecommunications 26 20 21 Other (including Special Purpose Vehicles) 6 2 2 Total 100 100 100 Region 
 Americas 57 77 73 EMEA 34 21 24 Asia 9 2 3 Total 100 100 100 Credit Quality (Credit Rating Equivalent) 
 AAA 2 1 AA 1 5 4 A 5 21 18 BBB 19 38 34 BB or lower 75 34 43 Total 100 100 100 

Commercial Real Estate. Commercial real estate includes originated loans and lending commitments that are directly or indirectly secured by hotels, retail stores, multifamily housing complexes and commercial and industrial properties. Commercial real estate also includes loans and lending commitments extended to clients who warehouse assets that are directly or indirectly backed by commercial real estate. In addition, commercial real estate includes loans purchased by us. 
 The table below presents our credit exposure from commercial real estate loans and lending commitments, and the concentration by region, internally determined public rating agency equivalents and other credit metrics. 
 in millions Loans Lending Commitments Total As of December 2023 Commercial Real Estate 26,028 3,440 29,468 Region 
 Americas 80 74 79 EMEA 17 25 18 Asia 3 1 3 Total 100 100 100 Credit Quality (Credit Rating Equivalent) 
 Investment-grade 47 46 47 Non-investment-grade 52 54 52 Unrated 1 1 Total 100 100 100 As of December 2022 Commercial Real Estate 28,879 4,271 33,150 Region 
 Americas 79 74 78 EMEA 16 17 16 Asia 5 9 6 Total 100 100 100 Credit Quality (Credit Rating Equivalent) 
 Investment-grade 42 35 41 Non-investment-grade 58 64 59 Unrated 
 1 Total 100 100 100 
 In the table above: 
 The concentration of loans and lending commitments by asset class as of December 2023 was 42 for warehouse and other indirect, 13 for multifamily, 12 for industrials, 7 for office, 7 for hospitality, 7 for mixed use and 12 for other asset classes. 
 The net charge-off ratio for commercial real estate loans was 0.7 for 2023. The net charge-off ratio is calculated by dividing net charge-offs by average gross loans accounted for at amortized cost. 
 In addition, we also have credit exposure to commercial real estate loans held for securitization of 119 million as of both December 2023 and December 2022. Such loans are included in trading assets in our consolidated balance sheets. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 113 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Residential Real Estate. Residential real estate loans and lending commitments are primarily extended to wealth management clients and to clients who warehouse assets that are directly or indirectly secured by residential real estate. In addition, residential real estate includes loans purchased by us. 
 Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023, we began to assess the credit quality of all U.S. residential mortgage loans extended to wealth management clients using FICO credit scores, loan-to-value ratios and delinquency, instead of an internal credit rating, as we believe that these metrics better reflect the credit quality of such loans. In the table below, prior period amounts have been conformed to reflect the current methodology. The impact to residential real estate loans as of December 2022 was a decrease in loans and lending commitments classified as investment-grade of 2.5 billion (loans of 2.5 billion and lending commitments of 7 million), a decrease in loans and lending commitments classified as non-investment-grade of 2.9 billion (loans of 2.7 billion and lending commitments of 208 million) and an increase in other metrics of 5.4 billion (loans of 5.2 billion and lending commitments of 215 million). 
 The table below presents our credit exposure from residential real estate loans and lending commitments, and the concentration by region, internally determined public rating agency equivalents and other credit metrics. 
 in millions Loans Lending Commitments Total As of December 2023 Residential Real Estate 25,388 1,471 26,859 Region 
 Americas 95 93 95 EMEA 4 7 4 Asia 1 1 Total 100 100 100 Credit Quality (Credit Rating Equivalent) 
 Investment-grade 42 56 43 Non-investment-grade 13 25 13 Other metrics 
 45 16 43 Unrated 3 1 Total 100 100 100 As of December 2022 Residential Real Estate 23,035 3,192 26,227 Region 
 Americas 96 93 95 EMEA 3 7 4 Asia 1 1 Total 100 100 100 Credit Quality (Credit Rating Equivalent) 
 Investment-grade 41 63 44 Non-investment-grade 13 29 15 Other metrics 
 46 8 41 Total 100 100 100 

In the table above: 
 Credit exposure included loans and lending commitments of 14.45 billion as of December 2023 and 14.62 billion as of December 2022 which are extended to clients who warehouse assets that are directly or indirectly secured by residential real estate. 
 Substantially all residential real estate loans included in the other metrics category consists of loans extended to wealth management clients. As of both December 2023 and December 2022, substantially all of such loans had a loan-to-value ratio of less than 80 and were performing in accordance with the contractual terms. Additionally, as of both December 2023 and December 2022, the vast majority of such loans had a FICO credit score of greater than 740. 
 In addition, we also have credit exposure to residential real estate loans held for securitization of 7.65 billion as of December 2023 and 8.07 billion as of December 2022. Such loans are included in trading assets in our consolidated balance sheets. 

114 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Securities-Based. Securities-based includes loans and lending commitments that are secured by stocks, bonds, mutual funds, and exchange-traded funds. These loans and commitments are primarily extended to our wealth management clients and used for purposes other than purchasing, carrying or trading margin stocks. Securities-based loans require borrowers to post additional collateral based on changes in the underlying collateral s fair value. 
 The table below presents our credit exposure from securities-based loans and lending commitments, and the concentration by region, internally determined public rating agency equivalents and other credit metrics. 
 in millions Loans Lending Commitments Total As of December 2023 Securities-based 
 14,621 691 15,312 Region 
 Americas 79 98 80 EMEA 20 2 19 Asia 1 1 Total 100 100 100 Credit Quality (Credit Rating Equivalent) 
 Investment-grade 75 25 73 Non-investment-grade 4 2 4 Other metrics 21 73 23 Total 100 100 100 As of December 2022 Securities-based 16,671 508 17,179 Region 
 Americas 83 98 83 EMEA 15 2 15 Asia 2 2 Total 100 100 100 Credit Quality (Credit Rating Equivalent) 
 Investment-grade 77 18 76 Non-investment-grade 5 2 4 Other metrics 
 18 80 20 Total 100 100 100 
 In the table above, substantially all securities-based loans included in the other metrics category had a loan-to-value ratio of less than 80 and were performing in accordance with the contractual terms as of both December 2023 and December 2022. 

Other Collateralized. Other collateralized includes loans and lending commitments that are backed by specific collateral (other than securities and real estate). Such loans and lending commitments are extended to clients who warehouse assets that are directly or indirectly secured by corporate loans, consumer loans and other assets. Other collateralized also includes loans and lending commitments to investment funds (managed by third parties) that are collateralized by capital commitments of the funds investors or assets held by the fund, as well as other secured loans and lending commitments extended to our wealth management clients. 
 The table below presents our credit exposure from other collateralized loans and lending commitments, and the concentration by region, internally determined public rating agency equivalents and other credit metrics. 
 in millions Loans Lending Commitments Total As of December 2023 Other Collateralized 
 62,225 23,731 85,956 Region 
 Americas 89 94 90 EMEA 10 5 9 Asia 1 1 1 Total 100 100 100 Credit Quality (Credit Rating Equivalent) 
 Investment-grade 78 80 79 Non-investment-grade 21 18 20 Unrated 
 1 2 1 Total 100 100 100 As of December 2022 Other Collateralized 
 51,702 14,407 66,109 Region 
 Americas 86 93 87 EMEA 12 7 11 Asia 2 2 Total 100 100 100 Credit Quality (Credit Rating Equivalent) 
 Investment-grade 83 83 83 Non-investment-grade 16 14 16 Other metrics 
 1 Unrated 
 3 1 Total 100 100 100 
 In the table above, credit exposure included loans and lending commitments extended to clients who warehouse assets of 21.78 billion as of December 2023 and 16.89 billion as of December 2022. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 115 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Installment and Credit Cards. We originate unsecured installment loans and credit card loans (pursuant to revolving lines of credit) to consumers in the Americas. The credit card lines are cancellable by us and therefore do not result in credit exposure. 
 The tables below present our credit exposure from originated installment and credit card funded loans, and the concentration by the five most concentrated U.S. states. 
 in millions Installment 
 As of December 2023 Loans, gross 
 3,298 California 8 Texas 8 Florida 7 New York 5 New Jersey 5 Other 67 Total 100 As of December 2022 Loans, gross 
 6,326 California 10 Texas 9 Florida 7 New York 6 Illinois 4 Other 64 Total 100 
 in millions Credit Cards 
 As of December 2023 Loans, gross 
 19,361 California 17 Texas 9 Florida 8 New York 8 Illinois 4 Other 54 Total 100 As of December 2022 
 Loans, gross 
 15,820 California 16 Texas 9 New York 8 Florida 8 Illinois 4 Other 55 Total 100 
 In addition, we had credit exposure of 2.25 billion as of December 2023 and 1.88 billion as of December 2022 related to our commitments to provide unsecured installment loans to consumers. 
 See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the credit quality indicators of installment and credit card loans. 

Other. Other includes unsecured loans extended to wealth management clients and unsecured consumer and credit card loans purchased by us. 
 The table below presents our credit exposure from other loans and lending commitments, and the concentration by region, internally determined public rating agency equivalents and other credit metrics. 
 in millions Loans Lending Commitments Total As of December 2023 Other 1,613 888 2,501 Region 
 Americas 97 100 98 EMEA 3 2 Total 100 100 100 Credit Quality (Credit Rating Equivalent) 
 Investment-grade 61 87 70 Non-investment-grade 9 13 11 Other metrics 
 30 19 Total 100 100 100 As of December 2022 Other 2,261 944 3,205 Region 
 Americas 89 99 92 EMEA 11 1 8 Total 100 100 100 Credit Quality (Credit Rating Equivalent) 
 Investment-grade 47 93 60 Non-investment-grade 26 7 21 Other metrics 
 27 19 Total 100 100 100 
 In the table above, other metrics primarily includes consumer and credit card loans purchased by us. Our risk assessment process for such loans includes reviewing certain key metrics, such as expected cash flows, delinquency status and other risk factors. 
 In addition, we also have credit exposure to other loans held for securitization of 1.22 billion as of December 2023 and 1.76 billion as of December 2022. Such loans are included in trading assets in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Credit Hedges. We seek to mitigate the credit risk associated with our lending activities by obtaining credit protection on certain loans and lending commitments through credit default swaps, both single-name and index-based contracts, and through the issuance of credit-linked notes. 

116 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Securities Financing Transactions. We enter into securities financing transactions in order to, among other things, facilitate client activities, invest excess cash, acquire securities to cover short positions and finance certain activities. We bear credit risk related to resale agreements and securities borrowed only to the extent that cash advanced or the value of securities pledged or delivered to the counterparty exceeds the value of the collateral received. We also have credit exposure on repurchase agreements and securities loaned to the extent that the value of securities pledged or delivered to the counterparty for these transactions exceeds the amount of cash or collateral received. Securities collateral for these transactions primarily includes U.S. and non-U.S. government and agency obligations. 
 The table below presents our credit exposure from securities financing transactions and the concentration by industry, region and internally determined public rating agency equivalents. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Securities Financing Transactions 40,201 34,762 Industry 
 Financial Institutions 30 43 Funds 33 23 Municipalities Nonprofit 7 5 Sovereign 29 28 Other (including Special Purpose Vehicles) 1 1 Total 100 100 Region 
 Americas 45 47 EMEA 38 34 Asia 17 19 Total 100 100 Credit Quality (Credit Rating Equivalent) 
 AAA 14 20 AA 31 31 A 38 31 BBB 7 8 BB or lower 10 10 Total 100 100 
 The table above reflects both netting agreements and collateral that we consider when determining credit risk. 

Other Credit Exposures. We are exposed to credit risk from our receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations and customers and counterparties. Receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations primarily consist of initial margin placed with clearing organizations and receivables related to sales of securities which have traded, but not yet settled. These receivables generally have minimal credit risk due to the low probability of clearing organization default and the short-term nature of receivables related to securities settlements. Receivables from customers and counterparties generally consist of collateralized receivables related to customer securities transactions and generally have minimal credit risk due to both the value of the collateral received and the short-term nature of these receivables. 
 The table below presents our other credit exposures and the concentration by industry, region and internally determined public rating agency equivalents. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Other Credit Exposures 50,820 48,916 Industry 
 Financial Institutions 80 80 Funds 13 12 Other (including Special Purpose Vehicles) 7 8 Total 100 100 Region 
 Americas 35 41 EMEA 54 49 Asia 11 10 Total 100 100 Credit Quality (Credit Rating Equivalent) 
 AAA 2 7 AA 57 32 A 26 33 BBB 6 10 BB or lower 8 16 Unrated 1 2 Total 100 100 
 The table above reflects collateral that we consider when determining credit risk. 
 Selected Exposures 
 We have credit and market exposures, as described below, that have had heightened focus given recent events and broad market concerns. Credit exposure represents the potential for loss due to the default or deterioration in credit quality of a counterparty or borrower. Market exposure represents the potential for loss in value of our long and short positions due to changes in market prices. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 117 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Country Exposures. The Russian invasion of Ukraine has negatively affected the global economy and increased macroeconomic uncertainty. We have significantly reduced our exposure to Russia and Ukraine and have substantially completed the wind down of our operations in Russia, which are now limited to those necessary to meet our remaining legal and regulatory obligations. The overall direct financial impact to our net revenues for 2023 from Russian and Ukrainian counterparties, borrowers, issuers and related instruments was not material. Our total credit exposure to Russian or Ukrainian counterparties or borrowers and our total market exposure relating to Russian or Ukrainian issuers was not material as of December 2023. See Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for further information about our risks related to Russia s invasion of Ukraine. 
 Economic challenges persist for the Argentine government given uncertainty relating to its fiscal and economic policies. As of December 2023 , our total credit exposure to Argentina was not material. Our total market exposure to Argentina as of December 2023 was 157 million, primarily to sovereign issuers. Such exposure consisted of 55 million related to debt, 32 million related to credit derivatives and 70 million related to equities. 
 In addition, economic and/or political unc ertainties in Ethiopia, Lebanon, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Venezuela have led to concerns about their financial stability. Our credit exposure to counterparties or borrowers and our market exposure to issuers relating to each of these countries was not material as of December 2023. 
 We have a comprehensive framework to monitor, measure and assess our country exposures and to determine our risk appetite. We determine the country of risk by the location of the counterparty, issuer s assets, where they generate revenue, the country in which they are headquartered, the jurisdiction where a claim against them could be enforced, and/or the government whose policies affect their ability to repay their obligations. We monitor our credit exposure to a specific country both at the individual counterparty level, as well as at the aggregate country level. See Stress Tests for information about stress tests that are designed to estimate the direct and indirect impact of events involving the above countries. 

Operational Risk Management 
 Overview 
 Operational risk is the risk of an adverse outcome resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, systems or from external events. Our exposure to operational risk arises from routine processing errors, as well as extraordinary incidents, such as major systems failures or legal and regulatory matters. 
 Potential types of loss events related to internal and external operational risk include: 
 Execution, delivery and process management; 
 Business disruption and system failures; 
 Employment practices and workplace safety; 
 Clients, products and business practices; 
 Damage to physical assets; 
 Internal fraud; and 
 External fraud. 
 Operational Risk, which is independent of our revenue-producing units and reports to our chief risk officer, has primary responsibility for developing and implementing a formalized framework for assessing, monitoring and managing operational risk with the goal of maintaining our exposure to operational risk at levels that are within our risk appetite. 
 Operational Risk Management Process 
 Our process for managing operational risk includes the critical components of our risk management framework described in the Overview and Structure of Risk Management, including a comprehensive data collection process, as well as firmwide policies and procedures, for operational risk events. 
 We combine top-down and bottom-up approaches to manage and measure operational risk. From a top-down perspective, our senior management assesses firmwide and business-level operational risk profiles. From a bottom-up perspective, our first and second lines of defense are responsible for risk identification and risk management on a day-to-day basis, including escalating operational risks and risk events to senior management. 

118 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 We seek to maintain a comprehensive control framework designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks. The Firmwide Operational Risk and Resilience Committee is responsible for overseeing operational risk and the operational resilience of our business. 
 Our operational risk management framework is designed to comply with the operational risk measurement rules under the Capital Framework and has evolved based on the changing needs of our businesses and regulatory guidance. 
 We have established policies that require all employees and consultants to report and escalate operational risk events. When operational risk events are identified, our policies require that the events be documented and analyzed to determine whether changes are required in our systems and/or processes to further mitigate the risk of future events. 
 We use operational risk management applications to capture, analyze, aggregate and report operational risk event data and key metrics. One of our key risk identification and control assessment tools is an operational risk and control self-assessment process, which is performed by our managers. This process consists of the identification and rating of operational risks, on a forward-looking basis, and the related controls. The results from this process are analyzed to evaluate operational risk exposures and identify businesses, activities or products with heightened levels of operational risk. 
 Risk Measurement 
 We measure our operational risk exposure using both statistical modeling and scenario analyses, which involve qualitative and quantitative assessments of internal and external operational risk event data and internal control factors for each of our businesses. Operational risk measurement also incorporates an assessment of business environment factors, including: 
 Evaluations of the complexity of our business activities; 
 The degree of automation in our processes; 
 New activity information; 
 The legal and regulatory environment; and 
 Changes in the markets for our products and services, including the diversity and sophistication of our customers and counterparties. 
 The results from these scenario analyses are used to monitor changes in operational risk and to determine business lines that may have heightened exposure to operational risk. These analyses are used in the determination of the appropriate level of operational risk capital to hold. We also perform firmwide stress tests. See Overview and Structure of Risk Management for information about firmwide stress tests. 

Types of Operational Risks 
 Increased reliance on technology and third-party relationships has resulted in increased operational risks, such as third-party risk, business resilience risk and cybersecurity risk. See "Cybersecurity Risk Management" for information about our cybersecurity risk management process. We manage third-party and business resilience risks as follows: 
 Third-Party Risk. Third-party risk, including vendor risk, is the risk of an adverse impact due to reliance on third parties performing services or activities on our behalf. These risks may include legal, regulatory, information security, cybersecurity, reputational, operational or other risks inherent in engaging a third party. We identify, manage and report key third-party risks and conduct due diligence across multiple risk domains, including information security and cybersecurity, resilience and additional supply chain dependencies. We evaluate whether vendors design, implement, and maintain information security controls consistent with our security policies and standards. Vendors that access and process our information on their infrastructure external to our network are required to undergo an initial risk assessment, resulting in the assignment of a vendor inherent risk rating that is determined based on a number of factors, including the type of data stored and processed by a particular vendor. Subsequently, we conduct re-certifications at a depth and frequency that is commensurate with each vendor s inherent risk rating as a component of our risk-based approach to vendor oversight. Vendors are required to agree to standard contractual provisions before receiving sensitive information from us. These provisions have specific information security control requirements, which apply to vendors that store, access, transmit or otherwise process sensitive information on our behalf. The Third-Party Risk Program monitors, reviews and reassesses third-party risks on an ongoing basis. See Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for further information about third-party risk. 
 Business Resilience Risk. Business resilience risk is the risk of disruption to our critical processes. We monitor threats and assess risks and seek to ensure our state of readiness in the event of a significant operational disruption to the normal operations of our critical functions or their dependencies, such as critical facilities, systems, third parties, data and/or personnel. Our resilience framework defines the fundamental principles for BCP and crisis management to ensure that critical functions can continue to operate in the event of a disruption. We seek to maintain a business continuity program that is comprehensive, consistent on a firmwide basis, and up-to-date, incorporating new information, including resilience capabilities. Our resilience assurance program encompasses testing of response and recovery strategies on a regular basis with the objective of minimizing and preventing significant operational disruptions. See Business Business Continuity and Information Security in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K for further information about business continuity. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 119 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Cybersecurity Risk Management 
 Overview 
 Cybersecurity risk is the risk of compromising the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our data and systems, leading to an adverse impact to us, our reputation, our clients and/or the broader financial system. We seek to minimize the occurrence and impact of unauthorized access, disruption or use of information and/or information systems. We deploy and operate preventive and detective controls and processes to mitigate emerging and evolving information security and cybersecurity threats, including monitoring our network for known vulnerabilities and signs of unauthorized attempts to access our data and systems. There is increased information risk through diversification of our data across external service providers, including use of a variety of cloud-provided or -hosted services and applications. In addition, new AI technologies may increase the frequency and severity of cybersecurity attacks. See Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for further information about information and cybersecurity risk. 
 Cybersecurity Risk Management Process 
 Our cybersecurity risk management processes are integrated into our overall risk management processes described in the Overview and Structure of Risk Management. We have established an Information Security and Cybersecurity Program (the Cybersecurity Program), administered by Technology Risk within Engineering, and overseen by our CISO. This program is designed to identify, assess, document and mitigate threats, establish and evaluate compliance with information security mandates, adopt and apply our security control framework, and prevent, detect and respond to security incidents. The Cybersecurity Program is periodically reviewed and modified to respond to changing threats and conditions. A dedicated Operational Risk team, which reports to the chief risk officer, provides oversight and challenge of the Cybersecurity Program, independent of Technology Risk, and assesses the operating effectiveness of the program against industry standard frameworks and Board risk appetite-approved operational risk limits and thresholds. 

Our process for managing cybersecurity risk includes the critical components of our risk management framework described in the Overview and Structure of Risk Management, as well as the following: 
 Training and education, to enable our people to recognize information and cybersecurity concerns and respond accordingly; 
 Identity and access management, including entitlement management and production access; 
 Application and software security, including software change management, open source software, and backup and restoration; 
 Infrastructure security, including monitoring our network for known vulnerabilities and signs of unauthorized attempts to access our data and systems; 
 Mobile security, including mobile applications; 
 Data security, including cryptography and encryption, database security, data erasure and media disposal; 
 Cloud computing, including governance and security of cloud applications, and software-as-a-service data onboarding; 
 Technology operations, including change management, incident management, capacity and resilience; and 
 Third-party risk management, including vendor management and governance, and cybersecurity and business resiliency on vendor assessments. 
 In conjunction with third-party vendors and consultants, we perform risk assessments to gauge the performance of the Cybersecurity Program, to estimate our risk profile and to assess compliance with relevant regulatory requirements. We perform periodic assessments of control efficacy through our internal risk and control self-assessment process, as well as a variety of external technical assessments, including external penetration tests and red team engagements where third parties test our defenses. The results of these risk assessments, together with control performance findings, are used to establish priorities, allocate resources, and identify and improve controls. We use third parties, such as outside forensics firms, to augment our cyber incident response capabilities. We have a vendor management program that documents a risk-based framework for managing third-party vendor relationships. Information security risk management is built into our vendor management process, which covers vendor selection, onboarding, performance monitoring and risk management. See Third-Party Risk for further information about vendor risk. 

120 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 During 2023, we did not identify any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. Technology Risk monitors cybersecurity threats and risks from information security and cybersecurity matters on an ongoing basis, and allocates resources and directs operations in a manner designed to mitigate those risks. For example, in response to the proliferation of ransomware attacks reported globally over the past year, we have emphasized phishing training for our employees and allocated additional resources for business continuity. However, despite these efforts, we cannot eliminate all cybersecurity risks or provide assurances that we have not had occurrences of undetected cybersecurity incidents. 
 Governance 
 The Board, both directly and through its committees, including its Risk and Audit Committees, oversees our risk management policies and practices, including cybersecurity risks, and information security and cybersecurity matters. Our chief risk officer, chief information officer and chief technology officer, among others, periodically brief the Board on operational and technology risks, including cybersecurity risks, that we face. The Board also receives regular briefings from our CISO on a range of cybersecurity-related topics, including the status of our Cybersecurity Program, emerging cybersecurity threats, mitigation strategies and related regulatory engagements. In addition, these are topics on which various directors maintain an ongoing dialogue with our CISO, chief information officer and chief technology officer. 
 Our CISO is responsible for managing and implementing the Cybersecurity Program and reports directly to our chief information officer. Our CISO oversees our Technology Risk team, which assesses and manages material risks from cybersecurity threats, sets firmwide control requirements, assesses adherence to controls, and oversees incident detection and response. 
 In addition, we have a series of committees that oversee the implementation of our cybersecurity risk management strategy and framework. These committees are informed about cybersecurity incidents and risks by designated members of Technology Risk and Operational Risk, who periodically report to these committees about the Cybersecurity Program, including the efforts of the Technology Risk and Operational Risk teams to prevent, detect, mitigate and remediate incidents and threats. These committees enable formal escalation and reporting of risks, and our CISO and other members of Technology Risk provide regular briefings to these committees. 

The following are the primary committees and steering groups that oversee our Cybersecurity Program: 
 The Firmwide Operational Risk and Resilience Committee. See Overview and Structure of Risk Management for further information about this committee. 
 The Firmwide Technology Risk Committee reviews matters related to the design, development, deployment and use of technology. This committee oversees cybersecurity matters, as well as technology risk management frameworks and methodologies, and monitors their effectiveness. This committee is chaired by our chief technology officer and reports to the Firmwide Operational Risk and Resilience Committee. 
 The Engineering Risk Steering Group oversees Engineering risk decisions, monitors control performance and reviews approaches to comply with current and emerging regulation applicable to Engineering. This committee is chaired by our CISO (who also serves on the Firmwide Technology Risk Committee) and reports to the Firmwide Technology Risk Committee. 
 Our CISO, senior management within Technology Risk and Operational Risk, as well as management personnel overseeing the Cybersecurity Program, all have substantial relevant expertise in the areas of information security and cybersecurity risk management. 
 
 Model Risk Management 
 Overview 
 Model risk is the potential for adverse consequences from decisions made based on model outputs that may be incorrect or used inappropriately. We rely on quantitative models across our business activities primarily to value certain financial assets and liabilities, to monitor and manage our risk, and to measure and monitor our regulatory capital. 
 Model Risk, which is independent of our revenue-producing units, model developers, model owners and model users, and reports to our chief risk officer, has primary responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing our model risk through firmwide oversight across our global businesses, and provides periodic updates to senior management, risk committees and the Risk Committee of the Board. 
 Our model risk management framework is managed through a governance structure and risk management controls, which encompass standards designed to ensure we maintain a comprehensive model inventory, including risk assessment and classification, sound model development practices, independent review and model-specific usage controls. The Firmwide Model Risk Control Committee oversees our model risk management framework. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 121 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Model Review and Validation Process 
 Model Risk consists of quantitative professionals who perform an independent review, validation and approval of our models. This review includes an analysis of the model documentation, independent testing, an assessment of the appropriateness of the methodology used, and verification of compliance with model development and implementation standards. 
 We regularly refine and enhance our models to reflect changes in market or economic conditions and our business mix. All models are reviewed on an annual basis, and new models or significant changes to existing models and their assumptions are approved prior to implementation. 
 The model validation process incorporates a review of models and trade and risk parameters across a broad range of scenarios (including extreme conditions) in order to critically evaluate and verify: 
 The model s conceptual soundness, including the reasonableness of model assumptions, and suitability for intended use; 
 The testing strategy utilized by the model developers to ensure that the models function as intended; 
 The suitability of the calculation techniques incorporated in the model; 
 The model s accuracy in reflecting the characteristics of the related product and its significant risks; 
 The model s consistency with models for similar products; and 
 The model s sensitivity to input parameters and assumptions. 
 See Critical Accounting Policies Fair Value Review of Valuation Models, Liquidity Risk Management, Market Risk Management, Credit Risk Management and Operational Risk Management for further information about our use of models within these areas. 

Other Risk Management 
 In addition to the areas of risks discussed above, we also manage other risks, including capital, climate, compliance and conflicts. These areas of risks are discussed below. 

Capital Risk Management 
 Capital risk is the risk that our capital is insufficient to support our business activities under normal and stressed market conditions or we face capital reductions or RWA increases, including from new or revised rules or changes in interpretations of existing rules, and are therefore unable to meet our internal capital targets or external regulatory capital requirements. Capital adequacy is of critical importance to us. Accordingly, we have in place a comprehensive capital management policy that provides a framework, defines objectives and establishes guidelines to maintain an appropriate level and composition of capital in both business-as-usual and stressed conditions. Our capital management framework is designed to provide us with the information needed to identify and comprehensively manage risk, and develop and apply projected stress scenarios that capture idiosyncratic vulnerabilities with a goal of holding sufficient capital to remain adequately capitalized even after experiencing a severe stress event. See Capital Management and Regulatory Capital for further information about our capital management process. 
 We have established a comprehensive governance structure to manage and oversee our day-to-day capital management activities and to ensure compliance with capital rules and related policies. Our capital management activities are overseen by the Board and its committees. The Board is responsible for approving our annual capital plan and the Risk Committee of the Board approves our capital management policy, which details the risk committees and members of senior management who are responsible for the ongoing monitoring of our capital adequacy and evaluation of current and future regulatory capital requirements, the review of the results of our capital planning and stress tests processes, and the results of our capital models. In addition, our risk committees and senior management are responsible for the review of our contingency capital plan, key capital adequacy metrics, including regulatory capital ratios, and capital plan metrics, such as the payout ratio, as well as monitoring capital targets and potential breaches of capital requirements. 
 Our process for managing capital risk includes independent review by Risk that assesses regulatory capital policies and related interpretations and escalates certain interpretations to senior management and/or the appropriate risk committee. This process also includes, among other things, independent review and validation of our regulatory capital calculations, analysis of the related documentation, independent testing and an assessment of the appropriateness of the calculations and their alignment with the relevant regulatory capital rules. 

122 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 

 Climate-Related and Environmental Risk Management 
 We categorize climate-related and environmental risks into physical risk and transition risk. Physical risk is the risk that asset values may decline or operations may be disrupted as a result of changes in the climate, while transition risk is the risk that asset values may decline because of changes in climate policies or changes in the underlying economy due to decarbonization. 
 As a global financial institution, climate-related and environmental risks manifest in different ways across our businesses. We have continued to make significant enhancements to our climate risk management framework, including steps to further integrate climate risk into our broader risk management processes. We have integrated oversight of climate-related risks into our risk management governance structure, from senior management to our Board and its committees, including the Risk and Public Responsibilities Committees. The Risk Committee of the Board oversees firmwide financial and nonfinancial risks, which include climate risk, and, as part of its oversight, receives updates on our risk management approach to climate risk, including our approaches towards scenario analysis and integration into existing risk management processes. The Public Responsibilities Committee of the Board assists the Board in its oversight of our firmwide sustainability strategy and sustainability issues affecting us, including with respect to climate change. As part of its oversight, the Public Responsibilities Committee receives periodic updates on our sustainability strategy, and also periodically reviews our governance and related policies and processes for sustainability and climate change-related matters. Senior management within Risk, in coordination with senior management in both our revenue-producing units and our other independent risk oversight and control functions, is responsible for the development of the climate-related and environmental risk program. The objective of this program is to integrate climate-related and environmental risks into existing risk disciplines and business considerations, such as the integration of climate risk into our credit evaluation and underwriting processes for select industries. 
 See Business Sustainability in Part I, Item 1 and Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for information about our sustainability initiatives, including in relation to climate transition. 

Compliance Risk Management 
 Compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss or damage to our reputation arising from our failure to comply with the requirements of applicable laws, rules and regulations, and our internal policies and procedures. Compliance risk is inherent in all activities through which we conduct our businesses. Our Compliance Risk Management Program, administered by Compliance, assesses our compliance, regulatory and reputational risk; monitors for compliance with new or amended laws, rules and regulations; designs and implements controls, policies, procedures and training; conducts independent testing; investigates, surveils and monitors for compliance risks and breaches; and leads our responses to regulatory examinations, audits and inquiries. We monitor and review business practices to assess whether they meet or exceed minimum regulatory and legal standards in all markets and jurisdictions in which we conduct business. 
 Conflicts Management 
 Conflicts of interest and our approach to dealing with them are fundamental to our client relationships, our reputation and our long-term success. The term conflict of interest does not have a universally accepted meaning, and conflicts can arise in many forms within a business or between businesses. The responsibility for identifying potential conflicts, as well as complying with our policies and procedures, is shared by all of our employees. 
 We have a multilayered approach to resolving conflicts and addressing reputational risk. Our senior management oversees policies related to conflicts resolution and, in conjunction with Conflicts Resolution, Legal and Compliance, and internal committees, formulates policies, standards and principles, and assists in making judgments regarding the appropriate resolution of particular conflicts. Resolving potential conflicts necessarily depends on the facts and circumstances of a particular situation and the application of experienced and informed judgment. 
 As a general matter, Conflicts Resolution reviews financing and advisory assignments in Global Banking Markets and certain of our investing, lending and other activities. In addition, we have various transaction oversight committees, such as the Firmwide Capital, Commitments and Suitability Committees and other committees that also review new underwritings, loans, investments and structured products. These groups and committees work with internal and external counsel and Compliance to evaluate and address any actual or potential conflicts. The head of Conflicts Resolution reports to our chief legal officer, who reports to our chief executive officer. 
 We regularly assess our policies and procedures that address conflicts of interest in an effort to conduct our business in accordance with the highest ethical standards and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 For further information about our risk management processes, see Overview and Structure of Risk Management and Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 123 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk are set forth in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries (the firm), is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The firm s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the firm s principal executive and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the firm s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 As of December 31, 2023, management conducted an assessment of the firm s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management has determined that the firm s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 was effective. 

Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the firm; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the firm s assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 The firm s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PCAOB ID ), an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report appearing below, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the firm s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. 

124 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

Report of Independent Registered Public 
 Accounting Firm 

 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, of comprehensive income, of changes in shareholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 

Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 125 

Report of Independent Registered Public 
 Accounting Firm 

 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Valuation of Certain Level 3 Financial Instruments 
 As described in Notes 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2023, the Company carries financial instruments at fair value, which includes 25.1 billion of financial assets and 28.7 billion of financial liabilities classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, as one or more inputs to the financial instrument s valuation technique are significant and unobservable. Significant unobservable inputs used by management to value certain of the level 3 financial instruments included: market multiples, discount rates, and capitalization rates for equity securities; credit spreads for credit derivatives; and correlation for hybrid financial instruments. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of certain level 3 financial instruments is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of certain level 3 financial instruments, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the aforementioned significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of certain level 3 financial instruments, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of financial instruments, including controls over the methods and significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of certain level 3 financial instruments. These procedures also included, among others, testing the completeness and accuracy of data used by management, as well as (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate of certain level 3 financial instruments, (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the techniques used by management, (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of the aforementioned significant unobservable inputs, and either (iv) the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating (a) the appropriateness of the techniques used by management and (b) the aforementioned significant unobservable inputs, or (v) the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of management s estimate by (a) evaluating the appropriateness of the techniques used by management and (b) developing an independent estimate of fair value for a sample of certain level 3 securities using independently determined assumptions, and comparing the independent range of prices to management s estimate. 

126 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

Report of Independent Registered Public 
 Accounting Firm 

 Allowance for Loan Losses - Wholesale Loan Portfoli o 
 As described in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for loan losses for the wholesale loan portfolio reflects management s estimate of loan losses over the remaining expected life of the loans and also considers forecasts of future economic conditions. As of December 31, 2023, 2.6 billion of the allowance for loan losses and 157.2 billion of the loans accounted for at amortized cost related to the wholesale loan portfolio. The allowance for loan losses for the wholesale loan portfolio is measured on a collective basis for loans that exhibit similar risk characteristics using a modeled approach and on an asset-specific basis for loans that do not share similar risk characteristics. In addition, it includes qualitative components to reflect the uncertain nature of economic forecasting, capture uncertainty regarding model inputs, and account for model imprecision and concentration risk. The wholesale models determine the probability of default and loss given default based on various risk factors, including internal credit ratings. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the allowance for loan losses for the wholesale loan portfolio is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the allowance for loan losses for the wholesale loan portfolio using the modeled approach, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s determination of internal credit ratings used in the modeled approach, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the Company s allowance for loan losses for the wholesale loan portfolio, including controls over the determination of internal credit ratings. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management s process for developing the allowance for loan losses for the wholesale loan portfolio using a modeled approach, (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the modeled approach, (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of data used in the modeled approach, and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the internal credit ratings used by management. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the modeled approach and (ii) the reasonableness of the internal credit ratings. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 22, 2024 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1922. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 127 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 

Year Ended December 
 in millions, except per share amounts 2023 2022 2021 Revenues Investment banking Investment management Commissions and fees Market making Other principal transactions Total non-interest revenues Interest income 
 Interest expense Net interest income Total net revenues Provision for credit losses 
 Operating expenses 
 Compensation and benefits Transaction based Market development Communications and technology Depreciation and amortization Occupancy Professional fees Other expenses Total operating expenses Pre-tax earnings 
 Provision for taxes Net earnings Preferred stock dividends Net earnings applicable to common shareholders Earnings per common share 
 Basic Diluted Average common shares 
 Basic Diluted 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 Year Ended December 
 in millions 2023 2022 2021 Net earnings Other comprehensive income/(loss) adjustments, net of tax: Currency translation ) ) ) Debt valuation adjustment ) Pension and postretirement liabilities ) ) Available-for-sale securities ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
 ) ) Comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 128 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Collateralized agreements: Securities purchased under agreements to resell (includes and at fair value) 
 Securities borrowed (includes and at fair value) 
 Customer and other receivables (includes and at fair value) 
 Trading assets (at fair value and includes and pledged as collateral) 
 Investments (includes and at fair value) 
 Loans (net of allowance of and , and includes and at fair value) 
 Other assets (includes and at fair value) 
 Total assets Liabilities and shareholders equity 
 Deposits (includes and at fair value) 
 Collateralized financings: Securities sold under agreements to repurchase (at fair value) 
 Securities loaned (includes and at fair value) 
 Other secured financings (includes and at fair value) 
 Customer and other payables Trading liabilities (at fair value) Unsecured short-term borrowings (includes and at fair value) 
 Unsecured long-term borrowings (includes and at fair value) 
 Other liabilities (includes and at fair value) 
 Total liabilities Commitments, contingencies and guarantees 
 Shareholders equity 
 Preferred stock; aggregate liquidation preference of and 
 Common stock; and shares issued, and and shares outstanding 
 Share-based awards Nonvoting common stock; no shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock held in treasury, at cost; and shares 
 ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 129 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

Year Ended December 
 in millions 2023 2022 2021 Preferred stock Beginning balance Issued Redeemed ) ) Ending balance Common stock Beginning balance Issued Ending balance Share-based awards Beginning balance Issuance and amortization of share-based awards Delivery of common stock underlying share-based awards ) ) ) Forfeiture of share-based awards ) ) ) Ending balance Additional paid-in capital Beginning balance Delivery of common stock underlying share-based awards Cancellation of share-based awards in satisfaction of withholding tax requirements ) ) ) Preferred stock issuance costs 
 Issuance of common stock in connection with acquisition Other ) ) ) Ending balance Retained earnings Beginning balance 
 Net earnings Dividends and dividend equivalents declared on common stock and share-based awards ) ) ) Dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) ) Preferred stock redemption premium ) ) Ending balance Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) Beginning balance ) ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
 ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) Stock held in treasury, at cost Beginning balance ) ) ) Repurchased ) ) ) Reissued Other ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) Total shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 130 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 
 in millions 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by/(used for) operating activities Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes 
 ) ) Share-based compensation Provision for credit losses Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Customer and other receivables and payables, net ) Collateralized transactions (excluding other secured financings), net ) ) Trading assets ) Trading liabilities Loans held for sale, net ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by/(used for) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of property, leasehold improvements and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of property, leasehold improvements and equipment Net cash received from/(used for) business dispositions or acquisitions 
 ) Purchase of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sales and paydowns of investments Loans (excluding loans held for sale), net ) ) ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Unsecured short-term borrowings, net Other secured financings (short-term), net ) ) Proceeds from issuance of other secured financings (long-term) Repayment of other secured financings (long-term), including the current portion ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of unsecured long-term borrowings Repayment of unsecured long-term borrowings, including the current portion ) ) ) Derivative contracts with a financing element, net Deposits, net Preferred stock redemption ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Settlement of share-based awards in satisfaction of withholding tax requirements ) ) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents paid on common stock, preferred stock and share-based awards ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs Other financing, net Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 ) ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning balance Cash and cash equivalents, ending balance Supplemental disclosures: Cash payments for interest, net of capitalized interest Cash payments for income taxes, net 
 See Notes 9, 12 and 16 for information about non-cash activities. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 131 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1. 
 business segments: 
 Global Banking Markets 
 The firm provides a broad range of services to a diverse group of corporations, financial institutions, investment funds and governments. Services include strategic advisory assignments with respect to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense activities, restructurings and spin-offs, and equity and debt underwriting of public offerings and private placements. The firm facilitates client transactions and makes markets in fixed income, equity, currency and commodity products. In addition, the firm makes markets in and clears institutional client transactions on major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide and provides prime financing (including securities lending, margin lending and swaps), portfolio financing and other types of equity financing (including securities-based loans to individuals). The firm also provides lending to corporate clients, including through relationship lending and acquisition financing, and secured lending, through structured credit and asset-backed lending. In addition, the firm provides commodity financing to clients through structured transactions and also provides financing through securities purchased under agreements to resell (resale agreements). The firm also makes equity and debt investments related to Global Banking Markets activities. 

132 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 2. 

Note 3. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 133 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

134 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of total non-interest revenues for 2023 (including approximately of investment banking revenues, approximately of investment management revenues and all commissions and fees), approximately of total non-interest revenues for 2022 (including approximately of investment banking revenues, approximately of investment management revenues and all commissions and fees), and approximately of total non-interest revenues for 2021 (including approximately of both investment banking revenues and investment management revenues, and all commissions and fees). See Note 25 for information about net revenues by business segment. 
 Investment Banking 
 Advisory. Fees from financial advisory assignments are recognized in revenues when the services related to the underlying transaction are completed under the terms of the assignment. Non-refundable deposits and milestone payments in connection with financial advisory assignments are recognized in revenues upon completion of the underlying transaction or when the assignment is otherwise concluded. 
 Expenses associated with financial advisory assignments are recognized when incurred and are included in transaction based expenses. Client reimbursements for such expenses are included in investment banking revenues. 
 Underwriting. Fees from underwriting assignments are recognized in revenues upon completion of the underlying transaction based on the terms of the assignment. 
 Expenses associated with underwriting assignments are generally deferred until the related revenue is recognized or the assignment is otherwise concluded. Such expenses are included in transaction based expenses for completed assignments. 

Investment Management 
 The firm earns management fees and incentive fees for investment management services, which are included in investment management revenues. The firm makes payments to brokers and advisors related to the placement of the firm s investment funds (distribution fees), which are included in transaction based expenses. 
 Management Fees. Management fees for mutual funds are calculated as a percentage of daily net asset value and are received monthly. Management fees for hedge funds and separately managed accounts are calculated as a percentage of month-end net asset value and are generally received quarterly. Management fees for private equity funds are calculated as a percentage of monthly invested capital or committed capital and are received quarterly, semi-annually or annually, depending on the fund. Management fees are recognized over time in the period the services are provided. 
 Distribution fees paid by the firm are calculated based on either a percentage of the management fee, the investment fund s net asset value or the committed capital. Such fees are included in transaction based expenses. 
 Incentive Fees. Incentive fees are calculated as a percentage of a fund s or separately managed account s return, or excess return above a specified benchmark or other performance target. Incentive fees are generally based on investment performance over a twelve-month period or over the life of a fund. Fees that are based on performance over a twelve-month period are subject to adjustment prior to the end of the measurement period. For fees that are based on investment performance over the life of the fund, future investment underperformance may require fees previously distributed to the firm to be returned to the fund. 
 Incentive fees earned from a fund or separately managed account are recognized when it is probable that a significant reversal of such fees will not occur, which is generally when such fees are no longer subject to fluctuations in the market value of investments held by the fund or separately managed account. Therefore, incentive fees recognized during the period may relate to performance obligations satisfied in previous periods. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 135 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million through 2032. 

billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. Cash and cash equivalents also included interest-bearing deposits with banks of billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. 
 billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. In addition, the firm segregates securities for regulatory and other purposes related to client activity. See Note 11 for further information about segregated securities. 
 billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022, and receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations of billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. Such receivables primarily consist of customer margin loans, collateral posted in connection with certain derivative transactions, and receivables resulting from unsettled transactions. 
 Substantially all of these receivables are accounted for at amortized cost net of any allowance for credit losses, which generally approximates fair value. As these receivables are not accounted for at fair value, they are not included in the firm s fair value hierarchy in Notes 4 and 5. Had these receivables been included in the firm s fair value hierarchy, substantially all would have been classified in level 2 as of both December 2023 and December 2022. See Note 10 for further information about customer and other receivables accounted for at fair value under the fair value option. Interest on customer and other receivables is recognized over the life of the transaction and included in interest income. 
 billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. As of both December 2023 and December 2022, contract assets were not material. 

136 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022, and payables to brokers, dealers and clearing organizations of billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. Such payables primarily consist of customer credit balances related to the firm s prime brokerage activities. Customer and other payables are accounted for at cost plus accrued interest, which generally approximates fair value. As these payables are not accounted for at fair value, they are not included in the firm s fair value hierarchy in Notes 4 and 5. Had these payables been included in the firm s fair value hierarchy, substantially all would have been classified in level 2 as of both December 2023 and December 2022. Interest on customer and other payables is recognized over the life of the transaction and included in interest expense. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 137 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures (ASC 280). In N ovember 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. This ASU requires enhanced disclosures primarily about significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker. This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2024 under a retrospective approach. Early adoption is permitted. Since this ASU only requires additional disclosures, adoption of this ASU will not have an impact on the firm s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (ASC 740). In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures. This ASU requires incremental disclosures primarily related to the reconciliation of the statutory income tax rate to the effective income tax rate, as well as income taxes paid. This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024 under a prospective approach with the option to apply it retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted. Since this ASU only requires additional disclosures, adoption of this ASU will not have an impact on the firm s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

138 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 4. 

Total level 2 financial assets Total level 3 financial assets Investments in funds at NAV Counterparty and cash collateral netting ) ) Total financial assets at fair value Total assets 
 Total level 3 financial assets divided by: Total assets Total financial assets at fair value Total level 1 financial liabilities Total level 2 financial liabilities Total level 3 financial liabilities Counterparty and cash collateral netting ) ) Total financial liabilities at fair value Total liabilities Total level 3 financial liabilities divided by: Total liabilities Total financial liabilities at fair value 
 In the table above: 
 Counterparty netting among positions classified in the same level is included in that level. 
 Counterparty and cash collateral netting represents the impact on derivatives of netting across levels. 
 Derivatives Investments Loans Other assets 
 Total 
 Level 3 financial assets as of December 2023 decreased compared with December 2022, primarily reflecting a decrease in level 3 loans and derivatives, partially offset by an increase in level 3 investments. See Note 5 for further information about level 3 financial assets (including information about unrealized gains and losses related to level 3 financial assets and transfers into and out of level 3). 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 139 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

140 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 141 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

142 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 143 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 5. 
 Trading Cash Instruments 
 Fair Value by Level. 
 Non-U.S. Loans and securities backed by: Commercial real estate Residential real estate Corporate debt instruments State and municipal obligations Other debt obligations Equity securities Commodities Total Liabilities 
 Government and agency obligations: U.S. ) ) ) Non-U.S. ) ) ) Loans and securities backed by: Commercial real estate ) ) Residential real estate ) ) Corporate debt instruments ) ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) ) ) Commodities ) ) Total ) ) ) ) As of December 2022 Assets Government and agency obligations: U.S. Non-U.S. Loans and securities backed by: Commercial real estate Residential real estate Corporate debt instruments State and municipal obligations Other debt obligations Equity securities Commodities Total Liabilities 
 Government and agency obligations: U.S. ) ) ) Non-U.S. ) ) ) Loans and securities backed by: Commercial real estate ) ) Residential real estate ) ) Corporate debt instruments ) ) ) ) Other debt obligations ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) 

In the table above: 
 Assets are shown as positive amounts and liabilities are shown as negative amounts. 
 Corporate debt instruments includes corporate loans, debt securities, convertible debentures, prepaid commodity transactions and transfers of assets accounted for as secured loans rather than purchases. 
 Other debt obligations includes other asset-backed securities and money market instruments. 
 Equity securities includes public equities and exchange-traded funds. 
 See Note 4 for an overview of the firm s fair value measurement policies, valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine the fair value of trading cash instruments. 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs. 
 Yield to 
 to 
 Recovery rate to 
 to 
 Cumulative loss rate 
 N/A N/A to 
 Duration (years) to 
 to 
 Corporate debt instruments Level 3 assets Yield to 
 to 
 Recovery rate to 
 to 
 Duration (years) to 
 to 
 Other Level 3 assets Yield to 
 to 
 Multiples x to x 
 x x to x 
 x Duration (years) to 
 to 

144 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Level 3 Rollforward. 
 Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) ) Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into level 3 Transfers out of level 3 ) ) Ending balance Liabilities 
 Beginning balance ) ) Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements Transfers into level 3 ) ) Transfers out of level 3 Ending balance ) ) 
 In the table above: 
 Changes in fair value are presented for all trading cash instruments that are classified in level 3 as of the end of the period. 
 Net unrealized gains/(losses) relates to trading cash instruments that were still held at period-end. 
 Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are reported at the beginning of the reporting period in which they occur. If a trading cash instrument was transferred to level 3 during a reporting period, its entire gain or loss for the period is classified in level 3. 
 For level 3 trading cash instrument assets, increases are shown as positive amounts, while decreases are shown as negative amounts. For level 3 trading cash instrument liabilities, increases are shown as negative amounts, while decreases are shown as positive amounts. 
 Level 3 trading cash instruments are frequently economically hedged with level 1 and level 2 trading cash instruments and/or level 1, level 2 or level 3 derivatives. Accordingly, gains or losses that are classified in level 3 can be partially offset by gains or losses attributable to level 1 or level 2 trading cash instruments and/or level 1, level 2 or level 3 derivatives. As a result, gains or losses included in the level 3 rollforward below do not necessarily represent the overall impact on the firm s results of operations, liquidity or capital resources. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 145 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into level 3 Transfers out of level 3 ) ) Ending balance Corporate debt instruments 
 Beginning balance Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) ) Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into level 3 Transfers out of level 3 ) ) Ending balance Other 
 Beginning balance Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) ) Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into level 3 Transfers out of level 3 ) ) Ending balance 
 In the table above, other includes government and agency obligations, state and municipal obligations, other debt obligations, equity securities and commodities. 
 Level 3 Rollforward Commentary for the Year Ended December 2023 . The net realized and unrealized gains on level 3 trading cash instrument assets of million (reflecting million of net realized gains and million of net unrealized losses) for 2023 included gains of million reported in market making and million reported in interest income. 
 The drivers of net unrealized losses on level 3 trading cash instrument assets for 2023 were not material. 
 The drivers of transfers into level 3 trading cash instrument assets during 2023 were not material. 
 Transfers out of level 3 trading cash instrument assets during 2023 primarily reflected transfers of certain corporate debt instruments and other debt obligations (included in other cash instruments) to level 2 (in each case, principally due to increased price transparency as a result of market evidence, including market transactions in these instruments). 

Level 3 Rollforward Commentary for the Year Ended December 2022. The net realized and unrealized losses on level 3 trading cash instrument assets of billion (reflecting million of net realized gains and billion of net unrealized losses) for 2022 included gains/(losses) of ) billion reported in market making and million reported in interest income. 
 The net unrealized losses on level 3 trading cash instrument assets for 2022 primarily reflected losses on certain equity securities (included in other cash instruments), principally driven by broad macroeconomic and geopolitical concerns. 
 Transfers into level 3 trading cash instrument assets during 2022 primarily reflected transfers of certain equity securities (included in other cash instruments) and corporate debt instruments from both level 1 and level 2 (in each case, principally due to reduced price transparency as a result of a lack of market evidence, including fewer market transactions in these instruments). 
 Transfers out of level 3 trading cash instrument assets during 2022 primarily reflected transfers of certain corporate debt instruments to level 2 (principally due to increased price transparency as a result of market evidence, including market transactions in these instruments). 

146 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Credit Currencies Commodities Equities Gross fair value Counterparty netting in levels ) ) ) Subtotal Cross-level counterparty netting ) Cash collateral netting ) Net fair value Liabilities Interest rates ) ) ) ) Credit ) ) ) Currencies ) ) ) Commodities ) ) ) Equities ) ) ) ) Gross fair value ) ) ) ) Counterparty netting in levels Subtotal ) ) ) ) Cross-level counterparty netting Cash collateral netting Net fair value ) As of December 2022 Assets Interest rates Credit Currencies Commodities Equities Gross fair value Counterparty netting in levels ) ) ) Subtotal Cross-level counterparty netting ) Cash collateral netting ) Net fair value Liabilities Interest rates ) ) ) ) Credit ) ) ) Currencies ) ) ) Commodities ) ) ) Equities ) ) ) ) Gross fair value ) ) ) ) Counterparty netting in levels Subtotal ) ) ) ) Cross-level counterparty netting Cash collateral netting Net fair value ) 

See Note 4 for an overview of the firm s fair value measurement policies, valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine the fair value of derivatives. 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs.) ) Correlation ) to 
 / 
 ) to 
 / 
 Volatility (bps) to 
 / 
 to 
 / 
 Credit, net Credit spreads (bps) to 
 / 
 to 
 / 
 Upfront credit points to 
 / 
 ) to 
 / 
 Recovery rates to 
 / 
 to 
 / 
 Currencies, net Correlation to 
 / 
 to 
 / 
 Volatility to 
 / 
 to 
 / 
 Commodities, net Volatility to 
 / 
 to 
 / 
 Natural gas spread 
 ) to 
 )/ ) 
 ) to 
 )/ ) 
 Oil spread 
 ) to 
 / 
 to 
 / 
 Electricity price 
 to 
 / 
 to 
 / 
 Equities, net ) ) Correlation ) to 
 / 
 ) to 
 / 
 Volatility to 
 / 
 to 
 / 
 
 In the table above: 
 Assets are shown as positive amounts and liabilities are shown as negative amounts. 
 Ranges represent the significant unobservable inputs that were used in the valuation of each type of derivative. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 147 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

148 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements Transfers into level 3 ) ) Transfers out of level 3 ) Ending balance 
 In the table above: 
 Changes in fair value are presented for all derivative assets and liabilities that are classified in level 3 as of the end of the period. 
 Net unrealized gains/(losses) relates to instruments that were still held at period-end. 
 Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are reported at the beginning of the reporting period in which they occur. If a derivative was transferred into level 3 during a reporting period, its entire gain or loss for the period is classified in level 3. 
 Positive amounts for transfers into level 3 and negative amounts for transfers out of level 3 represent net transfers of derivative assets. Negative amounts for transfers into level 3 and positive amounts for transfers out of level 3 represent net transfers of derivative liabilities. 
 A derivative with level 1 and/or level 2 inputs is classified in level 3 in its entirety if it has at least one significant level 3 input. 
 If there is one significant level 3 input, the entire gain or loss from adjusting only observable inputs (i.e., level 1 and level 2 inputs) is classified in level 3. 
 Gains or losses that have been classified in level 3 resulting from changes in level 1 or level 2 inputs are frequently offset by gains or losses attributable to level 1 or level 2 derivatives and/or level 1, level 2 and level 3 trading cash instruments. As a result, gains/(losses) included in the level 3 rollforward below do not necessarily represent the overall impact on the firm s results of operations, liquidity or capital resources. 
 Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements ) Transfers into level 3 ) ) Transfers out of level 3 ) Ending balance ) ) Credit, net 
 Beginning balance Net realized gains/(losses) ) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into level 3 ) ) Transfers out of level 3 ) Ending balance Currencies, net 
 Beginning balance ) Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements ) Transfers into level 3 ) Transfers out of level 3 Ending balance Commodities, net 
 Beginning balance Net realized gains/(losses) ) ) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements ) Transfers into level 3 Transfers out of level 3 ) Ending balance Equities, net 
 Beginning balance ) ) Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements Transfers into level 3 ) ) Transfers out of level 3 Ending balance ) ) 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 149 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million (reflecting million of net realized gains and million of net unrealized losses) for 2023 included losses of million reported in market making and million reported in other principal transactions. 
 The net unrealized losses on level 3 derivatives for 2023 primarily reflected losses on certain commodity derivatives (principally due to the impact of changes in commodity prices), losses on certain currency derivatives (principally due to the impact of a decrease in interest rates), partially offset by gains on certain credit derivatives (principally due to the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates and a decrease in interest rates). 
 Transfers into level 3 derivatives during 2023 primarily reflected transfers of certain equity derivative liabilities (principally due to reduced transparency of certain unobservable volatility inputs used to value these derivatives) and transfers of certain interest rate derivative liabilities from level 2 (principally due to certain unobservable volatility inputs becoming significant to the valuation of these derivatives), partially offset by transfers of certain commodity derivative assets from level 2 (principally due to certain unobservable volatility inputs becoming significant to the valuation of these derivatives). 
 The drivers of transfers out of level 3 derivatives during 2023 were not material. 
 Level 3 Rollforward Commentary for the Year Ended December 2022. The net realized and unrealized gains on level 3 derivatives of billion (reflecting million of net realized gains and billion of net unrealized gains) for 2022 included gains of billion reported in market making and million reported in other principal transactions. 
 The net unrealized gains on level 3 derivatives for 2022 reflected gains on certain equity derivatives (principally due to the impact of a decrease in equity prices), gains on certain commodity derivatives (principally due to the impact of an increase in commodity prices), gains on certain currency derivatives (principally due to the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates and an increase in interest rates), and gains on certain interest rate derivatives (principally due to the impact of an increase in interest rates), partially offset by losses on certain credit derivatives (principally due to the impact of an increase in interest rates). 
 Transfers into level 3 derivatives during 2022 primarily reflected transfers of certain equity derivative liabilities from level 2 (principally due to reduced transparency of certain unobservable volatility inputs used to value these derivatives), partially offset by transfers of certain commodity derivative assets from level 2 (principally due to certain unobservable electricity price inputs becoming significant to the valuation of these derivatives). 

Transfers out of level 3 derivatives during 2022 primarily reflected transfers of certain interest rate derivative assets to level 2 (principally due to certain unobservable volatility inputs no longer being significant to the valuation of these derivatives), certain credit derivative assets to level 2 (principally due to certain unobservable credit spread inputs no longer being significant to the net risk of certain portfolios), and certain commodity derivative assets to level 2 (principally due to certain unobservable natural gas spread and electricity price inputs no longer being significant to the valuation of these derivatives), partially offset by transfers of certain equity derivative liabilities to level 2 (principally due to certain unobservable volatility inputs no longer being significant to the valuation of these derivatives). 
 Investments 
 Fair Value by Level. 
 Non-U.S. Corporate debt securities Securities backed by real estate Money market instruments Other debt obligations Equity securities Subtotal Investments in funds at NAV Total investments As of December 2022 Government and agency obligations: U.S. Non-U.S. Corporate debt securities Securities backed by real estate Money market instruments Other debt obligations Equity securities Subtotal Investments in funds at NAV Total investments 
 
 See Note 4 for an overview of the firm s fair value measurement policies, valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine the fair value of investments. 

150 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Yield to 
 to 
 Recovery rate to 
 to 
 Duration (years) to 
 to 
 Multiples x to x 
 x x to x 
 x Securities backed by real estate Level 3 assets Yield to 
 to 
 Duration (years) to 
 to 
 Other debt obligations Level 3 assets Yield to 
 to 
 Equity securities Level 3 assets Multiples x to x 
 x x to x 
 x Discount rate/yield to 
 to 
 Capitalization rate to 
 to 
 
 In the table above: 
 Ranges represent the significant unobservable inputs that were used in the valuation of each type of investment. 
 Weighted averages are calculated by weighting each input by the relative fair value of the investment. 
 The ranges and weighted averages of these inputs are not representative of the appropriate inputs to use when calculating the fair value of any one investment. For example, the highest multiple for private equity securities is appropriate for valuing a specific private equity security but may not be appropriate for valuing any other private equity security. Accordingly, the ranges of inputs do not represent uncertainty in, or possible ranges of, fair value measurements of level 3 investments. 
 Increases in yield, discount rate, capitalization rate or duration used in the valuation of level 3 investments would have resulted in a lower fair value measurement, while increases in recovery rate or multiples would have resulted in a higher fair value measurement as of both December 2023 and December 2022. Due to the distinctive nature of each level 3 investment, the interrelationship of inputs is not necessarily uniform within each product type. 

Level 3 Rollforward. 
 Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) ) Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into level 3 Transfers out of level 3 ) ) Ending balance 
 In the table above: 
 Changes in fair value are presented for all investments that are classified in level 3 as of the end of the period. 
 Net unrealized gains/(losses) relates to investments that were still held at period-end. 
 Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are reported at the beginning of the reporting period in which they occur. If an investment was transferred to level 3 during a reporting period, its entire gain or loss for the period is classified in level 3. 
 For level 3 investments, increases are shown as positive amounts, while decreases are shown as negative amounts. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 151 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into level 3 Transfers out of level 3 ) ) Ending balance Securities backed by real estate Beginning balance Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) ) Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into level 3 Transfers out of level 3 ) ) Ending balance Other debt obligations Beginning balance Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) Purchases Sales ) Settlements ) ) Transfers out of level 3 ) Ending balance Equity securities Beginning balance Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) ) Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into level 3 Transfers out of level 3 ) ) Ending balance 
 Level 3 Rollforward Commentary for the Year Ended December 2023 . The net realized and unrealized losses on level 3 investments of million (reflecting million of net realized gains and million of net unrealized losses) for 2023 included gains/(losses) of ) million reported in other principal transactions and million reported in interest income. 
 The net unrealized losses on level 3 investments for 2023 primarily reflected losses on certain equity securities and securities backed by real estate (in each case, principally driven by ongoing weakness in the commercial real estate market). 

Transfers into level 3 investments during 2023 primarily reflected transfers of certain equity securities and corporate debt securities from level 2 (in each case, principally due to reduced price transparency as a result of a lack of market evidence, including fewer market transactions in these instruments, and certain unobservable yield inputs becoming significant to the valuation of these instruments). 
 Transfers out of level 3 investments during 2023 primarily reflected transfers of certain corporate debt securities to level 2 (principally due to increased price transparency as a result of market evidence, including market transactions in these instruments, and certain unobservable yield inputs becoming less significant to the valuation of these instruments), and transfers of certain equity securities to level 2 (principally due to increased price transparency as a result of market evidence, including market transactions in these instruments). 
 Level 3 Rollforward Commentary for the Year Ended December 2022. The net realized and unrealized losses on level 3 investments of billion (reflecting million of net realized gains and billion of net unrealized losses) for 2022 included gains/(losses) of ) billion reported in other principal transactions and million reported in interest income. 
 The net unrealized losses on level 3 investments for 2022 primarily reflected losses on certain equity securities and corporate debt securities (in each case, principally driven by broad macroeconomic and geopolitical concerns) and securities backed by real estate (principally driven by an increase in interest rates). 
 Transfers into level 3 investments during 2022 primarily reflected transfers of certain equity securities and corporate debt securities from level 2 (in each case, principally due to reduced price transparency as a result of a lack of market evidence, including fewer market transactions in these instruments), and transfers of certain corporate debt securities from level 2 (due to certain unobservable yield and duration inputs becoming significant to the valuation of these instruments). 
 Transfers out of level 3 investments during 2022 primarily reflected transfers of certain equity securities and corporate debt securities to level 2 (in each case, principally due to increased price transparency as a result of market evidence, including market transactions in these instruments and certain unobservable yield and duration inputs no longer being significant to the valuation of these instruments). 

152 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Real estate: 
 Commercial 
 Residential 
 Other collateralized 
 Other Total As of December 2022 Loan Type Corporate Real estate: Commercial 
 Residential 
 Other collateralized 
 Other Total 
 The gains/(losses) as a result of changes in the fair value of loans held for investment for which the fair value option was elected were ) million for 2023 and ) million for 2022. These gains/(losses) were included in other principal transactions. 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs. 
 Yield to 
 to 
 Recovery rate to 
 to 
 Duration (years) to 
 to 
 Real estate 
 Level 3 assets Yield to 
 to 
 Recovery rate to 
 to 
 Duration (years) to 
 to 
 Other collateralized Level 3 assets Yield to 
 to 
 Duration (years) N/A 
 N/A to 
 Other 
 Level 3 assets Yield to 
 to 
 Duration (years) to 
 N/A N/A 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 153 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) ) Purchases Sales 
 ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into level 3 Transfers out of level 3 ) ) Ending balance 
 In the table above: 
 Changes in fair value are presented for loans that are classified in level 3 as of the end of the period. 
 Net unrealized gains/(losses) relates to loans that were still held at period-end. 
 Purchases includes originations and secondary purchases. 
 Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are reported at the beginning of the reporting period in which they occur. If a loan was transferred to level 3 during a reporting period, its entire gain or loss for the period is classified in level 3. 

Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) ) Purchases Sales ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into level 3 Transfers out of level 3 ) ) Ending balance Real estate 
 Beginning balance Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) ) Purchases Sales 
 ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into level 3 Transfers out of level 3 ) ) Ending balance Other collateralized 
 Beginning balance Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) ) Purchases 
 Sales 
 ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into level 3 Transfers out of level 3 ) Ending balance Other Beginning balance Net realized gains/(losses) Net unrealized gains/(losses) Purchases Sales 
 ) Settlements 
 ) ) Transfers out of level 3 ) ) Ending balance 

154 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million (reflecting million of net realized gains and million of net unrealized losses) for 2023 included gains/(losses) of ) million reported in other principal transactions and million reported in interest income. 
 The net unrealized losses on level 3 loans for 2023 primarily reflected losses on corporate loans (principally driven by company-specific events). 
 The drivers of both transfers into and transfers out of level 3 loans during 2023 were not material. 
 Level 3 Rollforward Commentary for the Year Ended December 2022. The net realized and unrealized losses on level 3 loans of million (reflecting million of net realized gains and million of net unrealized losses) for 2022 included gains/(losses) of ) million reported in other principal transactions and million reported in interest income. 
 The net unrealized losses on level 3 loans for 2022 primarily reflected losses on certain loans backed by real estate (principally due to the impact of an increase in interest rates). 
 Transfers into level 3 loans during 2022 primarily reflected transfers of certain corporate loans and loans backed by real estate from level 2 (in each case, principally due to reduced price transparency as a result of a lack of market evidence, including fewer market transactions in these instruments). 
 Transfers out of level 3 loans during 2022 primarily reflected transfers of certain loans backed by real estate to level 2 (principally due to increased price transparency as a result of market evidence, including market transactions in these instruments). 

Other Financial Assets and Liabilities 
 Fair Value by Level. 
 Securities borrowed Customer and other receivables Other assets 
 Total Liabilities Deposits ) ) ) Repurchase agreements ) ) Securities loaned ) ) Other secured financings ) ) ) Unsecured borrowings: Short-term ) ) ) Long-term ) ) ) Other liabilities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) As of December 2022 Assets Resale agreements Securities borrowed Customer and other receivables Other assets Total Liabilities Deposits ) ) ) Repurchase agreements ) ) Securities loaned ) ) Other secured financings ) ) ) Unsecured borrowings: Short-term ) ) ) Long-term ) ) ) Other liabilities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 In the table above, assets are shown as positive amounts and liabilities are shown as negative amounts. 
 See Note 4 for an overview of the firm s fair value measurement policies, valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine the fair value of other financial assets and liabilities. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 155 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

to (weighted average: 
 Duration: to years (weighted average: years) 
 As of December 2022: 
 Yield: to (weighted average: 
 Duration: to years (weighted average: years) 
 Generally, increases in yield or duration, in isolation, would have resulted in a lower fair value measurement as of period-end. Due to the distinctive nature of each of level 3 other secured financings, the interrelationship of inputs is not necessarily uniform across such financings. See Note 11 for further information about other secured financings. 

Level 3 Rollforward. 
 Net realized gains/(losses) ) Net unrealized gains/(losses) Purchases Ending balance Liabilities Beginning balance ) ) Net realized gains/(losses) ) ) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) Issuances ) ) Settlements Transfers into level 3 ) ) Transfers out of level 3 Ending balance ) ) 
 In the table above: 
 Changes in fair value are presented for all other financial assets and liabilities that are classified in level 3 as of the end of the period. 
 Net unrealized gains/(losses) relates to other financial assets and liabilities that were still held at period-end. 
 Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are reported at the beginning of the reporting period in which they occur. If a financial instrument was transferred to level 3 during a reporting period, its entire gain or loss for the period is classified in level 3. 
 For level 3 other financial assets, increases are shown as positive amounts, while decreases are shown as negative amounts. For level 3 other financial liabilities, increases are shown as negative amounts, while decreases are shown as positive amounts. 
 Level 3 other financial assets and liabilities are frequently economically hedged with trading assets and liabilities. Accordingly, gains or losses that are classified in level 3 can be partially offset by gains or losses attributable to level 1, 2 or 3 trading assets and liabilities. As a result, gains or losses included in the level 3 rollforward below do not necessarily represent the overall impact on the firm s results of operations, liquidity or capital resources. 

156 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 ) Net realized gains/(losses) ) ) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) Issuances ) ) Settlements Transfers into level 3 ) ) Transfers out of level 3 Ending balance ) ) Other secured financings Beginning balance ) ) Net realized gains/(losses) ) ) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) Issuances ) ) Settlements Transfers into level 3 ) ) Transfers out of level 3 Ending balance ) ) Unsecured short-term borrowings Beginning balance ) ) Net realized gains/(losses) ) ) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) Issuances ) ) Settlements Transfers into level 3 ) ) Transfers out of level 3 Ending balance ) ) Unsecured long-term borrowings Beginning balance ) ) Net realized gains/(losses) ) ) Net unrealized gains/(losses) ) Issuances ) ) Settlements Transfers into level 3 ) ) Transfers out of level 3 Ending balance ) ) Other liabilities Beginning balance ) ) Net unrealized gains/(losses) Settlements Ending balance ) ) 
 Level 3 Rollforward Commentary for the Year Ended December 2023. The net realized and unrealized losses on level 3 other financial liabilities of billion (reflecting million of net realized losses and billion of net unrealized losses) for 2023 included losses of billion reported in market making, million reported in other principal transactions and million reported in interest expense in the consolidated statements of earnings, and million reported in debt valuation adjustment in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 The net unrealized losses on level 3 other financial liabilities for 2023 primarily reflected losses on certain hybrid financial instruments included in unsecured long- and short-term borrowings (principally due to an increase in global equity prices). 

Transfers into level 3 other financial liabilities during 2023 primarily reflected transfers of certain hybrid financial instruments included in unsecured long-term borrowings from level 2 (principally due to reduced price transparency of certain credit spread and volatility inputs used to value these instruments) and transfers of certain other secured financings from level 2 (principally due to reduced price transparency of certain yield and duration inputs used to value these instruments). 
 Transfers out of level 3 other financial liabilities during 2023 pri marily reflected transfers of certain hybrid financial instruments included in unsecured long- and short-term borrowings to level 2 (principally due to increased price transparency of certain volatility inputs used to value these instruments). 
 Level 3 Rollforward Commentary for the Year Ended December 2022. The net realized and unrealized gains on level 3 other financial liabilities of billion (reflecting million of net realized losses and billion of net unrealized gains) for 2022 included gains/(losses) of billion reported in market making, million reported in other principal transactions and ) million reported in interest expense in the consolidated statements of earnings, and million reported in debt valuation adjustment in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 The net unrealized gains on level 3 other financial liabilities for 2022 primarily reflected gains on certain hybrid financial instruments included in unsecured long- and short-term borrowings (principally due to a decrease in global equity prices and an increase in interest rates). 
 Transfers into level 3 other financial liabilities during 2022 primarily reflected transfers of certain hybrid financial instruments included in unsecured long- and short-term borrowings from level 2 (principally due to reduced transparency of certain volatility and correlation inputs used to value these instruments). 
 Transfers out of level 3 other financial liabilities during 2022 primarily reflected transfers of certain hybrid financial instruments included in unsecured long- and short-term borrowings to level 2 (principally due to increased price transparency of certain volatility and correlation inputs used to value these instruments) and transfers of certain other secured financings to level 2 (principally due to certain unobservable yield and duration inputs no longer being significant to the valuation of these instruments). 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 157 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 6. 
 Derivatives Total As of December 2022 Trading cash instruments Derivatives Total 
 See Note 5 for further information about trading cash instruments and Note 7 for further information about derivatives. 
 Gains and Losses from Market Making 
 ) ) Credit Currencies Equities Commodities Total 

158 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 7. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 159 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

OTC-cleared Bilateral OTC Total interest rates OTC-cleared Bilateral OTC Total credit Exchange-traded OTC-cleared Bilateral OTC Total currencies Exchange-traded OTC-cleared Bilateral OTC Total commodities Exchange-traded OTC-cleared Bilateral OTC Total equities Subtotal Accounted for as hedges Bilateral OTC Total interest rates OTC-cleared Bilateral OTC Total currencies Subtotal Total gross fair value Offset in the consolidated balance sheets 
 Exchange-traded ) ) ) ) OTC-cleared ) ) ) ) Bilateral OTC ) ) ) ) Counterparty netting ) ) ) ) OTC-cleared ) ) ) ) Bilateral OTC ) ) ) ) Cash collateral netting ) ) ) ) Total amounts offset ) ) ) ) Included in the consolidated balance sheets Exchange-traded OTC-cleared Bilateral OTC Total Not offset in the consolidated balance sheets 
 Cash collateral ) ) ) ) Securities collateral ) ) ) ) Total 

OTC-cleared Bilateral OTC Total interest rates Exchange-traded OTC-cleared Bilateral OTC Total credit Exchange-traded OTC-cleared Bilateral OTC Total currencies Exchange-traded OTC-cleared Bilateral OTC Total commodities Exchange-traded OTC-cleared Bilateral OTC Total equities Subtotal Accounted for as hedges OTC-cleared Bilateral OTC Total interest rates OTC-cleared Bilateral OTC Total currencies Subtotal Total notional amounts 
 In the tables above: 
 Gross fair values exclude the effects of both counterparty netting and collateral, and therefore are not representative of the firm s exposure. 
 Where the firm has received or posted collateral under credit support agreements, but has not yet determined such agreements are enforceable, the related collateral has not been netted. 
 Notional amounts, which represent the sum of gross long and short derivative contracts, provide an indication of the volume of the firm s derivative activity and do not represent anticipated losses. 
 billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022, a nd billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022, which are not subject to an enforceable netting agreement or are subject to a netting agreement that the firm has not yet determined to be enforceable. 

160 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Credit Currencies Commodities Equities Counterparty netting in tenors ) ) ) ) Subtotal Cross-tenor counterparty netting ) Cash collateral netting ) Total OTC derivative assets Liabilities 
 Interest rates Credit Currencies Commodities Equities Counterparty netting in tenors ) ) ) ) Subtotal Cross-tenor counterparty netting ) Cash collateral netting ) Total OTC derivative liabilities As of December 2022 Assets Interest rates Credit Currencies Commodities Equities Counterparty netting in tenors ) ) ) ) Subtotal Cross-tenor counterparty netting ) Cash collateral netting ) Total OTC derivative assets Liabilities 
 Interest rates Credit Currencies Commodities Equities Counterparty netting in tenors ) ) ) ) Subtotal Cross-tenor counterparty netting ) Cash collateral netting ) Total OTC derivative liabilities 

See Note 4 for an overview of the firm s fair value measurement policies, valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine the fair value of derivatives, and Note 5 for information about derivatives within the fair value hierarchy. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 161 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1 - 5 years Greater than 5 years Total Maximum Payout/Notional Amount of Purchased Credit Derivatives 
 Offsetting Other Total 
 Fair Value of Written Credit Derivatives Asset Liability Net asset/(liability) ) As of December 2022 Maximum Payout/Notional Amount of Written Credit Derivatives by Tenor Less than 1 year 1 - 5 years Greater than 5 years Total Maximum Payout/Notional Amount of Purchased Credit Derivatives 
 Offsetting Other Total Fair Value of Written Credit Derivatives Asset Liability Net asset/(liability) ) ) ) 
 In the table above: 
 Fair values exclude the effects of both netting of receivable balances with payable balances under enforceable netting agreements, and netting of cash received or posted under enforceable credit support agreements, and therefore are not representative of the firm s credit exposure. 
 Tenor is based on remaining contractual maturity. 
 The credit spread on the underlier, together with the tenor of the contract, are indicators of payment/performance risk. The firm is less likely to pay or otherwise be required to perform where the credit spread and the tenor are lower. 
 Offsetting purchased credit derivatives represent the notional amount of purchased credit derivatives that economically hedge written credit derivatives with identical underliers. 
 Other purchased credit derivatives represent the notional amount of all other purchased credit derivatives not included in offsetting. 

162 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 FVA, net of hedges ) Total ) 
 Bifurcated Embedded Derivatives 
 Fair value of liabilities ) ) Net asset/(liability) ) 
 Notional amount 
 
 In the table above, derivatives that have been bifurcated from their related borrowings are recorded at fair value and primarily consist of interest rate, equity and commodity products. These derivatives are included in unsecured short- and long-term borrowings, as well as other secured financings, with the related borrowings. 

Collateral posted Additional collateral or termination payments: One-notch downgrade Two-notch downgrade 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 163 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Hedged investments ) Gains/(losses) Borrowings and deposits 
 Interest rate hedges ) ) Hedged borrowings and deposits ) Gains/(losses) ) ) ) 
 ) Liabilities Deposits ) Unsecured short-term borrowings ) Unsecured long-term borrowings ) As of December 2022 Assets Investments ) Liabilities Deposits ) Unsecured short-term borrowings ) Unsecured long-term borrowings ) 
 In the table above: 
 Cumulative hedging adjustment included ) billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022 of hedging adjustments from prior hedging relationships that were de-designated and substantially all were related to unsecured long-term borrowings. 
 The amortized cost of investments was billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. 

In addition, cumulative hedging adjustments for items no longer designated in a hedging relationship were t material as of December 2023 and were million as of December 2022, primarily related to unsecured long-term borrowings. 
 million (reflecting a loss of million related to hedges and a gain of million on the related hedged available-for-sale securities) for 2023 and were million (reflecting a gain of million related to hedges and a loss of million on the related hedged available-for-sale securities) for 2022. The gross and net gains/(losses) were material for 2021. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 The firm seeks to reduce the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on its net investments in certain non-U.S. operations through the use of foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency-denominated debt. For foreign currency forward contracts designated as hedges, the effectiveness of the hedge is assessed based on the overall changes in the fair value of the forward contracts (i.e., based on changes in forward rates). For foreign currency-denominated debt designated as a hedge, the effectiveness of the hedge is assessed based on changes in spot rates. For qualifying net investment hedges, all gains or losses on the hedging instruments are included in currency translation.) Foreign currency-denominated debt ) ) 

164 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million (reflecting a gain of million related to hedges and a loss of million on the related net investments in non-U.S. operations) for 2023. The gross and net gains/(losses) reclassified to earnings from accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) were t material for both 2022 and 2021. 
 billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022 of foreign currency-denominated debt, included in unsecured long- and short-term borrowings, as hedges of net investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries. 
 
 Note 8. 
 Debt instruments, at fair value Available-for-sale securities, at fair value Investments, at fair value Held-to-maturity securities Equity-method investments 
 Total investments 
 See Note 4 for an overview of the firm s fair value measurement policies, valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine the fair value of investments, and Note 5 for information about investments within the fair value hierarchy. 

Equity Type Public equity Private equity Total Asset Class Corporate Real estate Total 
 In the table above: 
 Equity securities, at fair value included investments accounted for at fair value under the fair value option where the firm would otherwise apply the equity method of accounting of billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. Gains/(losses) recognized as a result of changes in the fair value of equity securities for which the fair value option was elected were ) million for 2023 and ) million for 2022. These gains/(losses) are included in other principal transactions. 
 Equity securities, at fair value included billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022 of investments in funds that are measured at NAV. 
 Debt Instruments, at Fair Value. Debt instruments, at fair value primarily includes mezzanine, senior and distressed debt. 
 Securities backed by real estate Money market instruments Other Total 
 In the table above: 
 Substantially all of the firm s money market instruments consist of time deposits. 
 billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022 of investments in credit funds that are measured at NAV. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 165 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Credit funds Hedge funds Real estate funds Total As of December 2022 Private equity funds Credit funds Hedge funds Real estate funds Total 

1 year to 5 years 5 years to 10 years Total U.S. government obligations Less than 1 year 
 1 year to 5 years 
 5 years to 10 years 
 Total non-U.S. government obligations Total available-for-sale securities As of December 2022 Less than 1 year 1 year to 5 years 5 years to 10 years Total U.S. government obligations 1 year to 5 years 
 5 years to 10 years 
 Total non-U.S. government obligations Total available-for-sale securities 
 In the table above: 
 The weighted average yield for available-for-sale securities is presented on a pre-tax basis and computed using the effective interest rate of each security at the end of the period, weighted based on the fair value of each security. 
 The gross unrealized gains included in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) were material and the gross unrealized losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) were billion as of December 2023 and primarily related to U.S. government obligations in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than a year. The gross unrealized gains included in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) were material and the gross unrealized losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) were billion as of December 2022 and primarily related to U.S. government obligations in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than a year. Net unrealized gains/(losses) included in other comprehensive income/(loss) were billion billion, net of tax) for 2023 and ) billion ( billion, net of tax) for 2022. 
 Substantially all available-for-sale securities were classified in level 1 of the fair value hierarchy as of both December 2023 and December 2022. 

166 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 ) ) Proceeds from sales 
 Proceeds from maturities 
 Gross realized gains 
 Gross realized losses 
 ) Net gains/(losses) 

1 year to 5 years 5 years to 10 years Total government obligations 
 1 year to 5 years 
 Greater than 10 years Total securities backed by real estate Total held-to-maturity securities As of December 2022 Less than 1 year 1 year to 5 years 5 years to 10 years Total government obligations 
 5 years to 10 years Greater than 10 years Total securities backed by real estate Total held-to-maturity securities 

million as of December 2023 and were t material as of December 2022. The gross unrealized losses were million as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. ) ) Proceeds from paydowns and maturities 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 167 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 9. 
 Commercial real estate Residential real estate Securities-based 
 Other collateralized 
 Consumer: Installment Credit cards Other Total loans, gross Allowance for loan losses ) ) Total loans As of December 2022 Loan Type Corporate Commercial real estate Residential real estate Securities-based 
 Other collateralized 
 Consumer: Installment Credit cards Other Total loans, gross Allowance for loan losses ) ) Total loans 
 
 million, which was more than offset by a related reduction in reserves of million in provision for credit losses. 
 During 2023, in connection with the planned sale of GreenSky, the firm transferred the entire GreenSky installment loan portfolio of approximately billion to held for sale. See Note 18 for information about related commitments that were classified as held for sale. As a result, the firm recognized net revenues of ) million, which were more than offset by a related reduction in reserves of million in provision for credit losses. During the fourth quarter of 2023, the firm completed the sale of approximately billion of this portfolio and the remaining portfolio is expected to be sold in the first quarter of 2024. 
 During 2023, the firm transferred approximately billion of the GM co-branded credit card portfolio to held for sale. As a result, the firm recognized a reduction in reserves of million in provision for credit losses. 
 During 2023, the firm purchased a portfolio of approximately billion of private equity capital call credit facilities (including approximately billion of funded loans) from the FDIC s auction of Signature Bank s loans. As of December 2023, the outstanding balance of such loans was approximately billion and the related remaining lending commitments were approximately billion. See Note 18 for further information about lending commitments. 
 Substantially all loans had floating interest rates as of both December 2023 and December 2022. 

168 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

See Note 4 for an overview of the firm s fair value measurement policies, valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine the fair value of loans, and Note 5 for information about loans within the fair value hierarchy. 
 billion in real estate (warehouse loans) and other collateralized loans. For consumer loans and for loans that are not assigned an internal credit rating, the firm reviews certain key metrics, including, but not limited to, the Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) credit scores, delinquency status, collateral value and other risk factors. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023, the firm began to assess the credit quality of all U.S. residential mortgage loans extended to wealth management clients using FICO credit scores, loan-to-value ratios and delinquency, instead of an internal credit rating, as the firm believes that these metrics better reflect the credit quality of such loans. In the table below, prior period amounts have been conformed to reflect the current methodology. The impact to residential real estate loans as of December 2022 was a decrease in loans classified as investment-grade of billion, a decrease in loans classified as non-investment-grade of billion and an increase in other metrics of billion. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 169 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Fair value Held for sale Total Loan Type Corporate Real estate: Commercial Residential Securities-based 
 Other collateralized 
 Consumer: Installment Credit cards Other Total Secured Unsecured Total As of December 2022 Accounting Method Amortized cost Fair value Held for sale Total Loan Type Corporate Real estate: Commercial Residential Securities-based 
 Other collateralized 
 Consumer: Installment Credit cards Other Total Secured Unsecured Total 

and were performing in accordance with the contractual terms. Additionally, as of both December 2023 and December 2022, the vast majority of such loans had a FICO credit score of greater than . 
 Substantially all securities-based loans included in the other metrics/unrated category had a loan-to-value ratio of less than and were performing in accordance with the contractual terms as of both December 2023 and December 2022. 
 For installment and credit card loans included in the other metrics/unrated category, the evaluation of credit quality incorporates the borrower s FICO credit score. FICO credit scores are periodically refreshed by the firm to assess the updated creditworthiness of the borrower. See Vintage below for information about installment and credit card loans by FICO credit scores. 
 The firm also assigns a regulatory risk rating to its loans based on the definitions provided by the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies. Total loans included of loans as of December 2023 and of loans as of December 2022 that were rated pass/non-criticized. 

170 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 or earlier Revolving Corporate 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 or earlier Revolving Revolving converted to term Commercial real estate 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 or earlier Revolving Residential real estate 2023 2022 2018 or earlier Revolving Securities-based 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 or earlier Revolving Revolving converted to term Other collateralized 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 or earlier Revolving Other Total Percentage of total 

2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 or earlier Revolving Corporate 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 or earlier Revolving Revolving converted to term Commercial real estate 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 or earlier Revolving Residential real estate 2022 2018 2017 or earlier Revolving Securities-based 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 or earlier Revolving Revolving converted to term Other collateralized 2022 2021 2020 2019 2017 or earlier Revolving Other Total Percentage of total 
 
 Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023, revolving loans that were converted to term loans are presented in a separate line in the table above. Prior to the fourth quarter of 2023, such loans were presented within the table by the year of origination and the total amount of revolving loans which converted to term loans was disclosed separately. Prior period amounts have been conformed to the current presentation. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 171 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2022 2021 or earlier Installment Credit cards Total Percentage of total: Installment Credit cards Total As of December 2022 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 or earlier Installment Credit cards Total Percentage of total: Installment Credit cards Total 
 
 Credit Concentrations. 
 Commercial real estate Residential real estate Securities-based 
 Other collateralized 
 Consumer: Installment Credit cards Other Total As of December 2022 Corporate Commercial real estate Residential real estate Securities-based 
 Other collateralized 
 Consumer: Installment Credit cards Other Total 

for technology, media telecommunications, for diversified industrials, for real estate, for consumer retail and for healthcare. 
 for technology, media telecommunications, for diversified industrials, for real estate, for healthcare and for consumer retail. 
 Commercial real estate Residential real estate Securities-based 
 Other collateralized 
 Consumer: Installment Credit cards Other Total Total divided by gross loans at amortized cost As of December 2022 Corporate Commercial real estate Residential real estate Securities-based 
 Other collateralized 
 Consumer: Installment Credit cards Other Total Total divided by gross loans at amortized cost 

172 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Commercial real estate Residential real estate Other collateralized 
 Other Installment Total Total divided by gross loans at amortized cost 
 In the table above: 
 Nonaccrual loans included million as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022 of loans that were 30 days or more past due. 
 Loans that were 90 days or more past due and still accruing were not material as of both December 2023 and December 2022. 
 Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total nonaccrual loans was as of December 2023 and as of December 2022. 

In certain circumstances, the firm may modify the original terms of a loan agreement by granting a concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty, typically in the form of a modification of loan covenants, but may also include forbearance of interest or principal, payment extensions or interest rate reductions. These modifications, to the extent significant, were considered TDRs as of December 2022. In January 2023, the firm adopted ASU No. 2022-02, which eliminated the recognition and measurement guidance for TDRs and requires enhanced disclosures for certain loan modifications. As of December 2022, loans modified in a TDR were million and commitments related to such loans were not material. Substantially all of such loans modified in a TDR were related to corporate and commercial real estate loans. During 2023, the firm provided loan modifications (in the form of term extensions) to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. As of December 2023, the carrying value of loans modified during 2023 was million. Lending commitments related to such loans were not material and such loan modifications were primarily related to corporate and commercial real estate loans. The impact of these modifications was not material for 2023. During 2023, the firm charged-off approximately million of loans that had defaulted after being modified. Substantially all of the remaining modified loans were performing in accordance with the modified contractual terms as of December 2023. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 173 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Commercial real estate Residential real estate Securities-based 
 Other collateralized 
 Other Consumer Installment Credit cards Total 
 In the table above, wholesale loans included billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022 of nonaccrual loans for which the allowance for credit losses was measured on an asset-specific basis. The allowance for credit losses on these loans was million as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022. These loans included million as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022 of loans which did not require a reserve as the loan was deemed to be recoverable. 
 See Note 18 for further information about lending commitments. 

174 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Allowance for Credit Losses Rollforward 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs)/recoveries ) ) ) Provision Other ) ) Ending balance Allowance ratio Net charge-off ratio Allowance for losses on lending commitments Beginning balance Provision ) ) ) Other ) ) Ending balance Year Ended December 2022 Allowance for loan losses Beginning balance Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs)/recoveries ) ) ) Provision Other ) ) Ending balance Allowance ratio Net charge-off ratio Allowance for losses on lending commitments Beginning balance Provision ) Other ) ) Ending balance 
 In the table above: 
 The allowance ratio is calculated by dividing the allowance for loan losses by gross loans accounted for at amortized cost. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 175 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 2024 June 2025 Growth in U.S. GDP Forecast for the year: 2024 2025 2026 
 The adverse economic scenario of the forecast model reflects a global recession in the first quarter of 2024 through the first quarter of 2025, resulting in an economic contraction and rising unemployment rates. In this scenario, the U.S. unemployment rate peaks at approximately during the first quarter of 2025 and the maximum decline in the quarterly U.S. GDP relative to the fourth quarter of 2023 is approximately , which occurs during the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 In the table above: 
 U.S. unemployment rate represents the rate forecasted as of the respective quarter-end. 
 Growth in U.S. GDP represents the year-over-year growth rate forecasted for the respective years. 

Allowance for Credit Losses Commentary 
 Year Ended December 2023. The allowance for credit losses decreased by million during 2023, reflecting a net release related to the GreenSky installment loan portfolio (including a reserve reduction of million related to the partial sale and transfer of the portfolio to held for sale), a reserve reduction of million associated with the sale of Marcus loans, a reserve reduction of million related to the transfer of the GM co-branded credit card portfolio to held for sale, a reserve release in the consumer portfolio based on actual repayment experience and lower balances in corporate loans due to sales and paydowns, partially offset by asset-specific provisions and ratings downgrades in the wholesale portfolio and seasoning of the credit card portfolio. 
 Charge-offs for 2023 for wholesale loans (principally related to term loans originated in 2021 and revolving loans) were primarily related to corporate loans and charge-offs for consumer loans were primarily related to credit cards. 
 Year Ended December 2022. The allowance for credit losses increased by billion during 2022, reflecting growth in the firm s consumer lending portfolio (principally in credit cards) and higher modeled expected losses due to broad macroeconomic and geopolitical concerns. In addition, the allowance for credit losses for wholesale loans was impacted by asset-specific provisions and ratings downgrades primarily related to borrowers in the technology, media telecommunications, real estate, and consumer retail industries. 
 Charge-offs for 2022 for wholesale loans were primarily related to corporate loans and charge-offs for consumer loans were primarily related to credit cards. 
 Estimated Fair Value 
 Held for sale As of December 2022 Amortized cost Held for sale 
 See Note 4 for an overview of the firm s fair value measurement policies, valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine the fair value of loans, and Note 5 for information about loans within the fair value hierarchy. 

176 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 10. 

) Unsecured long-term borrowings ) ) Other ) ) Total ) ) 
 In the table above: 
 Gains/(losses) were substantially all included in market making. 
 Gains/(losses) exclude contractual interest, which is included in interest income and interest expense, for all instruments other than hybrid financial instruments. See Note 23 for further information about interest income and interest expense. 
 Gains/(losses) included in unsecured short- and long-term borrowings were substantially all related to the embedded derivative component of hybrid financial instruments. These gains and losses would have been recognized under other U.S. GAAP even if the firm had not elected to account for the entire hybrid financial instrument at fair value. 
 Gains/(losses) included in other were primarily related to resale and repurchase agreements, deposits and other secured financings. 
 Other financial assets and liabilities at fair value are frequently economically hedged with trading assets and liabilities. Accordingly, gains or losses on such other financial assets and liabilities can be partially offset by gains or losses on trading assets and liabilities. As a result, gains or losses on other financial assets and liabilities do not necessarily represent the overall impact on the firm s results of operations, liquidity or capital resources. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 177 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million as of December 2023. The related amount was material as of December 2022. 
 The aggregate contractual principal amount of unsecured long-term borrowings, for which the fair value option was elected, exceeded the related fair value by billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. 
 These debt instruments include both principal-protected and non-principal-protected long-term borrowings.) After-tax DVA 
 ) 
 In the table above: 
 After-tax DVA is included in debt valuation adjustment in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 The gains/(losses) reclassified to market making in the consolidated statements of earnings from accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) upon extinguishment of such financial liabilities were not material for 2023, 2022 or 2021. 

Loans on nonaccrual status and/or more than 90 days past due Aggregate contractual principal in excess of fair value Aggregate fair value 
 
 The fair value of unfunded lending commitments for which the fair value option was elected was a liability of million as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022, and the related total contractual amount of these lending commitments was million as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022. See Note 18 for further information about lending commitments.) million for 2023, ) million for 2022 and million for 2021. 

178 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 11. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 179 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Counterparty netting ) ) ) ) Total Amounts not offset Counterparty netting ) ) ) ) Collateral ) ) ) ) Total As of December 2022 Included in the consolidated balance sheets Gross carrying value Counterparty netting ) ) ) ) Total Amounts not offset Counterparty netting ) ) ) ) Collateral ) ) ) ) Total 
 In the table above: 
 Substantially all of the gross carrying values of these arrangements are subject to enforceable netting agreements. 
 Where the firm has received or posted collateral under credit support agreements, but has not yet determined such agreements are enforceable, the related collateral has not been netted. 
 Amounts not offset includes counterparty netting that does not meet the criteria for netting under U.S. GAAP and the fair value of collateral received or posted subject to enforceable credit support agreements. 
 Resale agreements included in the consolidated balance sheets of billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022 and all repurchase agreements included in the consolidated balance sheets are carried at fair value under the fair value option. See Note 4 for further information about the valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine fair value. 
 Securities borrowed included in the consolidated balance sheets of billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022, and securities loaned included in the consolidated balance sheets of billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022 were at fair value under the fair value option. See Note 5 for further information about securities borrowed and securities loaned accounted for at fair value. 

Gross Carrying Value of Repurchase Agreements and Securities Loaned 
 U.S. government and agency obligations Non-U.S. government and agency obligations Securities backed by commercial real estate Securities backed by residential real estate Corporate debt securities State and municipal obligations Other debt obligations 
 Equity securities Total As of December 2022 Money market instruments U.S. government and agency obligations Non-U.S. government and agency obligations Securities backed by commercial real estate Securities backed by residential real estate Corporate debt securities State and municipal obligations Other debt obligations Equity securities Total 
 The table below presents the gross carrying value of repurchase agreements and securities loaned by maturity. 
 As of December 2023 in millions Repurchase agreements Securities loaned No stated maturity and overnight 2 - 30 days 31 - 90 days 91 days - 1 year Greater than 1 year Total 
 In the table above: 
 Repurchase agreements and securities loaned that are repayable prior to maturity at the option of the firm are reflected at their contractual maturity dates. 

180 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Other secured financings included nonrecourse arrangements. Nonrecourse other secured financings were billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. 

At amortized cost Other secured financings (long-term): At fair value At amortized cost Total other secured financings Other secured financings collateralized by: Financial instruments Other assets As of December 2022 Other secured financings (short-term): At fair value At amortized cost Other secured financings (long-term): At fair value At amortized cost Total other secured financings Other secured financings collateralized by: Financial instruments Other assets 
 In the table above: 
 Short-term other secured financings includes financings maturing within one year of the financial statement date and financings that are redeemable within one year of the financial statement date at the option of the holder. 
 U.S. dollar-denominated short-term other secured financings at amortized cost had a weighted average interest rate of as of December 2022. This rate includes the effect of hedging activities. 
 Non-U.S. dollar-denominated short-term other secured financings at amortized cost had a weighted average interest rate of as of December 2023. This rate includes the effect of hedging activities. 
 U.S. dollar-denominated long-term other secured financings at amortized cost had a weighted average interest rate of as of December 2023 and as of December 2022. These rates include the effect of hedging activities. 
 Non-U.S. dollar-denominated long-term other secured financings at amortized cost had a weighted average interest rate of as of December 2022. This rate includes the effect of hedging activities. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 181 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022 related to transfers of financial assets accounted for as financings rather than sales. Such financings were collateralized by financial assets, primarily included in trading assets, of billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. 
 billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022 of other secured financings collateralized by trading assets, investments and loans, and included billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022 of other secured financings collateralized by financial instruments received as collateral and repledged. 
 Other secured financings (long-term): 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 - thereafter Total other secured financings (long-term) Total other secured financings 
 In the table above: 
 Long-term other secured financings that are repayable prior to maturity at the option of the firm are reflected at their contractual maturity dates. 

Collateral that was delivered or repledged 
 Pledged to counterparties that did not have the right to deliver or repledge Trading assets Investments Loans Other assets 
 In the table above, the firm revised the amount previously reported as investments pledged to counterparties (that had the right to deliver or repledge) as of December 2022 from billion to . As a result, that line was removed from the table and from the parenthetical disclosure on the consolidated balance sheets. In addition, in the table above, the firm revised the amount previously reported as investments pledged to counterparties (that did not have the right to deliver or repledge) as of December 2022 from billion to billion. These revisions were not material to the firm's consolidated financial statements, only impacted the lines noted above and had no impact on the firm's results of operations or cash flows. 
 billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. 

182 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 12. 
 Goodwill Identifiable intangible assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Income tax-related assets Miscellaneous receivables and other Total 
 Property, Leasehold Improvements and Equipment 
 Property, leasehold improvements and equipment is net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. Property, leasehold improvements and equipment included billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022 that the firm uses in connection with its operations, and million as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022 of foreclosed real estate. The remainder is held by investment entities, including VIEs, consolidated by the firm. . 

billion during 2023, related to commercial real estate included in CIEs within Asset Wealth Management. In addition, the firm had impairments of million during 2023, related to capitalized software substantially all within Platform Solutions and Asset Wealth Management. The firm had impairments of million during 2022 and million during 2021 primarily related to CIEs within Asset Wealth Management. 
 
 FICC 
 Equities 
 Asset Wealth Management: 
 Asset management Wealth management Platform Solutions: Consumer platforms 
 Transaction banking and other 
 Total 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 183 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million as a result of an updated purchase price allocation related to the GreenSky acquisition. During the second quarter of 2023, in connection with the exploration of a potential sale of GreenSky, the firm performed a quantitative goodwill test and determined that the goodwill associated with Consumer platforms was impaired, and accordingly, recorded a million impairment. 

In the fourth quarter of 2023, the firm performed its annual assessment of goodwill for impairment, for each of its reporting units with goodwill, by performing a qualitative assessment. Multiple factors were assessed with respect to each of these reporting units to determine whether it was more likely than not that the estimated fair value of each of those reporting units was less than its carrying value. The qualitative assessment also considered changes since a quantitative test across all of the firm's reporting units was last performed in 2022. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2023, the firm considered the following factors in the qualitative annual assessment: 
 Performance Indicators. For 2023, the firm generated higher net revenues net of provision for credit losses and increased book value per share, although overall performance declined compared with 2022. This decline reflected the firm s continued execution on the narrowing of its strategic focus, which had a negative impact on net earnings. Within the reporting units with goodwill, there continued to be solid fundamentals underlying our businesses, where the firm continued to maintain industry leadership positions and execute on strategic goals. 
 Macroeconomic Indicators. Despite broad macroeconomic and geopolitical concerns, the global economy continued to grow in 2023. 
 Firm and Industry Events. There were no events, entity-specific or otherwise, that would have had a significant negative impact on the valuation of the firm s reporting units with goodwill. 
 Fair Value Indicators. Since the 2022 quantitative test, changes in the fair value indicators in the market did not have a significant negative impact on the valuation of the firm s reporting units with goodwill. 
 As a result of the qualitative assessment, the firm determined that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with goodwill exceeded its respective carrying value. Therefore, the firm determined that goodwill for each reporting unit was not impaired and that a quantitative goodwill test was not required. 

184 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Accumulated amortization ) ) Net carrying value Other 
 Gross carrying value Accumulated amortization ) ) Net carrying value Total gross carrying value Total accumulated amortization ) ) Total net carrying value 
 In the table above: 
 Other includes acquired leases and merchant relationships related to GreenSky. Previously, merchant relationships were included in customer lists and merchant relationships but were reclassified to other in conjunction with the planned sale of GreenSky. Prior period amounts have been conformed to the current presentation. 
 The decrease in the net carrying value of identifiable intangible assets from December 2022 to December 2023 was primarily attributable to the million write-down related to GreenSky. These identifiable intangible assets, which are included within Platform Solutions, were classified as held for sale in connection with the planned sale of GreenSky and had a net carrying value of million as of December 2023 . 
 During 2023, the amount of identifiable intangible assets acquired by the firm was material. The firm acquired approximately billion of identifiable intangible assets (with a weighted average amortization period of years) during 2022, substantially all in connection with the acquisitions of GreenSky and NN Investment Partners. Substantially all of these identifiable intangible assets consisted of customer lists and merchant relationships. 

In the table above, amortization for 2023 included the million write-down related to GreenSky, which is included in depreciation and amortization. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 
 here were no material impairments or write-downs during 2023, 2022 or 2021. 
 Right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities recognized (in non-cash transactions for leases entered into or assumed) by the firm were million for 2023, million for 2022 and million for 2021. See Note 15 for information about operating lease liabilities. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 185 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

There were no material impairments or accelerated amortizations during either 2023 or 2022. 
 Miscellaneous Receivables and Other 
 Miscellaneous receivables and other included: 
 Funded investments in qualified affordable housing projects of billion as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022. These projects are generally organized as limited partnerships or similar entities and a third-party is typically the general partner or the managing member. The firm invests in the entity as a limited partner and receives tax credits for such investments. The firm accounts for these investments using the proportional amortization method such that the investment is amortized in proportion to the income tax credits received on such investments. The amortization of investments and the related income tax credit are recorded as a component of the provision for taxes. During 2023, the firm recognized amortization of million and income tax credits and related tax benefits of million, during 2022, the firm recognized amortization of million and income tax credits and related tax benefits of million and during 2021, the firm recognized amortization of million and income tax credits and related tax benefits of million. Miscellaneous receivables and other also included accrued unfunded commitments related to investments in qualified affordable housing projects of billion as of December 2023. See Note 18 for further information about the firm s commitments to invest in qualified affordable housing projects. 
 Assets classified as held for sale were million as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022. See below for further information. 

million in provision for credit losses and a markdown of million to reflect the loan portfolio at the lower of its carrying value or fair value less cost to sell, the firm wrote down million of net assets related to GreenSky (included in depreciation and amortization). As of December 2023, the assets related to GreenSky were approximately billion and consisted of loans of approximately billion (included in loans), segregated cash of approximately million (included in cash and cash equivalents), identifiable intangible assets of approximately million (included in identifiable intangible assets within other assets) and other assets of approximately million (included in miscellaneous receivables and other within other assets). See Note 9 for further information about loans classified as held for sale, above for further information about identifiable intangible assets, and Note 15 for information about liabilities classified as held for sale. 
 Assets held for sale also included million as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022 of assets related to certain of the firm s consolidated investments within Asset Wealth Management. Substantially all of these assets consisted of property and equipment and were included in miscellaneous receivables and other within other assets. 

186 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 13. 
 Private bank 
 Brokered certificates of deposit Deposit sweep programs Transaction banking Other Total As of December 2022 Consumer Private bank 
 Brokered certificates of deposit Deposit sweep programs Transaction banking Other Total 
 In the table above: 
 Substantially all deposits are interest-bearing. 
 Savings and demand accounts consist of money market deposit accounts, negotiable order of withdrawal accounts and demand deposit accounts that have no stated maturity or expiration date. 
 Time deposits included billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022 of deposits accounted for at fair value under the fair value option. See Note 10 for further information about deposits accounted for at fair value. 
 Time deposits had a weighted average maturity of approximately years as of December 2023 and years as of December 2022. 
 Consumer deposits consist of deposits from both Marcus and Apple Card customers. 
 Deposit sweep programs include contractual agreements with U.S. broker-dealers who sweep client cash to FDIC-insured deposits. 
 Transaction banking deposits consist of deposits that the firm raised through its cash management services business for corporate and other institutional clients. 
 Other deposits are substantially all from institutional clients. 
 Deposits insured by the FDIC were billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. 

billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. The decline in insured deposits from December 2022 reflected a change in an insurance program that became effective in January 2023, which reduced the population of deposit accounts eligible for insurance coverage and lowered the applicable insurance limits. 
 The table below presents the location of deposits. 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 U.S. offices Non-U.S. offices Total 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 - thereafter Total 
 As of December 2023, deposits in U.S. offices included billion and deposits in non-U.S. offices included billion of time deposits in denominations that met or exceeded the applicable insurance limits, or were otherwise not covered by insurance. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 187 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 14. 
 Unsecured long-term borrowings Total 
 Had these borrowings been included in the firm s fair value hierarchy, substantially all would have been classified in level 2 as of both December 2023 and December 2022. 
 Hybrid financial instruments Commercial paper Other unsecured short-term borrowings Total unsecured short-term borrowings Weighted average interest rate 
 In the table above: 
 The current portion of unsecured long-term borrowings included billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022 issued by Group Inc. 

Subsidiaries 
 Floating-rate obligations: Group Inc. Subsidiaries Total As of December 2022 Fixed-rate obligations: Group Inc. Subsidiaries Floating-rate obligations: Group Inc. Subsidiaries Total 
 In the table above: 
 Unsecured long-term borrowings consists principally of senior borrowings, which have maturities extending through 2061. 
 Floating-rate obligations includes equity-linked, credit-linked and indexed instruments. Floating interest rates are generally based on SOFR and Euro Interbank Offered Rate. In connection with the cessation of USD London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), as of July 1, 2023, the firm replaced the USD LIBOR rate with term SOFR plus the statutorily prescribed tenor spread. 
 U.S. dollar-denominated debt had interest rates ranging from to (with a weighted average rate of as of December 2023 and to (with a weighted average rate of as of December 2022. These rates exclude unsecured long-term borrowings accounted for at fair value under the fair value option. 
 Non-U.S. dollar-denominated debt had interest rates ranging from to (with a weighted average rate of as of December 2023 and to (with a weighted average rate of as of December 2022. These rates exclude unsecured long-term borrowings accounted for at fair value under the fair value option. 

188 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2026 2027 2028 2029 - thereafter Total 
 In the table above: 
 Unsecured long-term borrowings maturing within one year of the financial statement date and unsecured long-term borrowings that are redeemable within one year of the financial statement date at the option of the holder are excluded as they are included in unsecured short-term borrowings. 
 Unsecured long-term borrowings that are repayable prior to maturity at the option of the firm are reflected at their contractual maturity dates. 
 Unsecured long-term borrowings that are redeemable prior to maturity at the option of the holder are reflected at the earliest dates such options become exercisable.) billion of adjustments to the carrying value of certain unsecured long-term borrowings resulting from the application of hedge accounting by year of maturity as follows: ) million in 2025, ) million in 2026, ) billion in 2027, ) billion in 2028 and ) billion in 2029 and thereafter. 
 The firm designates certain derivatives as fair value hedges to convert a portion of fixed-rate unsecured long-term borrowings not accounted for at fair value into floating-rate obligations. See Note 7 for further information about hedging activities. 

At amortized cost Floating-rate obligations: At fair value At amortized cost Total As of December 2022 Fixed-rate obligations: At fair value At amortized cost Floating-rate obligations: At fair value At amortized cost Total 
 related to fixed-rate obligations and related to floating-rate obligations) as of December 2023 and related to fixed-rate obligations and related to floating-rate obligations) as of December 2022. These rates exclude unsecured long-term borrowings accounted for at fair value under the fair value option. 
 The carrying value of unsecured long-term borrowings for which the firm did not elect the fair value option was billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. The estimated fair value of such unsecured long-term borrowings was billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. As these borrowings are not accounted for at fair value, they are not included in the firm s fair value hierarchy in Notes 4 and 5. Had these borrowings been included in the firm s fair value hierarchy, substantially all would have been classified in level 2 as of both December 2023 and December 2022. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 189 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Long-term subordinated debt had maturities ranging from 2025 to 2045 as of both December 2023 and December 2022. 
 Junior subordinated debt Total As of December 2022 Subordinated debt Junior subordinated debt Total 
 In the table above: 
 The par amount of subordinated debt issued by Group Inc. was billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022, and the carrying value of subordinated debt issued by Group Inc. was billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. 

billion of junior subordinated debt to Goldman Sachs Capital I, a Delaware statutory trust. Goldman Sachs Capital I issued billion of guaranteed preferred beneficial interests (Trust Preferred securities) to third parties and million of common beneficial interests to Group Inc. As of both December 2023 and December 2022, the outstanding par amount of junior subordinated debt held by Goldman Sachs Capital I was million and the outstanding par amount of Trust Preferred securities and common beneficial interests issued by Goldman Sachs Capital I was million and million, respectively. Goldman Sachs Capital I is a wholly-owned finance subsidiary of the firm for regulatory and legal purposes but is not consolidated for accounting purposes. 
 and the debt matures on February 15, 2034. The coupon rate and the payment dates applicable to the beneficial interests are the same as the interest rate and payment dates for the junior subordinated debt. The firm has the right, from time to time, to defer payment of interest on the junior subordinated debt, and therefore cause payment on Goldman Sachs Capital I s preferred beneficial interests to be deferred, in each case up to ten consecutive semi-annual periods. During any such deferral period, the firm will not be permitted to, among other things, pay dividends on or make certain repurchases of its common stock. Goldman Sachs Capital I is not permitted to pay any distributions on the common beneficial interests held by Group Inc. unless all dividends payable on the preferred beneficial interests have been paid in full. 
 
 Note 15. 
 Income tax-related liabilities Operating lease liabilities Noncontrolling interests Employee interests in consolidated funds Accrued expenses and other Total 

190 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 - thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term years Weighted average discount rate As of December 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term years Weighted average discount rate 
 
 Operating lease costs were million for 2023, million for 2022 and million for 2021. Variable lease costs, which are included in operating lease costs, were not material for 2023, 2022 and 2021. Total occupancy expenses for space held in excess of the firm s current requirements were not material for 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Lease payments relating to operating lease arrangements that were signed but had not yet commenced were billion as of December 2023. 

million as of December 2023, substantially all of which related to GreenSky within Platform Solutions and consisted primarily of customer and other payables. Liabilities classified as held for sale were material as of December 2022. See Note 12 for further information about assets held for sale. 
 Contract liabilities, which represent consideration received by the firm in connection with its contracts with clients prior to providing the service, were million as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022. 
 Accrued unfunded commitments related to investments in qualified affordable housing projects were billion as of December 2023. See Note 18 for further information about the firm s commitments to invest in qualified affordable housing projects. 
 
 Note 16. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 191 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Commercial mortgages Other financial assets Total financial assets securitized Retained interests cash flows 
 The firm securitized assets of million during 2023, million during 2022 and million during 2021, in a non-cash exchange for loans and investments. 
 Other residential mortgage-backed Other commercial mortgage-backed Corporate debt and other asset-backed Total As of December 2022 U.S. government agency-issued CMOs Other residential mortgage-backed Other commercial mortgage-backed Corporate debt and other asset-backed Total 

billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. 
 In addition to the interests in the table above, the firm had other continuing involvement in the form of derivative transactions and commitments with certain nonconsolidated VIEs. The carrying value of these derivatives and commitments was a net asset of million as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022, and the notional amount of these derivatives and commitments was billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. The notional amounts of these derivatives and commitments are included in maximum exposure to loss in the nonconsolidated VIE table in Note 17. Additionally, during 2023, the firm provided seller financing of approximately billion in connection with the sale of billion of Marcus loans and received billion in principal and interest repayments from this financing. As of December 2023, the total outstanding principal amount of such seller financing was billion. 

192 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Weighted average life (years) Constant prepayment rate Impact of 10 adverse change ) ) Impact of 20 adverse change ) ) Discount rate Impact of 10 adverse change ) ) Impact of 20 adverse change ) ) 
 In the table above: 
 Amounts do not reflect the benefit of other financial instruments that are held to mitigate risks inherent in these retained interests. 
 Changes in fair value based on an adverse variation in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumptions to the change in fair value is not usually linear. 
 The impact of a change in a particular assumption is calculated independently of changes in any other assumption. In practice, simultaneous changes in assumptions might magnify or counteract the sensitivities disclosed above. 
 The constant prepayment rate is included only for positions for which it is a key assumption in the determination of fair value. 
 
 million and a weighted average life of years as of December 2023, and a fair value of million and a weighted average life of years as of December 2022. Due to the nature and fair value of certain of these retained interests, the weighted average assumptions for constant prepayment and discount rates and the related sensitivity to adverse changes are not meaningful as of both December 2023 and December 2022. The firm s maximum exposure to adverse changes in the value of these interests is the carrying value of million as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022. 

Note 17. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 193 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Nonconsolidated VIEs 
 Carrying value of variable interests assets Carrying value of variable interests liabilities Maximum exposure to loss: Retained interests Purchased interests Commitments and guarantees Derivatives Debt and equity Total 
 In the table above: 
 The nature of the firm s variable interests is described in the rows under maximum exposure to loss. 
 The firm s exposure to the obligations of VIEs is generally limited to its interests in these entities. In certain instances, the firm provides guarantees, including derivative guarantees, to VIEs or holders of variable interests in VIEs. 
 The maximum exposure to loss excludes the benefit of offsetting financial instruments that are held to mitigate the risks associated with these variable interests. 
 The maximum exposure to loss from retained interests, purchased interests, and debt and equity is the carrying value of these interests. 
 The maximum exposure to loss from commitments and guarantees, and derivatives is the notional amount, which does not represent anticipated losses and has not been reduced by unrealized losses. As a result, the maximum exposure to loss exceeds liabilities recorded for commitments and guarantees, and derivatives. 

194 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Carrying value of variable interests assets Maximum exposure to loss: Retained interests Purchased interests Commitments and guarantees Derivatives Total Real estate, credit- and power-related and other investing Assets in VIEs Carrying value of variable interests assets Carrying value of variable interests liabilities Maximum exposure to loss: Commitments and guarantees Debt and equity Total Corporate debt and other asset-backed 
 Assets in VIEs Carrying value of variable interests assets Carrying value of variable interests liabilities Maximum exposure to loss: Retained interests Purchased interests Commitments and guarantees Derivatives Debt and equity Total Investments in funds 
 Assets in VIEs Carrying value of variable interests assets Maximum exposure to loss: Commitments and guarantees Debt and equity Total 
 As of both December 2023 and December 2022, the carrying values of the firm s variable interests in nonconsolidated VIEs are included in the consolidated balance sheets as follows: 
 Mortgage-backed: Assets primarily included in trading assets and loans. 
 Real estate, credit- and power-related and other investing: Assets primarily included in investments and other assets, and liabilities included in trading liabilities and other liabilities. See Note 18 for further information about the firm s commitments to invest in qualified affordable housing projects. 
 Corporate debt and other asset-backed: Assets included in loans and trading assets, and liabilities included in trading liabilities. 
 Investments in funds: Assets included in investments. 

Consolidated VIEs 
 Customer and other receivables 
 Trading assets Investments Loans Other assets Total Liabilities Other secured financings Customer and other payables Trading liabilities Unsecured short-term borrowings Unsecured long-term borrowings Other liabilities Total 
 In the table above: 
 Assets and liabilities are presented net of intercompany eliminations and exclude the benefit of offsetting financial instruments that are held to mitigate the risks associated with the firm s variable interests. 
 VIEs in which the firm holds a majority voting interest are excluded if (i) the VIE meets the definition of a business and (ii) the VIE s assets can be used for purposes other than the settlement of its obligations. 
 Substantially all assets can only be used to settle obligations of the VIE. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 195 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Customer and other receivables 
 Trading assets Investments Loans Other assets Total Liabilities 
 Other secured financings Customer and other payables Trading liabilities Other liabilities Total Corporate debt and other asset-backed 
 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Trading assets Total Liabilities 
 Other secured financings Total Principal-protected notes 
 Assets Customer and other receivables Trading assets Total Liabilities 
 Other secured financings Unsecured short-term borrowings Unsecured long-term borrowings Total 

Note 18. 
 Non-investment-grade Warehouse financing Consumer 
 Total lending Risk participations Collateralized agreement Collateralized financing Investment Other Total commitments 
 The table below presents commitments by expiration. 
 As of December 2023 2025 - 2027 - 2029 - in millions 2024 2026 2028 Thereafter Commitment Type Commercial lending: Investment-grade Non-investment-grade Warehouse financing Consumer 
 Total lending Risk participations Collateralized agreement Collateralized financing Investment Other Total commitments 
 In the tables above, in 2023, the firm made certain changes to its methodology for determining internal credit ratings. See Note 9 for further information about these changes. Prior period amounts have been conformed to reflect the current methodology. The impact to December 2022 was an increase in commercial lending commitments classified as investment-grade and a decrease in commercial lending commitments classified as non-investment-grade of billion. 

196 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Held for sale At fair value Total 
 In the table above: 
 Held for investment lending commitments are accounted for at amortized cost. The carrying value of lending commitments was a liability of million (including allowance for credit losses of million) as of December 2023 and billion (including allowance for credit losses of million) as of December 2022. The estimated fair value of such lending commitments was a liability of billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. Had these lending commitments been carried at fair value and included in the fair value hierarchy, billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022 would have been classified in level 2, and billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022 would have been classified in level 3. 
 Held for sale lending commitments are accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value. The carrying value of lending commitments held for sale was a liability of million as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022. The estimated fair value of such lending commitments approximates the carrying value. Had these lending commitments been included in the fair value hierarchy, they would have been primarily classified in level 3 as of both December 2023 and December 2022. 

Such commitments primarily included billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022, related to relationship lending activities (principally used for operating and general corporate purposes), and billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022, related to other investment banking activities (generally extended for contingent acquisition financing and are often intended to be short-term in nature, as borrowers often seek to replace them with other funding sources). See Note 9 for further information about funded loans. 
 Consumer. The firm s consumer lending commitments includes: 
 Credit card lines issued by the firm to consumers were billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. As of December 2023, such credit card lines included billion of commitments classified as held for sale in connection with the planned sale of the GM co-branded credit card portfolio. These credit card lines are cancellable by the firm. 
 Commitments to provide unsecured installment loans to consumers were billion as of December 2023. As of December 2023, such commitments were classified as held for sale in connection with the planned sale of GreenSky. As of December 2022, commitments to provide unsecured installment loans to consumers were billion. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 197 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Investment Commitments 
 Investment commitments includes commitments to invest in private equity, real estate and other assets directly and through funds that the firm raises and manages. Investment commitments included million as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022, related to commitments to invest in funds managed by the firm. If these commitments are called, they would be funded at market value on the date of investment. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023, commitments to invest in qualified affordable housing projects (accounted for using the proportional amortization method) that are contingent upon a future event that is probable to occur, are recognized within other assets and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. Previously, such commitments were included in investment commitments. The impact of recognizing these commitments within other assets and other liabilities as of December 2022, would have been an increase in both other assets and other liabilities and a decrease in investment commitments of billion. 
 Contingencies 
 Legal Proceedings. See Note 27 for information about legal proceedings. 

Guarantees 
 Maximum Payout/Notional Amount by Period of Expiration 2024 2025 - 2026 2027 - 2028 2029 - thereafter Total As of December 2022 Carrying Value of Net Liability Maximum Payout/Notional Amount by Period of Expiration 2023 2024 - 2025 2026 - 2027 2028 - thereafter Total 
 In the table above: 
 The maximum payout is based on the notional amount of the contract and does not represent anticipated losses. 
 Amounts exclude certain commitments to issue standby letters of credit that are included in lending commitments. See the tables in Commitments above for a summary of the firm s commitments. 
 million as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022, and derivative liabilities of billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. 

198 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The maximum payout of such indemnifications was billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. Collateral held by the lenders in connection with securities lending indemnifications was as of December 2023 and as of December 2022. Because the contractual nature of these arrangements requires the firm to obtain collateral with a market value that exceeds the value of the securities lent to the borrower, there is minimal performance risk associated with these indemnifications. 

As a sponsoring member of the Government Securities Division of the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, the firm guarantees the performance of its sponsored member clients to the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation in connection with certain resale and repurchase agreements. To minimize potential losses on such guarantees, the firm obtains a security interest in the collateral that the sponsored client placed with the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation. Therefore, the risk of loss on such guarantees is minimal. The maximum payout on this guarantee was billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. The related collateral held was as of December 2023 and as of December 2022. 
 Other financial guarantees also include a guarantee that the firm has provided to the Government of Malaysia that it will receive, by August 2025, at least billion in assets and proceeds from assets seized by governmental authorities around the world related to 1Malaysia Development Berhad, a sovereign wealth fund in Malaysia (1MDB). In connection with this guarantee, the firm agreed to make a one-time interim payment of million towards the billion if the Government of Malaysia did not receive at least million in assets and proceeds by August 2022. The firm does not believe that any interim payment is required. Any amounts paid by the firm would, in any event, be subject to reimbursement in the event the assets and proceeds received by the Government of Malaysia through August 18, 2028 exceed billion. 
 On October 11, 2023, the firm filed a demand for arbitration alleging that the Government of Malaysia had, as of August 2022, recovered assets and proceeds well in excess of million; it had recovered substantial additional assets and proceeds that should be credited against the guarantee; and it had not used all reasonable efforts to recover other assets and proceeds that could be credited against the guarantee. On November 8, 2023, the Government of Malaysia filed a response to the firm s demand for arbitration in which it stated that it intends to counterclaim for payment of the interim payment (plus interest) on the basis that it had recovered less than million as of August 2022. The arbitral process is ongoing. See Note 27 for further information about matters related to 1MDB. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 199 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

200 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 19. 
 
 As of both December 2023 and December 2022, the firm had billion authorized shares of common stock and million authorized shares of nonvoting common stock, each with a par value of per share. 
 Average cost per share Total cost of common share repurchases 
 Under these plans, shares in 2023, shares in 2022 and shares in 2021 were remitted with a total value of million in 2023, million in 2022 and million in 2021, and the firm cancelled million share-based awards in 2023, million in 2022 and million in 2021, with a total value of billion in 2023, billion in 2022 and million in 2021. 
 
 On January 12, 2024, the Board of Directors of Group Inc. (Board) declared a dividend of per common share to be paid on March 28, 2024 to common shareholders of record on February 29, 2024. 

C D E N.A. F N.A. K O P Q R S T U V W Total 
 
 Series Earliest Redemption Date Liquidation Preference Redemption Value 
 in millions) 
 A Currently redeemable C Currently redeemable D Currently redeemable E Currently redeemable F Currently redeemable K May 10, 2024 O November 10, 2026 P Currently redeemable Q August 10, 2024 R February 10, 2025 S February 10, 2025 T May 10, 2026 U August 10, 2026 V November 10, 2026 W February 10, 2029 Total 
 In the tables above: 
 All shares have a par value of per share and, where applicable, each share is represented by the specified number of depositary shares. 
 The earliest redemption date represents the date on which each share of non-cumulative preferred stock is redeemable at the firm s option. 
 Prior to redeeming preferred stock, the firm must receive approval from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB). 
 In August 2023, the firm issued shares of Series W Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock (Series W Preferred Stock). 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 201 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

In 2023, the firm redeemed all outstanding shares of its Series J Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock (Series J Preferred Stock) with a redemption value of billion per share), plus accrued and unpaid dividends. The difference between the redemption value and net carrying value was million, which was recorded as an addition to preferred stock dividends in 2023. 
 In 2021, the firm redeemed all outstanding shares of its (i) Series N Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock with a redemption value of million per share), plus accrued and unpaid dividends and (ii) Series M Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock with a redemption value of billion per share), plus accrued and unpaid dividends. The difference between the redemption value and net carrying value at the time of these redemptions was million, which was recorded as an addition to preferred stock dividends in 2021. 
 The preferred stock issuance costs in the consolidated statements of shareholders equity reflects reclassifications of issuance costs to retained earnings on redemptions, net of issuance costs relating to new issuances. 

C 
 D 
 E 
 F 
 K O P 
 Q R S T U V W 

C D E F J K N O P Q R S T U V Total 

202 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

, Group Inc. declared dividends of per share of Series A Preferred Stock, per share of Series C Preferred Stock, per share of Series D Preferred Stock, per share of Series K Preferred Stock, per share of Series P Preferred Stock, per share of Series Q Preferred Stock, per share of Series R Preferred Stock, per share of Series S Preferred Stock, per share of Series U Preferred Stock and per share of Series W Preferred Stock that were paid on February 12, 2024 to preferred shareholders of record on January 28, 2024. In addition, the firm declared dividends of per share of Series E Preferred Stock and per share of Series F Preferred Stock to be paid on March 1, 2024 to preferred shareholders of record on February 15, 2024. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss)) ) ) Debt valuation adjustment ) ) Pension and postretirement liabilities ) ) ) Available-for-sale securities ) ) Total ) ) Year Ended December 2022 Currency translation ) ) ) Debt valuation adjustment ) Pension and postretirement liabilities ) ) ) Available-for-sale securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) Year Ended December 2021 Currency translation ) ) ) Debt valuation adjustment ) ) Pension and postretirement liabilities ) ) Available-for-sale securities ) ) Total ) ) ) 

Note 20. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 203 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Tier 1 capital ratio Total capital ratio As of December 2022 CET1 capital ratio 
 Tier 1 capital ratio 
 Total capital ratio 
 In the table above: 
 As of both December 2023 and December 2022, under both the Standardized and Advanced Capital Rules, the CET1 capital ratio requirement includes a minimum of , the Tier 1 capital ratio requirement includes a minimum of and the Total capital ratio requirement includes a minimum of . These requirements also include the capital conservation buffer requirements, consisting of the G-SIB surcharge (Method 2) of as of December 2023 and as of December 2022 and the countercyclical capital buffer, which the FRB has set to . In addition, the capital conservation buffer requirements include the stress capital buffer of as of December 2023 and as of December 2022 under the Standardized Capital Rules and a buffer of as of both December 2023 and December 2022 under the Advanced Capital Rules. 
 The G-SIB surcharge is updated annually based on financial data from the prior year and is generally applicable for the following year. The G-SIB surcharge is calculated using two methodologies, the higher of which is reflected in the firm s risk-based capital requirements. The first calculation (Method 1) is based on the Basel Committee s methodology which, among other factors, relies upon measures of the size, activity and complexity of each G-SIB. The second calculation (Method 2) uses similar inputs but includes a measure of reliance on short-term wholesale funding. 

Tier 1 capital Tier 2 capital Total capital RWAs CET1 capital ratio Tier 1 capital ratio Total capital ratio As of December 2022 CET1 capital Tier 1 capital Tier 2 capital Total capital RWAs CET1 capital ratio Tier 1 capital ratio Total capital ratio 
 Leverage Ratios. 
 SLR 
 In the table above, the SLR requirement of includes a minimum of and a buffer applicable to G-SIBs. 
 The table below presents information about leverage ratios. 
 For the Three Months 
 Ended or as of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Tier 1 capital Average total assets Deductions from Tier 1 capital ) ) Average adjusted total assets Off-balance sheet and other exposures Total leverage exposure Tier 1 leverage ratio SLR 
 In the table above: 
 Average total assets represents the average daily assets for the quarter adjusted for the impact of Current Expected Credit Losses (CECL) transition. 
 Off-balance sheet and other exposures primarily includes the monthly average of off-balance sheet exposures, consisting of derivatives, securities financing transactions, commitments and guarantees. 
 Tier 1 leverage ratio is calculated as Tier 1 capital divided by average adjusted total assets. 
 SLR is calculated as Tier 1 capital divided by total leverage exposure. 

204 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Impact of CECL transition Deduction for goodwill ) ) Deduction for identifiable intangible assets ) ) Other adjustments ) ) CET1 capital Preferred stock Deduction for investments in covered funds 
 ) ) Other adjustments ) ) Tier 1 capital Standardized Tier 2 and Total capital Tier 1 capital Qualifying subordinated debt Allowance for credit losses Other adjustments ) ) Standardized Tier 2 capital Standardized Total capital Advanced Tier 2 and Total capital Tier 1 capital Standardized Tier 2 capital Allowance for credit losses ) ) Other adjustments Advanced Tier 2 capital Advanced Total capital 
 In the table above: 
 Beginning in January 2022, the firm started to phase in the estimated reduction to regulatory capital as a result of adopting the CECL model. The total amount of reduction to be phased in from January 1, 2022 through January 1, 2025 (at per year) was billion, of which million had been phased in as of December 2023. The total amount to be phased in includes the impact of adopting CECL as of January 1, 2020, as well as of the increase in the allowance for credit losses from January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2021. The impact of CECL transition reflects the remaining amount of reduction to be phased in as of both December 2023 and December 2022. 
 Deduction for goodwill was net of deferred tax liabilities of million as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022. 
 Deduction for identifiable intangible assets was net of deferred tax liabilities of million as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022. 
 Deduction for investments in covered funds represents the firm s aggregate investments in applicable covered funds as defined in the Volcker Rule. 

or greater. The outstanding amount of subordinated debt qualifying for Tier 2 capital is reduced upon reaching a remaining maturity of . See Note 14 for further information about the firm s subordinated debt. 
 Change in: Common shareholders equity ) ) Impact of CECL transition ) ) Deduction for goodwill Deduction for identifiable intangible assets Other adjustments Ending balance Tier 1 capital Beginning balance Change in: CET1 capital Preferred stock 
 Deduction for investments in covered funds 
 ) ) Other adjustments ) ) Ending balance Tier 2 capital Beginning balance Change in: Qualifying subordinated debt ) ) Allowance for credit losses ) Other adjustments ) ) Ending balance Total capital 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 205 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

VaR is used, whereas for regulatory capital requirements, a VaR is used to determine Market RWAs and a VaR is used to determine regulatory VaR exceptions. In addition, the daily net revenues used to determine risk management VaR exceptions (i.e., comparing the daily net revenues to the VaR measure calculated as of the end of the prior business day) include intraday activity, whereas the Capital Framework requires that intraday activity be excluded from daily net revenues when calculating regulatory VaR exceptions. Intraday activity includes bid/offer net revenues, which are more likely than not to be positive by their nature. As a result, there may be differences in the number of VaR exceptions and the amount of daily net revenues calculated for regulatory VaR compared to the amounts calculated for risk management VaR. 
 The firm s positional losses observed on a single day exceeded its regulatory VaR on one occasion during both 2023 and 2022. There was no change in the firm s VaR multiplier used to calculate Market RWAs; 
 Stressed VaR is the potential loss in value of trading assets and liabilities, as well as certain investments, loans, and other financial assets and liabilities accounted for at fair value, during a period of significant market stress; 
 Incremental risk is the potential loss in value of non-securitized positions due to the default or credit migration of issuers of financial instruments over a one-year time horizon; 
 Comprehensive risk is the potential loss in value, due to price risk and defaults, within the firm s credit correlation positions; and 
 Specific risk is the risk of loss on a position that could result from factors other than broad market movements, including event risk, default risk and idiosyncratic risk. The standardized measurement method is used to determine specific risk RWAs, by applying supervisory defined risk-weighting factors after applicable netting is performed. 

206 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Commitments, guarantees and loans Securities financing transactions Equity investments Other Total Credit RWAs Market RWAs Regulatory VaR Stressed VaR Incremental risk Comprehensive risk Specific risk Total Market RWAs Total Operational RWAs Total RWAs As of December 2022 Credit RWAs Derivatives Commitments, guarantees and loans Securities financing transactions Equity investments Other Total Credit RWAs Market RWAs Regulatory VaR Stressed VaR Incremental risk Comprehensive risk Specific risk Total Market RWAs Total Operational RWAs Total RWAs 
 In the table above: 
 Securities financing transactions represents resale and repurchase agreements and securities borrowed and loaned transactions. 

Credit RWAs Change in: Derivatives ) Commitments, guarantees and loans ) ) Securities financing transactions Equity investments Other Change in Credit RWAs ) Market RWAs Change in: Regulatory VaR ) ) Stressed VaR Incremental risk ) ) Comprehensive risk ) ) Specific risk ) ) Change in Market RWAs Change in Operational RWAs ) Ending balance 
 RWAs Rollforward Commentary 
 Year Ended December 2023. Standardized Credit RWAs as of December 2023 increased by billion compared with December 2022, primarily reflecting an increase in securities financing transactions (principally due to increased funding exposures). Standardized Market RWAs as of December 2023 increased by billion compared with December 2022, primarily reflecting an increase in stressed VaR (principally due to increased exposures to interest rates), partially offset by a decrease in regulatory VaR (principally due to lower levels of market volatility). 
 Advanced Credit RWAs as of December 2023 decreased by billion compared with December 2022, primarily reflecting a decrease in derivatives (principally due to reduced counterparty credit risk). Advanced Market RWAs as of December 2023 increased by billion compared with December 2022, primarily reflecting an increase in stressed VaR (principally due to increased exposures to interest rates), partially offset by a decrease in regulatory VaR (principally due to lower levels of market volatility). Advanced Operational RWAs as of December 2023 decreased by billion compared with December 2022, reflecting decreased frequency of loss events estimated by the firm s risk-based model. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 207 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

buffer and the countercyclical capital buffer). The buffer must consist entirely of capital that qualifies as CET1 capital. In addition, the Capital Framework includes the leverage ratio requirement. 
 GS Bank USA is required to calculate the CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital ratios in accordance with both the Standardized and Advanced Capital Rules. The lower of each risk-based capital ratio under the Standardized and Advanced Capital Rules is the ratio against which GS Bank USA s compliance with its risk-based capital requirements is assessed. In addition, under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action applicable to GS Bank USA, in order to meet the quantitative requirements for a well-capitalized depository institution, GS Bank USA must also meet the well-capitalized requirements in the table below. GS Bank USA s capital levels and prompt corrective action classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components of capital, risk weightings and other factors. Failure to comply with the capital requirements, including a breach of the buffers described below, would result in restrictions being imposed by the regulators. 

Tier 1 capital ratio Total capital ratio Leverage requirements Tier 1 leverage ratio SLR 
 In the table above: 
 The CET1 capital ratio requirement includes a minimum of , the Tier 1 capital ratio requirement includes a minimum of and the Total capital ratio requirement includes a minimum of . These requirements also include the capital conservation buffer requirements consisting of a buffer and the countercyclical capital buffer, which the FRB has set to . 
 
 Tier 1 capital Tier 2 capital Total capital RWAs CET1 capital ratio Tier 1 capital ratio Total capital ratio As of December 2022 CET1 capital Tier 1 capital Tier 2 capital Total capital RWAs CET1 capital ratio Tier 1 capital ratio Total capital ratio 

208 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

per year through January 2025. The total amount to be phased in includes the impact of adopting CECL as of January 1, 2020, as well as of the increase in the allowance for credit losses from January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2021. 
 The Standardized and Advanced risk-based capital ratios increased from December 2022 to December 2023, reflecting an increase in capital, principally due to net earnings, partially offset by an increase in Credit RWAs. 
 The table below presents information about GS Bank USA s leverage ratios. 
 For the Three Months 
 Ended or as of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Tier 1 capital Average adjusted total assets Total leverage exposure Tier 1 leverage ratio SLR 
 In the table above: 
 Average adjusted total assets represents the average daily assets for the quarter adjusted for deductions from Tier 1 capital and the impact of CECL transition. 
 Tier 1 leverage ratio is calculated as Tier 1 capital divided by average adjusted total assets. 
 SLR is calculated as Tier 1 capital divided by total leverage exposure. 
 The FRB requires that GS Bank USA maintain cash reserves with the Federal Reserve. As of both December 2023 and December 2022, the reserve requirement ratio was zero percent. See Note 26 for further information about cash deposits held by the firm at the Federal Reserve. 
 GS Bank USA is a registered swap dealer with the CFTC and a registered security-based swap dealer with the SEC. As of both December 2023 and December 2022, GS Bank USA was subject to and in compliance with applicable capital requirements for swap dealers and security-based swap dealers. 

Group Inc. s equity investment in subsidiaries was billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022, of which Group Inc. was required to maintain billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022, of minimum equity capital in its regulated subsidiaries in order to satisfy the regulatory requirements of such subsidiaries. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 209 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 21. 
 
 Weighted average basic shares Effect of dilutive RSUs Weighted average diluted shares Basic EPS Diluted EPS 
 In the table above: 
 Net earnings to common represents net earnings applicable to common shareholders, which is calculated as net earnings less preferred stock dividends. 
 Unvested share-based awards that have non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents are treated as a separate class of securities under the two-class method. Distributed earnings allocated to these securities reduce net earnings to common to calculate EPS under this method. The impact of applying this methodology was a reduction in basic EPS of for both 2023 and 2022 and for 2021. 
 million for 2023, million for 2022 and million for 2021. 

Note 22. 
 
 As of December 
 in millions 2023 2022 Fees receivable from funds Aggregate carrying value of interests in funds 
 The firm has waived, and may waive in the future, certain management fees on selected money market funds to enhance the yield for investors in such funds. Management fees waived were million for 2023, million for 2022 and million for 2021. 

210 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 23. 
 ) Collateralized agreements ) Trading assets Investments Loans Other interest Total interest income Deposits Collateralized financings Trading liabilities Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Other interest ) Total interest expense Net interest income 
 In the table above: 
 Collateralized agreements includes rebates paid and interest income on securities borrowed. 
 Loans excludes interest on loans held for sale that are accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value. Such interest is included within other interest. 
 Other interest income includes interest income on customer debit balances, other interest-earning assets and loans held for sale that are accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value. 
 Collateralized financings consists of repurchase agreements and securities loaned. 
 Short- and long-term borrowings include both secured and unsecured borrowings. 

Note 24. 
 State and local Non-U.S. Total current tax expense Deferred taxes U.S. federal ) ) State and local ) ) Non-U.S. ) ) Total deferred tax (benefit)/expense 
 ) ) Provision for taxes 
 State and local taxes, net of U.S. federal benefit Settlement of employee share-based awards ) ) ) Non-U.S. operations ) ) ) GILTI 
 Tax credits ) ) ) Tax-exempt income, including dividends ) ) ) Non-deductible legal expenses Other Effective income tax rate 
 In the table above: 
 Non-U.S. operations includes the impact of the Base Erosion and Anti-Abuse Tax. 
 The firm recognizes income tax expense associated with Global Intangible Low Taxed Income (GILTI) in the period in which it is incurred. 
 Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023, GILTI is presented as a separate reconciliation item. Previously, GILTI was included in non-U.S. operations. Prior period amounts have been conformed to the current presentation. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 211 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

ASC 740 asset related to unrecognized tax benefits Non-U.S. operations Unrealized losses 
 Net operating losses Occupancy-related Other comprehensive income/(loss)-related Tax credits carryforward Operating lease liabilities Allowance for credit losses Other, net Subtotal Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Depreciation and amortization Operating lease right-of-use assets Total deferred tax liabilities 
 The firm has recorded deferred tax assets of million as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022, in connection with U.S. federal, state and local and foreign net operating loss carryforwards. The firm also recorded a valuation allowance of million as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022, related to these net operating loss carryforwards. 

As of December 2023, the U.S. federal net operating loss carryforward was billion, the state and local net operating loss carryforward was billion, and the foreign net operating loss carryforward was billion. If not utilized, the U.S. federal, the state and local, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2024. If these carryforwards expire, they will not have a material impact on the firm s results of operations. As of December 2023, the firm has recorded deferred tax assets of million in connection with foreign tax credit carryforwards and a related valuation allowance of million. As of December 2023, the firm has recorded deferred tax assets of million in connection with general business credit carryforwards and million in connection with state and local tax credit carryforwards. If not utilized, the foreign tax credit carryforward will begin to expire in 2033, the general business credit carryforward will begin to expire in 2024 and the state and local tax credit carryforward will begin to expire in 2026. 
 As of both December 2023 and December 2022, the firm had no U.S. capital loss carryforwards and no related net deferred income tax assets. As of December 2023, the firm had deferred tax assets of million in connection with foreign capital loss carryforwards and a valuation allowance of million related to these capital loss carryforwards. 
 The valuation allowance increased by million during 2023 and million during 2022. The increases in both 2023 and 2022 were primarily due to an increase in deferred tax assets from which the firm does not expect to realize any benefit. 
 The firm permanently reinvested eligible earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries. As of both December 2023 and December 2022, all U.S. taxes were accrued on these subsidiaries distributable earnings. 

212 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The accrued liability for interest expense related to income tax matters and income tax penalties was million as of December 2023 and million as of December 2022. The firm recognized interest expense and income tax penalties of million for 2023, million for 2022 and million for 2021. It is reasonably possible that unrecognized tax benefits could change significantly during the twelve months subsequent to December 2023 due to potential audit settlements. However, at this time it is not possible to estimate any potential change. 
 Increases based on current year tax positions 
 Increases based on prior years' tax positions Decreases based on prior years' tax positions ) ) ) Decreases related to settlements 
 ) ) ) Exchange rate fluctuations 
 ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 In the table above, the liability for unrecognized tax benefits included billion as of December 2023, and billion as of both December 2022 and December 2021 of unrecognized tax benefits which, if recognized, would reduce the annual effective tax rate. The remaining unrecognized tax benefits in the table above would not affect the annual tax rate, as such benefits have jurisdictional offsets or relate to temporary differences. 

New York State and City United Kingdom Japan Hong Kong 
 The firm has been accepted into the Compliance Assurance Process program by the IRS for each of the tax years from 2013 through 2024. This program allows the firm to work with the IRS to identify and resolve potential U.S. federal tax issues before the filing of tax returns. All issues for the 2011 through 2018 tax years have been resolved and completion is pending final review by the Joint Committee on Taxation. All issues for the 2019 through 2021 tax years have been resolved and will be effectively settled pending administrative completion by the IRS. Final completion of tax years 2011 through 2021 will not have a material impact on the effective tax rate. The 2022 tax year remains subject to post-filing review. New York State and City examinations of tax years 2015 through 2018 commenced during 2021. 
 All years, including and subsequent to the years in the table above, remain open to examination by the taxing authorities. The firm believes that the liability for unrecognized tax benefits it has established is adequate in relation to the potential for additional assessments. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 213 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 25. 
 business segments: Global Banking Markets, Asset Wealth Management and Platform Solutions. See Note 1 for information about the firm s business segments. 
 Compensation and benefits expenses in the firm s segments reflect, among other factors, the overall performance of the firm, as well as the performance of individual businesses. Consequently, pre-tax margins in one segment of the firm s business may be significantly affected by the performance of the firm s other business segments. 
 The firm allocates assets (including allocations of global core liquid assets and cash, secured client financing and other assets), revenues and expenses among the business segments. Due to the integrated nature of these segments, estimates and judgments are made in allocating certain assets, revenues and expenses. The allocation process is based on the manner in which management currently views the performance of the segments. 
 The allocation of common shareholders equity and preferred stock dividends to each segment is based on the estimated amount of equity required to support the activities of the segment under relevant regulatory capital requirements. 
 Net earnings for each segment is calculated by applying the firmwide tax rate to each segment s pre-tax earnings. 
 Management believes that this allocation provides a reasonable representation of each segment s contribution to consolidated net earnings to common, return on average common equity and total assets. Transactions between segments are based on specific criteria or approximate third-party rates. 

Net interest income Total net revenues Provision for credit losses ) Operating expenses Pre-tax earnings Net earnings Net earnings to common Average common equity Return on average common equity Asset Wealth Management 
 Non-interest revenues Net interest income Total net revenues Provision for credit losses ) ) Operating expenses Pre-tax earnings 
 Net earnings 
 Net earnings to common 
 Average common equity Return on average common equity Platform Solutions 
 Non-interest revenues ) ) ) Net interest income Total net revenues Provision for credit losses Operating expenses Pre-tax earnings/(loss) 
 ) ) ) Net earnings/(loss) 
 ) ) ) Net earnings/(loss) to common 
 ) ) ) Average common equity Return on average common equity ) ) ) Total Non-interest revenues Net interest income Total net revenues Provision for credit losses Operating expenses Pre-tax earnings Net earnings Net earnings to common Average common equity Return on average common equity 

214 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Asset Wealth Management 
 Platform Solutions 
 Total 
 In the table above: 
 Asset Wealth Management included impairments related to commercial real estate included within CIEs of billion for 2023. 
 Platform Solutions included the million write-down related to GreenSky for 2023, and an impairment of goodwill of million related to Consumer platforms for 2023. 
 Segment Assets 
 Asset Wealth Management 
 Platform Solutions 
 Total 

EMEA Asia Total net revenues Americas EMEA Asia Total pre-tax earnings Americas EMEA Asia Total net earnings 
 In the table above: 
 Americas pre-tax earnings for 2023 were impacted by the impairments related to commercial real estate included within CIEs, the write-down related to GreenSky, the impairment of goodwill related to Consumer platforms and the FDIC special assessment fee. 
 Substantially all of the amounts in Americas were attributable to the U.S. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 215 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 26. 
 
 Percentage of total assets Non-U.S. government and agency obligations Percentage of total assets 
 In addition, the firm had billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022 of cash deposits held at central banks (included in cash and cash equivalents), of which billion as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022 was held at the Federal Reserve. 
 As of both December 2023 and December 2022, the firm did not have credit exposure to any other counterparty that exceeded of total assets. 
 Collateral obtained by the firm related to derivative assets is principally cash and is held by the firm or a third-party custodian. Collateral obtained by the firm related to resale agreements and securities borrowed transactions is primarily U.S. government and agency obligations, and non-U.S. government and agency obligations. See Note 11 for further information about collateralized agreements and financings. 

Non-U.S. government and agency obligations 
 In the table above: 
 Non-U.S. government and agency obligations primarily consists of securities issued by the governments of the U.K., Japan, Germany, France and Italy. 

Note 27. 

216 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

billion in excess of the aggregate reserves for such matters. 

1MDB-Related Matters 
 Between 2012 and 2013, subsidiaries of the firm acted as arrangers or purchasers of approximately billion of debt securities of 1MDB. 
 On November 1, 2018, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) unsealed a criminal information and guilty plea by Tim Leissner, a former participating managing director of the firm, and an indictment against Ng Chong Hwa, a former managing director of the firm. On August 28, 2018, Leissner was adjudicated guilty by the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York of conspiring to launder money and to violate the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act s (FCPA) anti-bribery and internal accounting controls provisions. Ng was charged with conspiring to launder money and to violate the FCPA s anti-bribery and internal accounting controls provisions, and on April 8, 2022, Ng was found guilty on all counts following a trial. 
 On August 18, 2020, the firm announced that it entered into a settlement agreement with the Government of Malaysia to resolve the criminal and regulatory proceedings in Malaysia involving the firm, which includes a guarantee that the Government of Malaysia receives at least billion in assets and proceeds from assets seized by governmental authorities around the world related to 1MDB. See Note 18 for further information about this guarantee, including related arbitration proceedings. 
 On October 22, 2020, the firm announced that it reached settlements of governmental and regulatory investigations relating to 1MDB with the DOJ, the SEC, the FRB, the NYDFS, the Financial Conduct Authority, the Prudential Regulation Authority, the Singapore Attorney General s Chambers, the Singapore Commercial Affairs Department, the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission. Group Inc. entered into a three-year deferred prosecution agreement with the DOJ, in which a charge against the firm, one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA, was filed and will be dismissed within six months after the October 22, 2023 expiration of the agreement if the firm has abided by the terms of the agreement. In addition, GS Malaysia pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA, and was sentenced on June 9, 2021. In May 2021, the U.S. Department of Labor granted the firm a five-year exemption to maintain its status as a qualified professional asset manager (QPAM). 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 217 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

billion of securities. The complaints generally allege that mortgage loans in the trusts failed to conform to applicable representations and warranties and seek specific performance or, alternatively, compensatory damages and other relief. On November 23, 2020, the court granted in part and denied in part defendants motion to dismiss the complaint in the first action and denied defendants motion to dismiss the complaint in the second action. On January 14, 2021, amended complaints were filed in both actions. 
 Currencies-Related Litigation 
 GS Co. is among the defendants named in a putative class action filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on August 4, 2021. The amended complaint, filed on January 6, 2022, generally asserts claims under federal antitrust law and state common law in connection with an alleged conspiracy among the defendants to manipulate auctions for foreign exchange transactions on an electronic trading platform, as well as claims under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizatio ns Act. The complaint seeks declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as unspecified amounts of treble and other damages. On May 18, 2023, the court dismissed certain state common law claims, but denied dismissal of the remaining claims. On July 7, 2023, the plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint. 

218 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million facility agreement (the Facility), structured by GSI, between Oak Finance Luxembourg S.A. (Oak Finance), a special purpose vehicle formed in connection with the Facility, and Banco Espirito Santo S.A. (BES) prior to the failure of BES. In response, GSI and, with respect to the BoP s December 2015 decision, GSIB commenced actions beginning in February 2015 against Novo Banco S.A. (Novo Banco) in the English Commercial Court and the BoP in Portuguese Administrative Court. In July 2018, the English Supreme Court found that the English courts will not have jurisdiction over GSI s action unless and until the Portuguese Administrative Court finds against BoP in GSI s parallel action. In July 2018, the Liquidation Committee for BES issued a decision seeking to claw back from GSI million paid to GSI and million allegedly paid to Oak Finance in connection with the Facility, alleging that GSI acted in bad faith in extending the Facility, including because GSI allegedly knew that BES was at risk of imminent failure. In October 2018, GSI commenced an action in Lisbon Commercial Court challenging the Liquidation Committee s decision and has since also issued a claim against the Portuguese State seeking compensation for losses of approximately million related to the failure of BES, together with a contingent claim for the million sought by the Liquidation Committee. On April 11, 2023, GSI commenced administrative proceedings against the BoP, seeking the nullification of the BoP s September 2015 and December 2015 decisions on new grounds. 
 Financial Advisory Services 
 Group Inc. and certain of its affiliates are from time to time parties to various civil litigation and arbitration proceedings and other disputes with clients and third parties relating to the firm s financial advisory activities. These claims generally seek, among other things, compensatory damages and, in some cases, punitive damages, and in certain cases allege that the firm did not appropriately disclose or deal with conflicts of interest. 

Archegos-Related Matters 
 GS Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed on August 13, 2021 in New York Supreme Court, County of New York, relating to ViacomCBS Inc. s (ViacomCBS) March 2021 public offerings of billion of common stock and billion of preferred stock. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include ViacomCBS and certain of its officers and directors. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million and shares of preferred stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. The complaint asserts claims under the federal securities laws and alleges that the offering documents contained material misstatements and omissions, including, among other things, that the offering documents failed to disclose that Archegos Capital Management, LP (Archegos) had substantial exposure to ViacomCBS, including through total return swaps to which certain of the underwriters, including GS Co., were allegedly counterparties, and that such underwriters failed to disclose their exposure to Archegos. On December 21, 2021, the plaintiffs filed a corrected amended complaint. The complaint seeks rescission and compensatory damages in unspecified amounts. On January 4, 2022, the plaintiffs moved for class certification. On February 6, 2023, the court dismissed the claims against ViacomCBS and the individual defendants, but denied the defendants motions to dismiss with respect to GS Co. and the other underwriter defendants. On February 15, 2023, the underwriter defendants appealed the court s denial of the motion to dismiss. On March 10, 2023, the plaintiffs appealed the court s dismissal of the claims against ViacomCBS and the individual defen dants. On June 12, 2023, the court denied the underwriter defendants motion to stay the proceedings pending their appeal of the court's denial of the motion to dismiss, and on November 2, 2023, the Appellate Division for the First Department affirmed the court s denial of the underwriter defendants motion. On January 4, 2024, the court granted the plaintiffs motion for class certification. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 219 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million principal amount of senior notes and million of depositary shares representing interests in preferred stock, March 2021 public offering of approximately billion of common stock, May 2021 public offerings of billion of depositary shares representing interests in preferred stock and million principal amount of senior notes, August 2021 public offering of approximately billion of common stock, and April 2022 public offering of million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, among other public offerings of securities. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include certain of SVBFG s officers and directors and its auditor. GS Co. underwrote an aggregate of depositary shares representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million, an aggregate of shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately billion and senior notes representing an aggregate price to the public of approximately million. The complaints generally assert claims under the federal securities laws and allege that the offering documents contained material misstatements and omissions. The complaints seek compensatory damages in unspecified amounts. On March 17, 2023, SVBFG filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. On January 16, 2024, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint in the putative class action. 

The firm is also cooperating with and providing information to various governmental bodies in connection with their investigations and inquiries regarding SVBFG and its affiliates (collectively SVB), including the firm s business with SVB in or around March 2023, when SVB engaged the firm to assist with a proposed capital raise and SVB sold the firm a portfolio of securities. 
 Underwriting Litigation 
 Firm affiliates are among the defendants in a number of proceedings in connection with securities offerings. In these proceedings, including those described below, the plaintiffs assert class action or individual claims under federal and state securities laws and in some cases other applicable laws, allege that the offering documents for the securities that they purchased contained material misstatements and omissions, and generally seek compensatory and rescissory damages in unspecified amounts, as well as rescission. Certain of these proceedings involve additional allegations. 
 Uber Technologies, Inc. GS Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in several putative securities class actions filed beginning in September 2019 in California Superior Court, County of San Francisco and the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, relating to Uber Technologies, Inc. s (Uber) billion May 2019 initial public offering. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Uber and certain of its officers and directors. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately billion. On November 16, 2020, the court in the state court action granted defendants motion to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint filed on February 11, 2020, and on December 16, 2020, plaintiffs appealed. On August 7, 2020, defendants motion to dismiss the district court action was denied. On September 25, 2020, the plaintiffs in the district court action moved for class certification. On December 5, 2020, the plaintiffs in the state court action filed a complaint in the district court, which was consolidated with the existing district court action on January 25, 2021. On May 14, 2021, the plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint in the district court, purporting to add the plaintiffs from the state court action as additional class representatives. On October 1, 2021, defendants motion to dismiss the additional class representatives from the second amended complaint was denied, and on July 26, 2022, the district court granted the plaintiffs motion for class certification. On February 27, 2023, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied the defendants petition seeking interlocutory review of the district court s grant of class certification. 

220 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million July 2020 initial public offering. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include GoHealth, certain of its officers and directors and certain of its shareholders. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On February 25, 2021, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint. On April 5, 2022, the defendants motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint was denied. On September 23, 2022, the plaintiffs moved for class certification. On February 21, 2024, the court preliminarily approved a settlement. Under the terms of the settlement, GS Co. will not be required to contribute to the settlement. 
 Array Technologies, Inc. GS Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed on May 14, 2021 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York relating to Array Technologies, Inc. s (Array) billion October 2020 initial public offering of common stock, billion December 2020 offering of common stock and million March 2021 offering of common stock. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Array and certain of its officers and directors. GS Co. underwrote an aggregate of shares of common stock in the three offerings representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On December 7, 2021, the plaintiffs filed an amended consolidated complaint, and on May 19, 2023, the court granted the defendants motion to dismiss the amended consolidated complaint. On July 5, 2023, the court denied the plaintiffs request for leave to amend the amended consolidated complaint and dismissed the case with prejudice. On August 4, 2023, plaintiffs appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. 

ContextLogic Inc. GS Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in putative securities class actions filed beginning on May 17, 2021 and consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, relating to ContextLogic Inc. s (ContextLogic) billion December 2020 initial public offering of common stock. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include ContextLogic and certain of its officers and directors. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On July 15, 2022, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint, and on March 10, 2023, the court granted the defendants motion to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint with leave to amend. On April 10, 2023, the plaintiffs filed a second consolidated amended complaint, and on December 22, 2023, the court granted in part and denied in part the defendants motion to dismiss the second consolidated amended complaint with leave to amend. On February 15, 2024, the plaintiffs filed a third consolidated amended complaint. 
 DiDi Global Inc. Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. (GS Asia) is among the underwriters named as defendants in putative securities class actions filed beginning on July 6, 2021 in the U.S. District Courts for the Southern District of New York and the Central District of California and New York Supreme Court, County of New York, relating to DiDi Global Inc. s (DiDi) billion June 2021 initial public offering of American Depositary Shares (ADS). In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include DiDi and certain of its officers and directors. GS Asia underwrote ADS representing an aggregate offering price of approximately billion. On September 22, 2021, plaintiffs in the California action voluntarily dismissed their claims without prejudice. On May 5, 2022, plaintiffs in the consolidated federal action filed a second consolidated amended complaint, which includes allegations of violations of Sections 10(b) and 20A of the Exchange Act against the underwriter defendants. On June 3, 2022, the defendants moved to dismiss the second consolidated amended complaint. 
 Vroom Inc. GS Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in an amended complaint for a putative securities class action filed on October 4, 2021 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York relating to Vroom Inc. s (Vroom) approximately million September 2020 public offering of common stock. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Vroom and certain of its officers and directors. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On December 20, 2021, the defendants served a motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 221 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million April 2021 initial public offering of common stock. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Zymergen and certain of its officers and directors. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On February 24, 2022, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, and on November 29, 2022, the court granted in part and denied in part the defendants motion to dismiss the amended complaint, denying dismissal of the claims for violations of Section 11 of the Securities Act. On August 11, 2023, the court granted the plaintiffs motion for class certification. On October 3, 2023, Zymergen and three affiliates filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy petitions in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware. 
 Waterdrop Inc. GS Asia is among the underwriters named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed on September 14, 2021 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York relating to Waterdrop Inc. s (Waterdrop) million May 2021 initial public offering of ADS. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Waterdrop and certain of its officers and directors. GS Asia underwrote ADS representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On February 21, 2022, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, and on February 3, 2023, the court granted the defendants motion to dismiss the amended complaint. On January 16, 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit affirmed the dismissal. 
 Sea Limited. GS Asia is among the underwriters named as defendants in putative securities class actions filed on February 11, 2022 and June 17, 2022, respectively, in New York Supreme Court, County of New York, relating to Sea Limited s approximately billion September 2021 public offering of ADS and approximately billion September 2021 public offering of convertible senior notes, respectively. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Sea Limited, certain of its officers and directors and certain of its shareholders. GS Asia underwrote ADS representing an aggregate offering price of approximately billion and convertible senior notes representing an aggregate offering price of approximately billion. On August 3, 2022, the actions were consolidated, and on August 9, 2022, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint. The defendants had previously moved to dismiss the action on July 15, 2022, with the parties stipulating that the motion would apply to the consolidated amended complaint. On May 15, 2023, the court granted the defendants motion to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint with prejudice, and on June 15, 2023, the plaintiffs moved for a rehearing or for leave to amend the consolidated amended complaint and also appealed. On November 20, 2023, the court denied the plaintiffs motion for a rehearing or for leave to amend. 

Rivian Automotive Inc. GS Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in putative securities class actions filed on March 7, 2022 and February 28, 2023 in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California and in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Orange, respectively, relating to Rivian Automotive Inc. s (Rivian) approximately billion November 2021 initial public offering. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Rivian and certain of its officers and directors. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately billion. On March 2, 2023, the plaintiffs in the federal court action filed an amended consolidated complaint, and on July 3, 2023, the court denied the defendants motion to dismiss the amended consolidated complaint. On June 30, 2023, the court in the state court action granted the defendants motion to dismiss the complaint, and on September 1, 2023, the plaintiffs appealed. On December 1, 2023, the plaintiffs moved for class certification. 
 Natera Inc. GS Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in putative securities class actions in New York Supreme Court, County of New York and the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas filed on March 10, 2022 and October 7, 2022, respectively, relating to Natera Inc. s (Natera) approximately million July 2021 public offering of common stock. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Natera and certain of its officers and directors. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On July 15, 2022, the parties in the state court action filed a stipulation and proposed order approving the discontinuance of the action without prejudice. On September 11, 2023, the federal court granted in part and denied in part the defendants motion to dismiss. 
 Robinhood Markets, Inc. GS Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed on December 17, 2021 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California relating to Robinhood Markets, Inc. s (Robinhood) approximately billion July 2021 initial public offering. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Robinhood and certain of its officers and directors. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On February 10, 2023, the court granted the defendants motion to dismiss the complaint with leave to amend, and on March 13, 2023, the plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint. On January 24, 2024, the court granted the defendants motion to dismiss the second amended complaint without leave to amend. 

222 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million February 2021 initial public offering of common stock. In additio n to the underwriters, the defendants include ON24 and certain of its officers and directors, including a director who was a Managing Director of GS Co. at the time of the initial public offering. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On March 18, 2022, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint, and on July 7, 2023, the court granted the defendants motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint with leave to amend. On September 1, 2023, the plaintiffs filed an amended consolidated complaint, and on October 16, 2023, the defendants moved to dismiss the amended consolidated complaint. 
 Oscar Health, Inc. GS C o. is among the underwriters named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed on May 12, 2022 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York relating to Oscar Health, Inc. s (Oscar Health) approximately billion March 2021 initial public offering. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Oscar Health and certain of its officers and directors. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On December 5, 2022, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint. On April 4, 2023, the defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint. 

Oak Street Health, Inc. GS Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in an amended complaint for a putative securities class action filed on May 25, 2022 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois relating to Oak Street Health, Inc. s (Oak Street) million August 2020 initial public offering, million December 2020 secondary equity offering, million February 2021 secondary equity offering and million May 2021 secondary equity offering. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Oak Street, certain of its officers and directors and certain of its shareholders. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock in the August 2020 initial public offering representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million, shares of common stock in the December 2020 secondary equity offering representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million, shares of common stock in the February 2021 secondary equity offering representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million and shares of common stock in the May 2021 secondary equity offering representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On February 10, 2023, the court granted in part and denied in part the defendants motion to dismiss, dismissing the claim alleging a violation of Section 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act and, with respect to the May 2021 secondary equity offering only, the claim alleging a violation of Section 11 of the Securities Act, but declining to dismiss the remaining claims. On December 15, 2023, the plaintiffs moved for class certification. 
 Reata Pharmaceuticals, Inc. GS Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in a consolidated amended complaint for a putative securities class action filed on June 21, 2022 in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas relating to Reata Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s (Reata) approximately million December 2020 public offering of common stock. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Reata and certain of its officers and directors. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On September 7, 2022, the defendants moved to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint. On November 27, 2023, the court preliminarily approved a settlement, which would not require a contribution from GS Co. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 223 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million June 2021 initial public offering of common stock. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Bright Health and certain of its officers and directors. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On October 12, 2022, the defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint. 
 17 Education Technology Group Inc. GS Asia is among the underwriters named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed on July 19, 2022 in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California and transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York in November 2022 relating to 17 Education Technology Group Inc. s (17EdTech) approximately million December 2020 initial public offering of ADS. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include 17EdTech and certain of its officers and directors. GS Asia underwrote ADS representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On January 31, 2023, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint. On November 8, 2023, the court granted the defendants motion to dismiss the amended complaint and denied the plaintiffs request for leave to amend. 
 LifeStance Health Group, Inc. GS Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed on August 10, 2022 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York relating to LifeStance Health Group, Inc. s (LifeStance) approximately million June 2021 initial public offering of common stock. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include LifeStance and certain of its officers and directors. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On December 19, 2022, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, and on April 10, 2023, the defendants motion to dismiss the amended complaint was denied. On September 7, 2023, the court granted the plaintiffs motion for class certification. On January 30, 2024, the court approved a settlement, which will not require a contribution from GS Co. 

MINISO Group Holding Limited. GS Asia is among the underwriters named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed on August 17, 2022 in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California and transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on November 18, 2022 relating to MINISO Group Holding Limited s (MINISO) approximately million October 2020 initial public offering of ADS. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include MINISO and certain of its officers and directors. GS Asia underwrote ADS representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On April 24, 2023, the plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint, and on June 23, 2023, the defendants moved to dismiss the second amended complaint. 
 Coupang, Inc. GS Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed on August 26, 2022 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York relating to Coupang, Inc. s (Coupang) approximately billion March 2021 initial public offering of common stock. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Coupang and certain of its officers and directors. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately billion. On May 24, 2023, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, and on July 28, 2023, the defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint. 
 Yatsen Holding Limited. GS Asia is among the underwriters named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed on September 23, 2022 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York relating to Yatsen Holding Limited s (Yatsen) approximately million November 2020 initial public offering of ADS. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Yatsen and certain of its officers and directors. GS Asia underwrote ADS representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On October 4, 2023, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, and on December 4, 2023, the defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint. 

224 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million October 2021 initial public offering of common stock. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Rent the Runway and certain of its officers and directors. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On September 5, 2023, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, and on October 20, 2023, the defendants served a motion to dismiss the amended complaint. 
 Opendoor Technologies Inc. GS Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed on November 22, 2022 in the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona relating to, among other things, Opendoor Technologies Inc. s (Opendoor) approximately million February 2021 public offering of common stock. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Opendoor and certain of its officers and directors. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On April 17, 2023, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint, and on June 30, 2023, the defendants moved to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint. 
 FIGS, Inc. GS Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed on December 8, 2022 in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California relating to FIGS, Inc. s (FIGS) approximately million May 2021 initial public offering and approximately million September 2021 secondary equity offering. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include FIGS, certain of its officers and directors and certain of its shareholders. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock in the May 2021 initial public offering representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million and shares of common stock in the S eptember 2021 secondary equity offering representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On April 10, 2023, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint, and on January 17, 2024, the court granted the defendants motions to dismiss the consolidated complaint with leave to amend. 

Silvergate Capital Corporation. GS Co. is among the underwriters and sales agents named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed on January 19, 2023 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, as amended on May 11, 2023, relating to Silvergate Capital Corporation s (Silvergate) approximately million January 2021 public offering of common stock, approximately million at-the-market offering of common stock conducted from March through May 2021, approximately million July 2021 public offering of depositary shares representing interests in preferred stock, and approximately million December 2021 public offering of common stock. In addition to the underwriters and sales agents, the defendants include Silvergate and certain of its officers and directors. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock in the January 2021 public offering of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million, acted as a sales agent with respect to up to a million aggregate offering price of shares of common stock in the March through May 2021 at-the-market offering, underwrote depositary shares in the July 2021 public offering representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million, and underwrote shares of common stock in the December 2021 public offering of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On July 10, 2023, the defendants moved to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint. 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc. GS Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in an amended complaint for a putative securities class action filed on February 10, 2023 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York relating to Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc s (Centessa) approximately million May 2021 initial public offering of ADS. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Centessa and certain of its officers and directors. GS Co. underwrote ADS representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On June 7, 2023, the defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 225 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

billion March 2018 initial public offering of ADS. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include iQIYI, certain of its officers and directors and its controlling shareholder. GS Asia underwrote ADS representing an aggregate offering price of approximately billion. On November 30, 2022, the defendants served a motion to dismiss the amended complaint. 
 F45 Training Holdings Inc. GS Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in an amended complaint for a putative securities class action filed on May 19, 2023 in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas relating to F45 Training Holdings Inc. s (F45) approximately million July 2021 initial public offering of common stock. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include F45, certain of its officers and directors and certain of its shareholders. GS Co. acted as a qualified independent underwriter for the offering and underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On August 7, 2023, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint. On January 25, 2024, the plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint. 
 Olaplex Holdings, Inc. GS Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed on April 28, 2023 in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California relating to Olaplex Holdings, Inc. s (Olaplex) approximately billion September 2021 initial public offering of common stock. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Olaplex, certain of its officers and directors and selling shareholders. GS Co. underwrote shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately million. On June 22, 2023, the plaintiffs filed a revised consolidated complaint. On July 19, 2023, the defendants moved to dismiss the revised consolidated complaint. 
 Investment Management Services 
 Group Inc. and certain o f its affiliates are parties to various civil litigation and arbitration proceedings and other disputes with clients relating to losses allegedly sustained as a result of the firm s investment management services. These claims generally seek, among other things, restitution or other compensatory damages and, in some cases, punitive damages. 

Securities Lending Antitrust Litigation 
 Group Inc. and GS Co. were among the defendants named in a putative antitrust class action and three individual actions relating to securities lending practices filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York beginning in August 2017. The complaints generally assert claims under federal and state antitrust law and state common law in connection with an alleged conspiracy among the defendants to preclude the development of electronic platforms for securities lending transactions. The individual complaints also assert claims for tortious interference with business relations and under state trade practices law and, in the second and third individual actions, unjust enrichment under state common law. The complaints seek declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as unspecified amounts of compensatory, treble, punitive and other damages. Group Inc. was voluntarily dismissed from the putative class action on January 26, 2018. Defendants motion to dismiss the class action complaint was denied on September 27, 2018. Defendants motion to dismiss the first individual action was granted on August 7, 2019. On September 30, 2021, the defendants motion to dismiss the second and third individual actions, which were consolidated in June 2019, was granted, and on March 24, 2023, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit affirmed the dismissal. On June 30, 2022, the Magistrate Judge recommended that the plaintiffs motion for class certification in the putative class action be granted in part and denied in part. On August 15, 2022, the plaintiffs and defendants filed objections to the Magistrate Judge s report and recommendation with the district court. On September 1, 2023, the court preliminarily approved a settlement among the plaintiffs and certain defendants, including the firm, to resolve this action. The firm had reserved the full amount of its proposed contribution to the settlement. 

226 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 227 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

228 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million. The settlement also provides that the firm will engage an independent expert to complete standard validation studies of its performance evaluation and promotion from vice president to managing director processes, continue or implement certain practices as part of its performance evaluation and promotion processes, and engage an independent expert to perform an annual pay equity analysis for the 2023, 2024 and 2025 year-end compensation cycles. 

Consumer Investigation and Review 
 The firm is cooperating with the CFPB and other governmental bodies relating to investigations and/or inquiries concerning GS Bank USA s credit card account management practices and is providing information regarding the application of refunds, crediting of nonconforming payments, billing error resolution, advertisements, reporting to credit bureaus, and any other consumer-related information requested by them. 
 Regulatory Investigations and Reviews and Related Litigation 
 Group Inc. and certain of its affiliates are subject to a number of other investigations and reviews by, and in some cases have received subpoenas and requests for documents and information from, various governmental and regulatory bodies and self-regulatory organizations and litigation and shareholder requests relating to various matters relating to the firm s businesses and operations, including: 
 The securities offering process and underwriting practices; 
 The firm s investment management and financial advisory services; 
 Conflicts of interest; 
 Research practices, including research independence and interactions between research analysts and other firm personnel, including investment banking personnel, as well as third parties; 
 Transactions involving government-related financings and other matters, municipal securities, including wall-cross procedures and conflict of interest disclosure with respect to state and municipal clients, the trading and structuring of municipal derivative instruments in connection with municipal offerings, political contribution rules, municipal advisory services and the possible impact of credit default swap transactions on municipal issuers; 
 Consumer lending, as well as residential mortgage lending, servicing and securitization, and compliance with related consumer laws; 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 229 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 28. 
 As of December 2023, other assets included million (related to overfunded pension plans) and other liabilities included million related to these plans. As of December 2022, other assets included million (related to overfunded pension plans) and other liabilities included million related to these plans. 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 The firm contributes to employer-sponsored U.S. and non-U.S. defined contribution plans. The firm s contribution to these plans was million for 2023, million for 2022 and million for 2021. 

230 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 29. 

million shares were available to be delivered pursuant to awards granted under the 2021 SIP. If any shares of common stock underlying awards granted under the 2021 SIP or awards granted under predecessor stock incentive plans are not delivered because such awards are forfeited, terminated or canceled, or if shares of common stock underlying such awards are surrendered or withheld to satisfy any obligation of the grantee (including taxes), those shares will become available to be delivered pursuant to awards granted under the 2021 SIP. Shares available to be delivered under the 2021 SIP also are subject to adjustment for certain events or changes in corporate structure as provided under the 2021 SIP. The 2021 SIP is scheduled to terminate on the date of the annual meeting of shareholders that occurs in 2025. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The firm grants RSUs (including RSUs subject to performance or market conditions) to employees, which are generally valued based on the closing price of the underlying shares on the date of grant, after taking into account a liquidity discount for any applicable post-vesting and delivery transfer restrictions. The value of equity awards also considers the impact of material non-public information, if any, that the firm expects to make available shortly following grant. RSUs not subject to performance or market conditions generally vest and underlying shares of common stock are delivered (net of required withholding tax) over a three-year period as outlined in the applicable award agreements. Award agreements generally provide that vesting is accelerated in certain circumstances, such as on retirement, death, disability and, in certain cases, conflicted employment. Delivery of the underlying shares of common stock is conditioned on the grantees satisfying certain vesting and other requirements outlined in the award agreements. 
 RSUs that are subject to performance or market conditions generally are settled after the end of a three - to period. For awards that are subject to performance or market conditions, generally the final award is adjusted from up to of the original grant based on the extent to which those conditions are satisfied. Dividend equivalents that accrue on these awards are paid when the awards settle. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 231 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Granted 
 Forfeited 
 ) ) Delivered 
 ) Vested 
 ) Ending balance 
 
 In the table above: 
 The weighted average grant-date fair value of RSUs granted was during 2023, during 2022 and during 2021. The grant-date fair value of these RSUs included an average liquidity discount of during 2023, during 2022 and during 2021, to reflect post-vesting and delivery transfer restrictions, generally of year for both 2023 and 2022, and up to years for 2021. 
 The aggregate fair value of awards that vested was billion during 2023, billion during 2022 and billion during 2021. 
 The ending balance included restricted stock subject to future service requirements of shares as of December 2023 and shares as of December 2022. 
 The ending balance included RSUs subject to future service requirements and performance or market conditions of RSUs as of December 2023 and RSUs as of December 2022, and the maximum amount of such RSUs that may be earned was RSUs as of December 2023 and RSUs as of December 2022. 
 The ending balance also included RSUs not subject to future service requirements but subject to performance conditions of RSUs as of December 2023 and RSUs as of December 2022, and the maximum amount of such RSUs that may be earned was RSUs as of December 2023 and RSUs as of December 2022. 

million RSUs (of which million RSUs require future service as a condition for delivery of the related shares of common stock). These RSUs are subject to additional conditions as outlined in the award agreements. Shares underlying these RSUs, net of required withholding tax, generally are delivered over a period. These awards are generally subject to a post-vesting and delivery transfer restriction. These awards are not included in the table above. 
 As of December 2023, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. In addition, there is unrecognized compensation cost related to share-based compensation arrangements subject to performance conditions. The maximum payout related to these awards is million. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Excess net tax benefit for share-based awards 

employees. The fair value of these overrides is recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. Such expense was million for 2023, million for 2022 and million for 2021. 

232 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 30. 
 Nonbank Other revenues ) ) Total non-interest revenues Interest income Interest expense Net interest loss ) ) ) Total net revenues Operating expenses Compensation and benefits Other expenses Total operating expenses Pre-tax earnings Benefit for taxes ) ) ) Undistributed earnings/(loss) of subsidiaries and other affiliates ) Net earnings Preferred stock dividends Net earnings applicable to common shareholders 
 
 Supplemental Disclosures: 
 In the condensed statements of earnings above, revenues and expenses included the following with subsidiaries and other affiliates: 
 Dividends from bank subsidiaries included cash dividends of million for 2023, million for 2022 and billion for 2021. 
 Dividends from nonbank subsidiaries and other affiliates included cash dividends of billion for 2023, billion for 2022 and billion for 2021. 
 Other revenues included ) million for 2023, ) billion for 2022 and ) billion for 2021. 
 Interest income included billion for 2023, billion for 2022 and billion for 2021. 
 Interest expense included billion for 2023, billion for 2022 and billion for 2021. 
 Other expenses included million for 2023, million for 2022 and million for 2021. 
 Group Inc. s other comprehensive income/(loss) was million for 2023, ) million for 2022 and ) million for 2021. 

With subsidiary bank Loans to and receivables from subsidiaries: Bank Nonbank and at fair value) 
 Investments in subsidiaries and other affiliates: Bank Nonbank Trading assets (at fair value) Investments and at fair value) 
 Other assets Total assets Liabilities and shareholders equity Repurchase agreements with subsidiaries (at fair value) Secured borrowings with subsidiaries Payables to subsidiaries Trading liabilities (at fair value) Unsecured short-term borrowings: With third parties and at fair value) 
 With subsidiaries Unsecured long-term borrowings: With third parties and at fair value) 
 With subsidiaries Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments, contingencies and guarantees Shareholders' equity Preferred stock Common stock Share-based awards Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock held in treasury, at cost ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 Supplemental Disclosures: 
 Goldman Sachs Funding LLC, a wholly-owned, direct subsidiary of Group Inc., has provided Group Inc. with a committed line of credit that allows Group Inc. to draw sufficient funds to meet its cash needs in the ordinary course of business. 
 Trading assets included derivative contracts with subsidiaries of million as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. 
 Trading liabilities included derivative contracts with subsidiaries of million as of December 2023 and billion as of December 2022. 
 As of December 2023, unsecured long-term borrowings with subsidiaries by maturity date are billion in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, million in 2028 and billion in 2029-thereafter. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 233 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Undistributed (earnings)/loss of subsidiaries and other affiliates ) ) Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Share-based compensation ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Collateralized transactions (excluding secured borrowings, net) Trading assets ) ) Trading liabilities ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of property, leasehold improvements and equipment ) ) ) Repayments/(issuances) of short-term loans to subsidiaries, net ) Issuance of term loans to subsidiaries ) ) ) Repayments of term loans by subsidiaries Purchase of investments ) ) ) Sales/paydowns of investments Capital distributions from/(contributions to) 
 subsidiaries, net 
 ) ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Secured borrowings with subsidiary, net ) Unsecured short-term borrowings, net: With third parties ) With subsidiaries Issuance of unsecured long-term borrowings Repayment of unsecured long-term borrowings ) ) ) Preferred stock redemption ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Settlement of share-based awards in satisfaction of withholding tax requirements ) ) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents paid on stock and share-based awards ) ) ) Issuance of preferred stock, net of costs Other financing, net ) ) Net cash provided by/(used for) financing activities 
 ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning balance Cash and cash equivalents, ending balance 

Supplemental Disclosures: 
 Cash payments for interest, net of capitalized interest, were billion for 2023, billion for 2022 and billion for 2021, and included billion for 2023, billion for 2022 and billion for 2021 of payments to subsidiaries. 
 Cash payments/(refunds) for income taxes, net, were million for 2023, billion for 2022 and billion for 2021. 
 Non-cash activities during the year ended December 2023: 
 Group Inc. exchanged billion of equity investment in its wholly-owned subsidiaries for loans. 
 Non-cash activities during the year ended December 2022: 
 Group Inc. issued billion of equity in connection with the acquisition of GreenSky. Upon closing of the transaction, GreenSky became a wholly-owned subsidiary of GS Bank USA. 
 Non-cash activities during the year ended December 2021: 
 Group Inc. exchanged million of loans for additional equity investment in its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 

234 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Supplemental Financial Information 

 Common Stock Performance 
 The graph and table below compare the performance of an investment in the firm s common stock from December 31, 2018 (the last trading day before the firm s 2019 fiscal year) through December 31, 2023, with the S P 500 Index (S P 500) and the S P 500 Financials Index (S P 500 Financials). 
 
 As of December 
 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Group Inc. 100.00 140.46 165.01 243.54 224.40 260.10 S P 500 100.00 131.47 155.65 200.29 163.97 207.03 S P 500 Financials 100.00 132.09 129.77 175.01 156.52 175.45 
 The graph and table above assume 100 was invested on December 31, 2018 in each of the firm s common stock, the S P 500 and the S P 500 Financials, and the dividends were reinvested without payment of any commissions. The performance shown represents past performance and should not be considered an indication of future performance. 

Statistical Disclosures 
 Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 The tables below present information about average balances, interest and average interest rates . 
 
 Average Balance for the Year Ended December 
 in millions 2023 2022 2021 Assets U.S. 129,718 151,152 103,182 Non-U.S. 127,250 107,843 95,735 Deposits with banks 256,968 258,995 198,917 U.S. 214,772 241,968 202,841 Non-U.S. 158,347 169,621 148,604 Collateralized agreements 373,119 411,589 351,445 U.S. 205,013 165,331 173,498 Non-U.S. 146,655 123,332 136,075 Trading assets 351,668 288,663 309,573 U.S. 123,828 97,221 69,893 Non-U.S. 15,003 14,696 18,573 Investments 138,831 111,917 88,466 U.S. 156,349 144,781 108,032 Non-U.S. 19,112 22,067 21,455 Loans 175,461 166,848 129,487 U.S. 85,373 95,513 98,086 Non-U.S. 55,043 64,301 55,530 Other interest-earning assets 140,416 159,814 153,616 Interest-earning assets 1,436,463 1,397,826 1,231,504 Cash and due from banks 6,372 7,715 10,804 Other non-interest-earning assets 109,042 137,418 128,521 Assets 1,551,877 1,542,959 1,370,829 Liabilities 
 U.S. 307,686 302,678 231,967 Non-U.S. 82,321 74,662 72,899 Interest-bearing deposits 390,007 377,340 304,866 U.S. 154,341 107,008 110,099 Non-U.S. 93,697 83,783 72,691 Collateralized financings 248,038 190,791 182,790 U.S. 62,254 80,950 67,734 Non-U.S. 76,057 83,657 75,763 Trading liabilities 138,311 164,607 143,497 U.S. 47,878 34,322 31,866 Non-U.S. 27,166 28,675 34,326 Short-term borrowings 75,044 62,997 66,192 U.S. 197,442 221,598 216,864 Non-U.S. 45,611 37,656 29,764 Long-term borrowings 243,053 259,254 246,628 U.S. 149,883 166,200 139,278 Non-U.S. 94,915 98,130 85,913 Other interest-bearing liabilities 244,798 264,330 225,191 Interest-bearing liabilities 1,339,251 1,319,319 1,169,164 Non-interest-bearing deposits 4,733 4,811 5,920 Other non-interest-bearing liabilities 91,194 102,839 94,040 Liabilities 1,435,178 1,426,969 1,269,124 Shareholders equity Preferred stock 10,895 10,703 9,876 Common stock 105,804 105,287 91,829 Shareholders equity 116,699 115,990 101,705 Liabilities and shareholders equity 1,551,877 1,542,959 1,370,829 Percentage attributable to non-U.S. operations 
 Interest-earning assets 36.30 35.90 38.65 Interest-bearing liabilities 31.34 30.82 31.76 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 235 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Supplemental Financial Information 

 Interest for the 
 Year Ended December 
 in millions 2023 2022 2021 Assets U.S. 7,074 2,793 143 Non-U.S. 3,875 440 (167) Deposits with banks 10,949 3,233 (24) U.S. 11,301 3,463 (383) Non-U.S. 5,104 1,005 (597) Collateralized agreements 16,405 4,468 (980) U.S. 5,717 3,362 2,943 Non-U.S. 2,743 1,725 1,773 Trading assets 8,460 5,087 4,716 U.S. 3,055 1,656 991 Non-U.S. 801 543 598 Investments 3,856 2,199 1,589 U.S. 13,332 7,967 4,423 Non-U.S. 1,573 1,092 896 Loans 14,905 9,059 5,319 U.S. 8,266 3,236 1,201 Non-U.S. 5,674 1,742 299 Other interest-earning assets 13,940 4,978 1,500 Interest-earning assets 68,515 29,024 12,120 Liabilities U.S. 13,658 4,959 1,098 Non-U.S. 3,352 864 205 Interest-bearing deposits 17,010 5,823 1,303 U.S. 8,750 2,027 146 Non-U.S. 3,955 781 (146) Collateralized financings 12,705 2,808 U.S. 969 872 661 Non-U.S. 1,484 1,051 1,001 Trading liabilities 2,453 1,923 1,662 U.S. 1,200 408 476 Non-U.S. 122 133 51 Short-term borrowings 1,322 541 527 U.S. 10,838 5,570 3,139 Non-U.S. 246 146 92 Long-term borrowings 11,084 5,716 3,231 U.S. 11,228 2,356 (897) Non-U.S. 6,362 2,179 (176) Other interest-bearing liabilities 17,590 4,535 (1,073) Interest-bearing liabilities 62,164 21,346 5,650 Net interest income U.S. 2,102 6,285 4,695 Non-U.S. 4,249 1,393 1,775 Net interest income 6,351 7,678 6,470 

Average Rate for the 
 Year Ended December 
 2023 2022 2021 Assets U.S. 5.45 1.85 0.14 Non-U.S. 3.05 0.41 (0.17) Deposits with banks 4.26 1.25 (0.01) U.S. 5.26 1.43 (0.19) Non-U.S. 3.22 0.59 (0.40) Collateralized agreements 4.40 1.09 (0.28) U.S. 2.79 2.03 1.70 Non-U.S. 1.87 1.40 1.30 Trading assets 2.41 1.76 1.52 U.S. 2.47 1.70 1.42 Non-U.S. 5.34 3.69 3.22 Investments 2.78 1.96 1.80 U.S. 8.53 5.50 4.09 Non-U.S. 8.23 4.95 4.18 Loans 8.49 5.43 4.11 U.S. 9.68 3.39 1.22 Non-U.S. 10.31 2.71 0.54 Other interest-earning assets 9.93 3.11 0.98 Interest-earning assets 4.77 2.08 0.98 Liabilities U.S. 4.44 1.64 0.47 Non-U.S. 4.07 1.16 0.28 Interest-bearing deposits 
 4.36 1.54 0.43 U.S. 5.67 1.89 0.13 Non-U.S. 4.22 0.93 (0.20) Collateralized financings 5.12 1.47 0.00 U.S. 1.56 1.08 0.98 Non-U.S. 1.95 1.26 1.32 Trading liabilities 1.77 1.17 1.16 U.S. 2.51 1.19 1.49 Non-U.S. 0.45 0.46 0.15 Short-term borrowings 1.76 0.86 0.80 U.S. 5.49 2.51 1.45 Non-U.S. 0.54 0.39 0.31 Long-term borrowings 4.56 2.20 1.31 U.S. 7.49 1.42 (0.64) Non-U.S. 6.70 2.22 (0.20) Other interest-bearing liabilities 7.19 1.72 (0.48) Interest-bearing liabilities 4.64 1.62 0.48 Interest rate spread 0.13 0.46 0.50 U.S. 0.23 0.70 0.62 Non-U.S. 0.81 0.28 0.37 Net yield on interest-earning assets 0.44 0.55 0.53 
 In the tables above: 
 Assets, liabilities and interest are classified as U.S. and non-U.S. based on the location of the legal entity in which the assets and liabilities are held. 
 Derivative instruments and commodities are included in other non-interest-earning assets and other non-interest-bearing liabilities. 
 Average collateralized agreements included 179.35 billion of resale agreements and 193.77 billion of securities borrowed for 2023, 216.73 billion of resale agreements and 194.86 billion of securities borrowed for 2022 and 167.95 billion of resale agreements and 183.50 billion of securities borrowed for 2021. 
 Other interest-earning assets primarily consists of certain receivables from customers and counterparties. 

236 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Supplemental Financial Information 

 Collateralized financings included 198.26 billion of repurchase agreements and 49.78 billion of securities loaned for 2023, 150.23 billion of repurchase agreements and 40.56 billion of securities loaned for 2022, and 145.68 billion of repurchase agreements and 37.11 billion of securities loaned for 2021. 
 Substantially all of the other interest-bearing liabilities consists of certain payables to customers and counterparties. 
 Interest rates for borrowings include the effects of interest rate swaps accounted for as hedges. 
 Loans exclude loans held for sale that are accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value. Such loans are included within other interest-earning assets. 
 Short- and long-term borrowings include both secured and unsecured borrowings. 
 Changes in Net Interest Income, Volume and Rate 
 Analysis 
 The tables below present the effect on net interest income of volume and rate changes. In this analysis, changes due to volume/rate variance have been allocated to volume . Year Ended December 2023 versus December 2022 Increase (decrease) due to change in: in millions Volume Rate Net Change Interest-earning assets U.S. (1,169) 5,450 4,281 Non-U.S. 591 2,844 3,435 Deposits with banks (578) 8,294 7,716 U.S. (1,431) 9,269 7,838 Non-U.S. (363) 4,462 4,099 Collateralized agreements (1,794) 13,731 11,937 U.S. 1,107 1,248 2,355 Non-U.S. 436 582 1,018 Trading assets 1,543 1,830 3,373 U.S. 656 743 1,399 Non-U.S. 16 242 258 Investments 672 985 1,657 U.S. 986 4,379 5,365 Non-U.S. (243) 724 481 Loans 743 5,103 5,846 U.S. (982) 6,012 5,030 Non-U.S. (954) 4,886 3,932 Other interest-earning assets (1,936) 10,898 8,962 Change in interest income (1,350) 40,841 39,491 Interest-bearing liabilities U.S. 222 8,477 8,699 Non-U.S. 312 2,176 2,488 Interest-bearing deposits 534 10,653 11,187 U.S. 2,683 4,040 6,723 Non-U.S. 418 2,756 3,174 Collateralized financings 3,101 6,796 9,897 U.S. (291) 388 97 Non-U.S. (148) 581 433 Trading liabilities (439) 969 530 U.S. 340 452 792 Non-U.S. (7) (4) (11) Short-term borrowings 333 448 781 U.S. (1,326) 6,594 5,268 Non-U.S. 43 57 100 Long-term borrowings (1,283) 6,651 5,368 U.S. (1,222) 10,094 8,872 Non-U.S. (215) 4,398 4,183 Other interest-bearing liabilities (1,437) 14,492 13,055 Change in interest expense 809 40,009 40,818 Change in net interest income (2,159) 832 (1,327) 

Year Ended December 2022 versus December 2021 Increase (decrease) due to change in: in millions Volume Rate Net Change Interest-earning assets U.S. 886 1,764 2,650 Non-U.S. 49 558 607 Deposits with banks 935 2,322 3,257 U.S. 560 3,286 3,846 Non-U.S. 125 1,477 1,602 Collateralized agreements 685 4,763 5,448 U.S. (166) 585 419 Non-U.S. (178) 130 (48) Trading assets (344) 715 371 U.S. 465 200 665 Non-U.S. (143) 88 (55) Investments 322 288 610 U.S. 2,022 1,522 3,544 Non-U.S. 30 166 196 Loans 2,052 1,688 3,740 U.S. (87) 2,122 2,035 Non-U.S. 238 1,205 1,443 Other interest-earning assets 151 3,327 3,478 Change in interest income 3,801 13,103 16,904 Interest-bearing liabilities U.S. 1,159 2,702 3,861 Non-U.S. 20 639 659 Interest-bearing deposits 1,179 3,341 4,520 U.S. (59) 1,940 1,881 Non-U.S. 103 824 927 Collateralized financings 44 2,764 2,808 U.S. 142 69 211 Non-U.S. 99 (49) 50 Trading liabilities 241 20 261 U.S. 29 (97) (68) Non-U.S. (26) 108 82 Short-term borrowings 3 11 14 U.S. 119 2,312 2,431 Non-U.S. 31 23 54 Long-term borrowings 150 2,335 2,485 U.S. 382 2,871 3,253 Non-U.S. 271 2,084 2,355 Other interest-bearing liabilities 653 4,955 5,608 Change in interest expense 2,270 13,426 15,696 Change in net interest income 1,531 (323) 1,208 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 237 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Supplemental Financial Information 

 Deposits 
 The table below presents information about interest-bearing deposits. 
 Year Ended December in millions 2023 2022 Average balances U.S. Savings and demand 241,356 231,693 Time 66,330 70,985 Total U.S. 307,686 302,678 Non-U.S. Demand 57,506 45,066 Time 24,815 29,596 Total non-U.S. 82,321 74,662 Total 390,007 377,340 Average interest rates U.S. Savings and demand 4.57 1.69 Time 3.97 1.48 Total U.S. 4.44 1.64 Non-U.S. Demand 3.99 1.20 Time 4.26 1.09 Total non-U.S. 4.07 1.16 Total 4.36 1.54 
 In the table above, deposits are classified as U.S. and non-U.S. based on the location of the entity in which such deposits are held. 
 The amount of deposits in U.S. offices held by non-U.S. depositors was 10.34 billion as of December 2023 and 6.39 billion as of December 2022. 
 The amount of uninsured deposits in U.S. offices was 111.60 billion as of December 2023 and 128.72 billion as of December 2022. The amount of uninsured deposits in non-U.S. offices was 69.30 billion as of December 2023 and 41.33 billion as of December 2022. 

The table below presents uninsured time deposits by maturity. As of December 2023 in millions U.S. Non-U.S. 3 months or less 3,667 18,133 3 to 6 months 2,253 8,763 6 to 12 months 2,534 2,646 Greater than 12 months 411 1,775 Total 8,865 31,317 
 In the table above: 
 All U.S. time deposits were in accounts eligible for FDIC insurance and non-U.S. time deposits include deposits in accounts eligible for insurance in their local jurisdictions, as well as deposits in uninsured accounts. 
 The insurance limit is allocated between time and other deposits on a pro-rata basis for account holders who have both time and other deposits that, in aggregate, exceed the insurance limit. 
 Loan Portfolio 
 The table below presents information about gross loans. As of December in millions 2023 2022 Corporate 35,874 19 40,135 22 Commercial real estate 26,028 14 28,879 16 Residential real estate 25,388 13 23,035 12 Securities-based 
 14,621 8 16,671 9 Other collateralized 
 62,225 33 51,702 28 Consumer: Installment 3,298 2 6,326 3 Credit cards 19,361 10 15,820 9 Other 1,613 1 2,261 1 Total 188,408 100 184,829 100 

238 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Supplemental Financial Information 

 Maturities and Interest Rates. The table below presents gross loans by tenor. 
 As of December 2023 More than More than 1 year 1 year to 5 years to More than in millions or less 5 years 15 years 15 years Total Corporate 2,813 28,853 4,207 1 35,874 Commercial real estate 4,571 19,663 1,791 3 26,028 Residential real estate 3,522 10,493 127 11,246 25,388 Securities-based 
 14,608 13 14,621 Other collateralized 
 23,660 36,486 1,623 456 62,225 Consumer: Installment 70 803 2,334 91 3,298 Credit cards 19,361 19,361 Other 740 455 416 2 1,613 Total 69,345 96,766 10,498 11,799 188,408 
 The table below presents the gross loans by tenor and for loans with tenors greater than one year, the distributions of such loans between fixed and floating interest rates. 
 As of December 2023 1 year More than one year in millions or less Fixed-rate Floating-rate Total Corporate 2,813 345 32,716 35,874 Commercial real estate 4,571 1,274 20,183 26,028 Residential real estate 3,522 11,937 9,929 25,388 Securities-based 
 14,608 13 14,621 Other collateralized 
 23,660 850 37,715 62,225 Consumer: Installment 70 3,228 3,298 Credit cards 19,361 19,361 Other 740 377 496 1,613 Total 69,345 18,024 101,039 188,408 

Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The table below presents information about the allowance for loan losses. 
 As of December in millions 2023 2022 Corporate 1,307 1,535 Commercial real estate 765 572 Residential real estate 129 122 Other collateralized 
 340 264 Other 35 69 Wholesale 2,576 2,562 Installment 23 831 Credit cards 2,451 2,150 Consumer 2,474 2,981 Total 5,050 5,543 
 The table below presents information about the net charge-off ratio for loans accounted for at amortized cost. 
 Net Average Net charge- in millions charge-offs 
 balance off ratio Year Ended December 2023 Wholesale 400 151,834 0.3 Installment 86 3,721 2.3 Credit cards 1,062 17,028 6.2 Consumer 1,148 20,749 5.5 Total 1,548 172,583 0.9 Year Ended December 2022 Wholesale 253 144,129 0.2 Installment 46 4,711 1.0 Credit cards 427 11,984 3.6 Consumer 473 16,695 2.8 Total 726 160,824 0.5 
 In the table above, the net charge-off ratio is calculated by dividing the net charge-offs by average gross loans accounted for at amortized cost. Net charge-offs for wholesale loans were primarily related to corporate loans for both 2023 and 2022. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 239 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 There were no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure during the last two years. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was carried out by our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. In addition, no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the fourth quarter of our year ended December 31, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 During the quarter ended December 2023, no directors or executive officers , modified or , contracts, instructions or written plans for the sale or purchase of Group Inc. s securities that were intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1 or that constituted non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information about our executive officers is included in Business Information about our Executive Officers in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. Information about our directors, including our audit committee and audit committee financial experts and the procedures by which shareholders can recommend director nominees, and our executive officers will be in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed within 120 days of the end of 2023 (2024 Proxy Statement) and is incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference. Information about our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to our senior financial officers, is included in Business Available Information in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information relating to our executive officer and director compensation and the compensation committee of the Board will be in the 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference. 

240 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Information relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners of our common stock and information relating to the security ownership of our management will be in the 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference. 
 The table below presents information as of December 31, 2023 regarding securities to be issued pursuant to outstanding restricted stock units (RSUs) and securities remaining available for issuance under our equity compensation plans that were in effect during 2023. 
 Plan Category 
 Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options and Rights (a) 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options (b) 
 Securities Available For Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (c) 
 Equity compensation plans: 
 Approved by security holders 
 20,444,953 N/A 58,360,508 Not approved by security holders 
 Total 20,444,953 58,360,508 
 In the table above: 
 Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options and Rights includes 20,444,953 shares that may be issued pursuant to outstanding RSUs. These awards are subject to vesting and other conditions to the extent set forth in the respective award agreements, and the underlying shares will be delivered net of any required tax withholding. As of December 31, 2023, there were no outstanding options. 
 Shares underlying RSUs are deliverable without the payment of any consideration, and therefore the weighted average exercise price is not applicable for these awards. 
 Securities Available For Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans represents shares remaining to be issued under our current stock incentive plan (SIP), excluding shares reflected in column (a). If any shares of common stock underlying awards granted under our current SIP, our SIP adopted in 2018, our SIP adopted in 2015 or our SIP adopted in 2013 are not delivered due to forfeiture, termination or cancellation or are surrendered or withheld, those shares will again become available to be delivered under our current SIP. Shares available for grant are also subject to adjustment for certain changes in corporate structure as permitted under our current SIP. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions and director independence will be in the 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Information regarding principal accountant fees and services will be in the 2024 Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this Report: 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 The consolidated financial statements required to be filed in this Form 10-K are included in Part II, Item 8 hereof. 
 2. Exhibits 
 2.1 Plan of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-74449)). 
 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., amended as of S eptember 15, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3. 2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 18, 2023 ). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., am ended as of N ovember 3, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 20 2 3 ). 
 4.1 Description of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. s Securit ies registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of May 19, 1999, between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 6 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed on June 29, 1999). 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 241 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 4.3 Subordinated Debt Indenture, dated as of February 20, 2004, between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 28, 2003). 
 4.4 Warrant Indenture, dated as of February 14, 2006, between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.34 to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Form S-3, filed on March 1, 2006). 
 4.5 Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of December 4, 2007, among GS Finance Corp., as issuer, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., as guarantor, and The Bank of New York, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.69 to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to Form S-3, filed on December 4, 2007). 
 4.6 Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of July 16, 2008, between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.82 to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 11 to Form S-3 (No. 333-130074), filed on July 17, 2008). 
 4.7 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 31, 2016, between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, with respect to the Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of July 16, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 6, 2017). 
 4.8 Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2008, among GS Finance Corp., as issuer, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.70 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-154173), filed on October 10, 2008). 
 4.9 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 20, 2015, among GS Finance Corp., as issuer, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, with respect to the Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014). 

4.10 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 21, 2018, among GS Finance Corp., as issuer, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, with respect to the Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the period ended September 30, 2018). 
 4.11 Ninth Supplemental Subordinated Debt Indenture, dated as of May 20, 2015, between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, with respect to the Subordinated Debt Indenture, dated as of February 20, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 22, 2015). 
 4.12 Tenth Supplemental Subordinated Debt Indenture, dated as of July 7, 2017, between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, with respect to the Subordinated Debt Indenture, dated as of February 20, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.89 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-219206), filed on July 10, 2017). 
 4.13 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2020, among GS Finance Corp., as issuer, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, with respect to the Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.69 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-239610), filed on July 1, 2020). 
 4.14 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 14, 2020, among GS Finance Corp., as issuer, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, with respect to the Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 14, 2020). 
 Certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the Registrant and its subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S K. The Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish to the SEC, upon request, copies of any such instruments. 

242 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 10.1 The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (2021) (incorporated by reference to Annex C to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on March 19, 2021). 
 10.2 The Goldman Sachs Partner Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-74449)). 
 10.3 The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Restricted Partner Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended February 24, 2006). 
 10.4 Form of Employment Agreement for Participating Managing Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-75213)). 
 10.5 Form of Agreement Relating to Noncompetition and Other Covenants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-75213)). 
 10.6 Amended and Restated Shareholders Agreement, effective as of December 31, 2019, among The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and various parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019). 
 10.7 Form of Amendment, dated November 27, 2004, to Agreement Relating to Noncompetition and Other Covenants, dated May 7, 1999 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 26, 2004). 
 10.8 Form of Non-Employee Director RSU Award Agreement (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014). 
 10.9 Ground Lease, dated August 23, 2005, between Battery Park City Authority d/b/a/ Hugh L. Carey Battery Park City Authority, as Landlord, and Goldman Sachs Headquarters LLC, as Tenant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 26, 2005). 

10.10 General Guarantee Agreement, dated January 30, 2006, made by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. relating to certain obligations of Goldman Sachs Co. LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 25, 2005). 
 10.11 Goldman Sachs Co. LLC Executive Life Insurance Policy and Certificate with Metropolitan Life Insurance Company for Participating Managing Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended August 25, 2006). 
 10.12 Form of Goldman Sachs Co. LLC Executive Life Insurance Policy with Pacific Life Annuity Company for Participating Managing Directors, including policy specifications and form of restriction on Policy Owner s Rights (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended August 25, 2006). 
 10.13 Form of Second Amendment, dated November 25, 2006, to Agreement Relating to Noncompetition and Other Covenants, dated May 7, 1999, as amended effective November 27, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 24, 2006). 
 10.14 Description of PMD Retiree Medical Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021). 
 10.15 General Guarantee Agreement, dated December 1, 2008, made by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. relating to certain obligations of Goldman Sachs Bank USA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.80 to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Form S 3, filed on March 19, 2009). 
 10.16 Form of One-Time RSU Award Agreement (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014). 
 10.17 Amendments to Certain Non-Employee Director Equity Award Agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 28, 2008). 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 243 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 10.18 Form of Year-End RSU Award Agreement (not fully vested) (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference t o Exhibit 10.36 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014). 
 10.19 Form of Year-End RSU Award Agreement (fully vested) (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014). 
 10.20 Form of Year-End RSU Award Agreement (Base and/or Supplemental) (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014). 
 10.21 Form of Year-End Restricted Stock Award Agreement (fully vested) (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013). 
 10.22 Form of Year-End Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Base and/or Supplemental) (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014). 
 10.23 Form of Fixed Allowance RSU Award Agreement (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014). 
 10.24 Form of Deed of Gift (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2010). 
 10.25 The Goldman Sachs Long-Term Performance Incentive Plan, dated December 17, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 23, 2010). 
 10.26 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 23, 2010). 
 10.27 Form of Performance-Based Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 23, 2010). 
 10.28 Form of Performance-Based Cash Compensation Award Agreement (pre-2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 23, 2010). 

10.29 Amended and Restated General Guarantee Agreement, dated November 21, 2011, made by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. relating to certain obligations of Goldman Sachs Bank USA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 21, 2011). 
 10.30 Form of Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011). 
 10.31 Form of Non-Employee Director RSU Award Agreement. 
 10.32 Form of Non-Employee Director RSU Award Agreement (Cash-Settled) 
 10.33 Form of One-Time/Year-End RSU Award Agreement. 
 10.34 Form of Year-End RSU Award Agreement (not fully vested). 
 10.35 Form of Year-End RSU Award Agreement (fully vested). 
 10.36 Form of Year-End RSU Award Agreement (Base (not fully vested) and/or Supplemental). 
 10.37 Form of Year-End Short-Term RSU Award Agreement. 
 10.38 Form of Year-End Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020). 
 10.39 Form of Year-End Restricted Stock Award Agreement (fully vested) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017). 
 10.40 Form of Year-End Short-Term Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015). 
 10.41 Form of Fixed Allowance RSU Award Agreement. 
 10.42 Form of Fixed Allowance Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 
 10.43 Form of Fixed Allowance Deferred Cash Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015). 
 10.44 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (fully vested). 

244 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 10.45 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (not fully vested). 
 10.46 Form of Performance-Based Cash Compensation Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015). 
 10.47 Form of Signature Card for Equity Awards. 
 10.48 Amended and Restated General Guarantee Agreement, dated September 28, 2018, made by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. relating to certain obligations of Goldman Sachs Bank USA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 28, 2018). 
 10.49 Amended and Restated General Guarantee Agreement, dated September 28, 2018, made by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. relating to certain obligations of Goldman Sachs Co. LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 28, 2018). 
 10.50 Lease, dated August 17, 2018, between Farringdon Street Partners Limited and Farringdon Street (Nominee) Limited, as Landlord, and Goldman Sachs International, as Tenant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the period ended September 30, 2018). 
 21.1 List of significant subsidiaries of The Goldman Sachs G roup, Inc. 
 22.1 Issuers of guaranteed securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 22.1 to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-3, filed on February 18, 2021). 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certifications (This information is furnished and not filed for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). 

97.1 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Clawback Policy, effective as of December 1, 2023 . 
 101 Pursuant to Rules 405 and 406 of Regulation S T, the following information is formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended December 31, 2023, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2023, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2023, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2023, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (vi) the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and (vii) the cover page. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL in Exhibit 101). 
 This exhibit is a management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 245 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. 
 By: /s/ Denis P. Coleman III Name: Denis P. Coleman III Title: Chief Financial Officer Date: February 22, 2024 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 By: /s/ David Solomon Name: David Solomon Title: Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: February 22, 2024 By: /s/ M. Michele Burns Name: M. Michele Burns Title: Director Date: February 22, 2024 By: /s/ Mark A. Flaherty Name: Mark A. Flaherty Title: Director Date: February 22, 2024 By: /s/ Kimberley D. Harris Name: Kimberley D. Harris Title: Director Date: February 22, 2024 By: /s/ Kevin R. Johnson Name: Kevin R. Johnson Title: Director Date: February 22, 2024 By: /s/ Ellen J. Kullman Name: Ellen J. Kullman Title: Director Date: February 22, 2024 

By: /s/ Lakshmi N. Mittal Name: Lakshmi N. Mittal Title: Director Date: February 22, 2024 By: /s/ Thomas Montag 
 Name: Thomas Montag 
 Title: Director Date: February 22, 2024 By: /s/ Adebayo O. Ogunlesi Name: Adebayo O. Ogunlesi Title: Director Date: February 22, 2024 By: /s/ Peter Oppenheimer Name: Peter Oppenheimer Title: Director Date: February 22, 2024 By: /s/ Jan E. Tighe Name: Jan E. Tighe Title: Director Date: February 22, 2024 By: /s/ Jessica R. Uhl Name: Jessica R. Uhl Title: Director Date: February 22, 2024 By: /s/ David A. Viniar Name: David A. Viniar Title: Director Date: February 22, 2024 By: /s/ Denis P. Coleman III Name: Denis P. Coleman III Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: February 22, 2024 By: /s/ Sheara J. Fredman Name: Sheara J. Fredman Title: Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Date: February 22, 2024 

246 
 Goldman Sachs 2023 Form 10-K 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 gs-2023form10xkxex41descri.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 
 Exhibit 4.1 

 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2023 
 The following is a description of each class of securities of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (the Company that is registered under Section 12 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of December 31, 2023. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Description of Common Stock 2 Description of the Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1 1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A 5 Description of the Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1 1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C 13 Description of the Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1 1,000th Interest in a Share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D 21 Description of the Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1 1,000th Interest in a Share of 6.375 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series K 29 Description of (i) 5.793 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Normal Automatic Preferred Enhanced Capital Securities of Goldman Sachs Capital II (Fully and Unconditionally Guaranteed by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.) and (ii) Floating Rate Normal Automatic Preferred Enhanced Capital Securities of Goldman Sachs Capital III (Fully and Unconditionally Guaranteed by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.) 36 Description of Medium-Term Notes, Series F, Callable Fixed and Floating Rate Notes due March 2031 of GS Finance Corp. (Fully and Unconditionally Guaranteed by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.) 53 Description of Medium-Term Notes, Series F, Callable Fixed and Floating Rate Notes due May 2031 of GS Finance Corp. (Fully and Unconditionally Guaranteed by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.) 62 

DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 The following is a brief description of the material terms of the Company s common stock. The following summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the pertinent sections of the Company s restated certificate of incorporation and the Company s amended and restated by-laws, which are exhibits to the Annual Report of which this exhibit is a part. Unless the context otherwise provides, all references to the Company in this description refer only to The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and does not include its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Pursuant to the Company s restated certificate of incorporation, the Company s authorized capital stock consists of 4,350,000,000 shares, each with a par value of 0.01 per share, of which 4,000,000,000 shares are designated as common stock and 200,000,000 shares are designated as nonvoting common stock. All outstanding shares of common stock are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, which means that its holders have paid their purchase price in full and that the Company may not ask them to surrender additional funds. 
 The Company s Shareholders Agreement governs, among other things, the voting of shares of common stock owned by participating managing directors of the Company. Shares of common stock subject to the Company s Shareholders Agreement are called voting shares. Before any of the Company s shareholders vote, a separate, preliminary vote is held by the persons covered by the Company s Shareholders Agreement. In the election of directors, all voting shares will be voted in favor of the election of the director nominees receiving the highest numbers of votes cast by the covered persons in the preliminary vote. For all other matters, all voting shares will be voted in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the covered persons in the preliminary vote. 
 Common Stock 
 Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share owned of record on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. There are no cumulative voting rights. Accordingly, the holders of a plurality of the shares of common stock voting in a contested election of directors can elect all the directors if they choose to do so, subject to any voting rights of holders of preferred stock to elect directors. In an uncontested director election, a director must receive a majority of the votes cast for or against the director to be elected. 
 Subject to the preferential rights of any holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock, the holders of common stock, together with the holders of the nonvoting common stock, are entitled to such dividends and distributions, whether payable in cash or otherwise, as may be declared from time to time by the Company s board of directors from legally available funds. Subject to the preferential rights of holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock, upon the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding up and after payment of all prior claims, the holders of common stock, with the shares of the common stock and the nonvoting common stock being considered as a single class for this purpose, will be entitled to receive pro rata all the Company s assets. Holders of common stock have no redemption or conversion rights or preemptive rights to purchase or subscribe for securities of the Company. 
 Nonvoting Common Stock 
 The nonvoting common stock has the same rights and privileges as, ranks equally and shares proportionately with, and is identical in all respects as to all matters to, the common stock, except that the nonvoting common stock has no voting rights other than those voting rights required by law. 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law 
 The Company is subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes a merger, asset sale or a transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns (or, in certain cases, within the preceding three years, did own) 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting stock. Under Section 203, a business combination between the Company and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions 
 prior to the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the board of directors of the Company must have previously approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 -2- 

on consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the Company outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding, for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder), those shares owned (i) by persons who are directors and also officers and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer or 
 at or subsequent to such time the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 The Company s board of directors has adopted a resolution providing that the shareholders agreement will not create an interested stockholder. 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Matters 
 The Company s restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws include a number of provisions that may have the effect of encouraging persons considering unsolicited tender offers or other unilateral takeover proposals to negotiate with the Company s board of directors rather than pursue non-negotiated takeover attempts. These provisions include 
 Constituency Provision 
 In accordance with the Company s restated certificate of incorporation, a director of the Company may (but is not required to) in taking any action (including an action that may involve or relate to a change or potential change in control of the Company), consider, among other things, the effects that the Company s actions may have on other interests or persons (including its employees, former partners of The Goldman Sachs Group, L.P. and the community) in addition to the Company s shareholders. 
 Advance Notice Requirements 
 The Company s amended and restated by-laws establish advance notice procedures with regard to shareholder proposals relating to the nomination of candidates for election as directors or new business to be brought before meetings of shareholders of the Company. These procedures provide that notice of such shareholder proposals must be timely given in writing to the Secretary of the Company prior to the meeting at which the action is to be taken. The time periods vary depending on the nature of the proposal. The notice must contain certain information specified in the amended and restated by-laws and must otherwise comply with the amended and restated by-laws. 
 Limitation on Ability of Shareholders to Call Special Meetings 
 The Company s restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws provide procedures pursuant to which holders of record of not less than 25 of the voting power of outstanding shares of the Company s common stock may call a special meeting of shareholders. The Company s amended and restated by-laws impose certain procedural requirements on shareholders requesting such a meeting (including the provision of the same information required for shareholder proposals at annual meetings under the Company s advance notice by-law provisions described above), as well as qualifications designed to prevent duplicative and unnecessary meetings. 
 No Written Consent of Shareholders 
 The Company s restated certificate of incorporation requires all shareholder actions to be taken by a vote of the shareholders at an annual or special meeting, and does not permit the Company s shareholders to act by written consent without a meeting. 
 Blank Check Preferred Stock 
 The Company s restated certificate of incorporation provides for 150,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock may enable the board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. For example, if in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, the 
 -3- 

board of directors were to determine that a takeover proposal is not in the best interests of the Company, the board of directors could cause shares of preferred stock to be issued without shareholder approval in one or more private offerings or other transactions that might dilute the voting or other rights of the proposed acquiror or insurgent shareholder or shareholder group. In this regard, the restated certificate of incorporation grants the Company s board of directors broad power to establish the rights and preferences of authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of shares of common stock. The issuance may also adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of such holders and may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of the Company. 
 Listing 
 The common stock of the Company is listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol GS. 
 
 -4- 

DESCRIPTION OF THE DEPOSITARY SHARES, EACH REPRESENTING 1 1,000 TH INTEREST IN A SHARE OF FLOATING RATE NON-CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK, SERIES A 
 DESCRIPTION OF SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK 
 The depositary is the sole holder of the Company s Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A (the Series A Preferred Stock ), and all references herein to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall mean the depositary. However, the holders of depositary shares are entitled, through the depositary, to exercise the rights and preferences of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, as described below under Description of Depositary Shares. 
 The following is a brief description of the material terms of the Series A Preferred Stock. The following summary of the terms and provisions of the Series A Preferred Stock does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the pertinent sections of the Company s restated certificate of incorporation, which is an exhibit to the Annual Report of which this exhibit is a part. Unless the context otherwise provides, all references to the Company in this description refer only to The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and does not include its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 General 
 The Company s authorized capital stock includes 150,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. The Series A Preferred Stock is part of a single series of the Company s authorized preferred stock. The Company may from time to time, without notice to or the consent of holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, issue additional shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, up to the maximum number of authorized but unissued shares. 
 Shares of the Series A Preferred Stock rank senior to the Company s common stock, equally with each other series of the Company s preferred stock outstanding as of December 31, 2020 and at least equally to each other series of preferred stock that the Company may issue (except for any senior series that may be issued with the requisite consent of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock), with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. In addition, the Company will generally be able to pay dividends and distributions upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up only out of lawfully available funds for such payment i.e. , after taking account of all indebtedness and other non-equity claims). The Series A Preferred Stock is fully paid and nonassessable, which means that its holders have paid their purchase price in full and that the Company may not ask them to surrender additional funds. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock do not have preemptive or subscription rights to acquire more stock of the Company. 
 The Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of stock or other securities of the Company, except under certain limited circumstances described below under Regulatory Changes Relating to Capital Adequacy. The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and is not subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of the Company to redeem or repurchase the Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock represents non-withdrawable capital, is not a bank deposit and is not insured by the FDIC or any other governmental agency, nor is it the obligation of, or guaranteed by, a bank. 
 Dividends 
 Dividends on shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are not mandatory. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Company s board of directors or a duly authorized committee of the board, out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends under Delaware law, non-cumulative cash dividends from the original issue date, quarterly in arrears on the 10 th day of February, May, August and November of each year (each, a dividend payment date ). These dividends accrue, with respect to each dividend period, on the liquidation preference amount of 25,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share) at a rate per annum equal to the greater of (1) 0.75 above LIBOR (as described below) on the related LIBOR determination date (as described below) or (2) 3.75 . In the event that the Company issues additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock after the original issue date, dividends on such shares may accrue from the original issue date or any other date the Company specifies at the time such additional shares are issued. 
 Dividends will be payable to holders of record of Series A Preferred Stock as they appear on the Company s books on the applicable record date, which shall be the 15th calendar day before that dividend payment date or such other record date fixed by the Company s board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) that is not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior to such dividend payment date (each, a dividend record date ). These dividend record dates will apply regardless of whether a particular dividend record date is a 
 -5- 

business day. The corresponding record dates for the depositary shares are the same as the record dates for the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 A dividend period is the period from and including a dividend payment date to but excluding the next dividend payment date. Dividends payable on the Series A Preferred Stock are computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed in the dividend period. If any date on which dividends would otherwise be payable is not a business day, then the dividend payment date will be the next succeeding business day unless such day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the dividend payment date will be the immediately preceding day that is a business day. 
 For any dividend period, LIBOR shall be determined by the calculation agent on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period in the following manner 
 LIBOR will be the offered rate per annum for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such period, as that rate appears on Moneyline Telerate Page 3750 as of 11 00 A.M., London time, on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period. 
 If the rate described above does not appear on Moneyline Telerate page 3750, LIBOR will be determined on the basis of the rates, at approximately 11 00 A.M., London time, on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period, at which deposits of the following kind are offered to prime banks in the London interbank market by four major banks in that market selected by the calculation agent three-month deposits in U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such dividend period, and in a Representative Amount. The calculation agent will request the principal London office of each of these banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two quotations are provided, LIBOR for the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. 
 If fewer than two quotations are provided as described above, LIBOR for the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period will be the arithmetic mean of the rates for loans of the following kind to leading European banks quoted, at approximately 11 00 A.M. New York City time on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period, by three major banks in New York City selected by the calculation agent three-month loans of U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such dividend period, and in a Representative Amount. 
 If fewer than three banks selected by the calculation agent are quoting as described above, LIBOR for the new dividend period will be LIBOR in effect for the prior dividend period. 
 Under the Federal Reserve System s FRB final rule and the Adjustable Interest Rate Act LIBOR Act ), on the first London business day following June 30, 2023, LIBOR was replaced with three-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus the statutorily prescribed tenor spread, with three-month term SOFR determined by the calculation agent on the second U.S. government securities business day immediately preceding the first day of the applicable dividend period. 
 The calculation agent s determination of any dividend rate, and its calculation of the amount of dividends for any dividend period, will be on file at the Company s principal offices, will be made available to any stockholder upon request and will be final and binding in the absence of manifest error. 
 This subsection uses several terms that have special meanings relevant to calculating LIBOR. Those terms have the following meanings 
 The term Representative Amount means an amount that, in the calculation agent s judgment, is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
 The term Moneyline Telerate Page means the display on Moneyline Telerate, Inc., or any successor service, on the page or pages specified herein or any replacement page or pages on that service. 
 The term business day means a day that is a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday and is not a day on which banking institutions in New York City generally are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 
 -6- 

The term London business day means a day that is a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday and is a day on which dealings in U.S. dollars are transacted in the London interbank market. 
 Dividends on shares of Series A Preferred Stock are not cumulative. Accordingly, if the board of directors of the Company, or a duly authorized committee of the board, does not declare a dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock payable in respect of any dividend period before the related dividend payment date, such dividend will not accrue and the Company will have no obligation to pay a dividend for that dividend period on the dividend payment date or at any future time, whether or not dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are declared for any future dividend period. 
 So long as any share of Series A Preferred Stock remains outstanding, no dividend shall be paid or declared on the Company s common stock or any other shares of the Company s junior stock (as defined below) (other than a dividend payable solely in junior stock), and no common stock or other junior stock shall be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by the Company, directly or indirectly (other than as a result of a reclassification of junior stock for or into other junior stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of junior stock for or into another share of junior stock and other than through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of junior stock), during a dividend period, unless the full dividends for the latest completed dividend period on all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been declared and paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside). However, the foregoing provision shall not restrict the ability of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, or any of the Company s other affiliates, to engage in any market-making transactions in the Company s junior stock in the ordinary course of business. 
 As used in this description of the Series A Preferred Stock, junior stock means any class or series of stock of the Company that ranks junior to the Series A Preferred Stock either as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. Junior stock includes the Company s common stock. 
 When dividends are not paid (or duly provided for) on any dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock, as defined below, having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series A Preferred Stock, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series A Preferred Stock) in full upon the Series A Preferred Stock and any shares of parity stock, all dividends declared upon the Series A Preferred Stock and all such equally ranking securities payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series A Preferred Stock, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series A Preferred Stock) shall be declared pro rata so that the respective amounts of such dividends shall bear the same ratio to each other as all accrued but unpaid dividends per share on the Series A Preferred Stock and all parity stock payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series A Preferred Stock, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series A Preferred Stock) bear to each other. 
 As used in this description of the Series A Preferred Stock, parity stock means any other class or series of stock of the Company that ranks equally with the Series A Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 
 Subject to the foregoing, such dividends (payable in cash, stock or otherwise) as may be determined by the Company s board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) may be declared and paid on the Company s common stock and any other stock ranking equally with or junior to the Series A Preferred Stock from time to time out of any funds legally available for such payment, and the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividend. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive out of assets of the Company available for distribution to stockholders, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors, if any, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of common stock or of any of the Company s other shares of stock ranking junior as to such a distribution to the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, a liquidating distribution in the amount of 25,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share) plus declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any other amounts from the Company after they have received their full liquidation preference. 
 In any such distribution, if the assets of the Company are not sufficient to pay the liquidation preferences in full to all holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and all holders of any other shares of the Company s stock ranking equally as to such distribution with the Series A Preferred Stock, the amounts paid to the holders of 
 -7- 

Series A Preferred Stock and to the holders of all such other stock will be paid pro rata in accordance with the respective aggregate liquidation preferences of those holders. In any such distribution, the liquidation preference of any holder of preferred stock means the amount payable to such holder in such distribution, including any declared but unpaid dividends (and any unpaid, accrued cumulative dividends in the case of any holder of stock on which dividends accrue on a cumulative basis). If the liquidation preference has been paid in full to all holders of Series A Preferred Stock, the holders of the Company s other stock shall be entitled to receive all remaining assets of the Company according to their respective rights and preferences. 
 For purposes of this description of the Series A Preferred Stock, the merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity, including a merger or consolidation in which the holders of Series A Preferred Stock receive cash, securities or property for their shares, or the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company for cash, securities or other property shall not constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 
 Redemption 
 The Series A Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar provisions. The Series A Preferred Stock is currently redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days notice, at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share), plus declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock have no right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 If shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption shall be given by first-class mail to the holders of record of the Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed, mailed not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof provided that, if the depositary shares representing the Series A Preferred Stock are held in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company, or DTC, the Company may give such notice in any manner permitted by the DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth (i) the redemption date, (ii) the number of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder, (iii) the redemption price and (iv) the place or places where holders may surrender certificates evidencing shares of Series A Preferred Stock for payment of the redemption price. If notice of redemption of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock has been given and if the funds necessary for such redemption have been set aside by the Company for the benefit of the holders of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, from and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such shares of Series A Preferred Stock, such shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. 
 In case of any redemption of only part of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares to be redeemed shall be selected either pro rata or in such other manner as the Company may determine to be fair and equitable. 
 See Description of Depositary Shares below for information about redemption of the depositary shares relating to the Company s Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Regulatory Changes Relating to Capital Adequacy 
 The SEC had previously approved the application of the Company and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC to be supervised by the SEC as a consolidated supervised entity CSE pursuant to the SEC s rules at that time relating to CSEs (referred to as the CSE Rules ). The Company treated the Series A Preferred Stock as allowable capital in accordance with the CSE Rules (such capital is referred to below as Allowable Capital ). 
 If the regulatory capital requirements that apply to the Company change in the future, the Series A Preferred Stock may be converted, at the Company s option and without consent of the holders, into a new series of preferred stock, subject to the limitations described below. The Company will be entitled to exercise this conversion right as follows. 
 If both of the following occur 
 the Company (by election or otherwise) becomes subject to any law, rule, regulation or guidance (together, regulations relating to the Company s capital adequacy, which regulation (i) modifies the existing requirements for treatment as Allowable Capital, (ii) provides for a type or level of capital characterized as Tier 1 or its equivalent pursuant to regulations of any governmental body having jurisdiction over the Company (or any of the 
 -8- 

Company s subsidiaries or consolidated affiliates) and implementing capital standards published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, the SEC, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board or any other United States national governmental body, or any other applicable regime based on capital standards published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or its successor, or (iii) provides for a type of capital that in the Company s judgment (after consultation with counsel of recognized standing) is substantially equivalent to such Tier 1 capital (such capital described in either (ii) or (iii) is referred to below as Tier 1 Capital Equivalent ), and 
 the Company affirmatively elects to qualify the Series A Preferred Stock for such Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent treatment without any sublimit or other quantitative restriction on the inclusion of the Series A Preferred Stock in Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent (other than any limitation the Company elects to accept and any limitation requiring that common equity or a specified form of common equity constitute the dominant form of Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent) under such regulations, 
 then, upon such affirmative election, the Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible at the Company s option into a new series of preferred stock having terms and provisions substantially identical to those of the Series A Preferred Stock, except that such new series may have such additional or modified rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, and such limitations and restrictions thereof, as are necessary, in the Company s judgment (after consultation with counsel of recognized standing), to comply with the Required Unrestricted Capital Provisions (defined below), provided that the Company will not cause any such conversion unless the Company determines that the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of such new series of preferred stock, taken as a whole, are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series A Preferred Stock, taken as a whole. For example, the Company could agree to restrict its ability to pay dividends on or redeem the new series of preferred stock for a specified period or indefinitely, to the extent permitted by the terms and provisions of the new series of preferred stock, since such a restriction would be permitted in the Company s discretion under the terms and provisions of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 The Company will provide notice to holders of the Series A Preferred Stock of any election to qualify the Series A Preferred Stock for Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent treatment and of any determination to convert the Series A Preferred Stock into a new series of preferred stock, promptly upon the effectiveness of any such election or determination. A copy of any such notice and of the relevant regulations will be on file at the Company s principal offices and, upon request, will be made available to any stockholder. 
 As used above, the term Required Unrestricted Capital Provisions means the terms that are, in the Company s judgment (after consultation with counsel of recognized standing), required for preferred stock to be treated as Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent, as applicable, without any sublimit or other quantitative restriction on the inclusion of such preferred stock in Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent (other than any limitation the Company elects to accept and any limitation requiring that common equity or a specified form of common equity constitute the dominant form of Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent) pursuant to applicable regulations. 
 Voting Rights 
 Except as provided below, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock have no voting rights. 
 Whenever dividends on any shares of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of six or more dividend payments, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods (as used in this section, a Nonpayment ), the holders of such shares, voting together as a class with holders of any and all other series of voting preferred stock (as defined below) then outstanding, will be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two additional members of the Company s board of directors (as used in this section, the Preferred Stock Directors ), provided that the election of any such directors shall not cause the Company to violate the corporate governance requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange on which the Company s securities may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors. In that event, the number of directors on the Company s board of directors shall automatically increase by two, and the new directors shall be elected at a special meeting called at the request of the holders of record of at least 20 of the Series A Preferred Stock or of any other series of voting preferred stock (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election shall be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue until dividends on the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and any such series of voting preferred stock for at least four dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, following the Nonpayment shall have been fully paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of such dividends shall have been set aside for payment). 
 -9- 

As used in this description of the Series A Preferred Stock, voting preferred stock means any other class or series of preferred stock of the Company ranking equally with the Series A Preferred Stock either as to dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable. Whether a plurality, majority or other portion of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock and any other voting preferred stock have been voted in favor of any matter shall be determined by reference to the liquidation amounts of the shares voted. 
 If and when dividends for at least four dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, following a Nonpayment have been paid in full (or declared and a sum sufficient for such payment shall have been set aside), the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment) and, if such voting rights for all other holders of voting preferred stock have terminated, the term of office of each Preferred Stock Director so elected shall terminate and the number of directors on the board of directors shall automatically decrease by two. In determining whether dividends have been paid for four dividend periods following a Nonpayment, the Company may take account of any dividend the Company elects to pay for such a dividend period after the regular dividend date for that period has passed. Any Preferred Stock Director may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock when they have the voting rights described above (voting together as a class with all series of voting preferred stock then outstanding). So long as a Nonpayment shall continue, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Stock Director (other than prior to the initial election after a Nonpayment) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Stock Director remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock when they have the voting rights described above (voting together as a class with all series of voting preferred stock then outstanding). The Preferred Stock Directors shall each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter. 
 So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the Company will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and all other series of voting preferred stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting 
 amend or alter the provisions of the Company s restated certificate of incorporation so as to authorize or create, or increase the authorized amount of, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company 
 amend, alter or repeal the provisions of the Company s restated certificate of incorporation so as to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series A Preferred Stock, taken as a whole or 
 consummate a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the Series A Preferred Stock or a merger or consolidation of the Company with another entity, unless in each case (i) the shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which the Company is not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) such shares remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series A Preferred Stock, taken as a whole 
 provided, however , that any increase in the amount of the authorized or issued Series A Preferred Stock or authorized preferred stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of preferred stock ranking equally with and or junior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company will not be deemed to adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series A Preferred Stock. In addition, any conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock upon the occurrence of certain regulatory events, as discussed above under Regulatory Changes Relating to Capital Adequacy, will not be deemed to adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 If an amendment, alteration, repeal, share exchange, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would adversely affect one or more but not all series of voting preferred stock (including the Series A Preferred Stock for this purpose), then only the series affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all such series of preferred stock. 
 -10- 

Without the consent of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, so long as such action does not adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series A Preferred Stock, taken as a whole, the Company may amend, alter, supplement or repeal any terms of the Series A Preferred Stock 
 to cure any ambiguity, or to cure, correct or supplement any provision contained in the certificate of designation for the Series A Preferred Stock that may be defective or inconsistent or 
 to make any provision with respect to matters or questions arising with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock that is not inconsistent with the provisions of the certificate of designations. 
 The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been set aside by the Company for the benefit of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock to effect such redemption. 
 DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES 
 Please note that as used in this section, references to holders of depositary shares mean those who own depositary shares registered in their own names, on the books that the Company or the depositary maintain for this purpose, and not indirect holders who own beneficial interests in depositary shares registered in street name or issued in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company. 
 General 
 The Company has issued fractional interests in shares of preferred stock in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1 1,000 th ownership interest in a share of Series A Preferred Stock and evidenced by a depositary receipt. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock represented by depositary shares are deposited under a deposit agreement among the Company, the depositary and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts evidencing the depositary shares. Subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, each holder of a depositary share is entitled, through the depositary, in proportion to the applicable fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock represented by such depositary share, to all the rights and preferences of the Series A Preferred Stock represented thereby (including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation rights). 
 Dividends and Other Distributions 
 The depositary will distribute any cash dividends or other cash distributions received in respect of the deposited Series A Preferred Stock to the record holders of depositary shares relating to the underlying Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by the holders. The depositary will distribute any property received by it other than cash to the record holders of depositary shares entitled to those distributions, unless it determines that the distribution cannot be made proportionally among those holders or that it is not feasible to make a distribution. In that event, the depositary may, with the Company s approval, sell the property and distribute the net proceeds from the sale to the holders of the depositary shares in proportion to the number of depositary shares they hold. 
 Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the depositary shares will be the same as the corresponding record dates for the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 The amounts distributed to holders of depositary shares will be reduced by any amounts required to be withheld by the depositary or by the Company on account of taxes or other governmental charges. 
 Redemption of Depositary Shares 
 If the Company redeems the Series A Preferred Stock represented by the depositary shares, the depositary shares will be redeemed from the proceeds received by the depositary resulting from the redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock held by the depositary. The redemption price per depositary share will be equal to 1 1,000 th of the redemption price per share payable with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock (or 25 per depositary share). Whenever the Company redeems shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number of depositary shares representing shares of Series A Preferred Stock so redeemed. 
 In case of any redemption of less than all of the outstanding depositary shares, the depositary shares to be redeemed will be selected by the depositary pro rata or in such other manner determined by the depositary to 
 -11- 

be equitable. In any such case, the Company will redeem depositary shares only in increments of 1,000 shares and any multiple thereof. 
 Voting the Series A Preferred Stock 
 When the depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail the information contained in the notice to the record holders of the depositary shares relating to the Series A Preferred Stock. Each record holder of the depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the Series A Preferred Stock, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of the Series A Preferred Stock represented by the holder s depositary shares. To the extent possible, the depositary will vote the amount of the Series A Preferred Stock represented by depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. The Company will agree to take all reasonable actions that the depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any depositary shares representing the Series A Preferred Stock, it will vote all depositary shares of that series held by it proportionately with instructions received. 
 Listing 
 The depositary shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol GS PrA. 
 Form of Preferred Stock and Depositary Shares 
 The depositary shares are issued in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company. The Series A Preferred Stock is issued in registered form to the depositary. 
 
 -12- 

DESCRIPTION OF THE DEPOSITARY SHARES, EACH REPRESENTING 1 1,000 TH INTEREST IN A SHARE OF FLOATING RATE NON-CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK, SERIES C 
 DESCRIPTION OF SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK 
 The depositary is the sole holder of the Company s Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C (the Series C Preferred Stock ), and all references herein to the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock shall mean the depositary. However, the holders of depositary shares are entitled, through the depositary, to exercise the rights and preferences of the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock, as described below under Description of Depositary Shares. 
 The following is a brief description of the material terms of the Series C Preferred Stock. The following summary of the terms and provisions of the Series C Preferred Stock does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the pertinent sections of the Company s restated certificate of incorporation, which is an exhibit to the Annual Report of which this exhibit is a part. Unless the context otherwise provides, all references to the Company in this description refer only to The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and does not include its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 General 
 The Company s authorized capital stock includes 150,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. The Series C Preferred Stock is part of a single series of the Company s authorized preferred stock. The Company may from time to time, without notice to or the consent of holders of the Series C Preferred Stock, issue additional shares of the Series C Preferred Stock, up to the maximum number of authorized but unissued shares. 
 Shares of the Series C Preferred Stock rank senior to the Company s common stock, equally with each other series of the Company s preferred stock outstanding as of December 31, 2020 and at least equally with each other series of preferred stock that the Company may issue (except for any senior series that may be issued with the requisite consent of the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock), with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. In addition, the Company will generally be able to pay dividends and distributions upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up only out of lawfully available funds for such payment i.e. , after taking account of all indebtedness and other non-equity claims). The Series C Preferred Stock is fully paid and nonassessable, which means that its holders have paid their purchase price in full and that the Company may not ask them to surrender additional funds. Holders of Series C Preferred Stock do not have preemptive or subscription rights to acquire more stock of the Company. 
 The Series C Preferred Stock is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of stock or other securities of the Company, except under certain limited circumstances described below under Regulatory Changes Relating to Capital Adequacy. The Series C Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and is not subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of the Company to redeem or repurchase the Series C Preferred Stock. The Series C Preferred Stock represents non-withdrawable capital, is not a bank deposit and is not insured by the FDIC or any other governmental agency, nor is it the obligation of, or guaranteed by, a bank. 
 Dividends 
 Dividends on shares of the Series C Preferred Stock are not mandatory. Holders of Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Company s board of directors or a duly authorized committee of the board, out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends under Delaware law, non-cumulative cash dividends from the original issue date, quarterly in arrears on the 10 th day of February, May, August, and November of each year (each, a dividend payment date ). These dividends accrue, with respect to each dividend period, on the liquidation preference amount of 25,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share) at a rate per annum equal to the greater of (1) 0.75 above LIBOR (as described below) on the related LIBOR determination date (as described below) or (2) 4.00 . In the event that the Company issues additional shares of Series C Preferred Stock after the original issue date, dividends on such shares may accrue from the original issue date or any other date the Company specifies at the time such additional shares are issued. 
 Dividends will be payable to holders of record of Series C Preferred Stock as they appear on the Company s books on the applicable record date, which shall be the 15 th calendar day before that dividend payment date or such other record date fixed by the Company s board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) that is not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior to such dividend payment date (each, a dividend record date ). These dividend record dates will apply regardless of whether a particular dividend record date is a 
 -13- 

business day. The corresponding record dates for the depositary shares are the same as the record dates for the Series C Preferred Stock. 
 A dividend period is the period from and including a dividend payment date to but excluding the next dividend payment date. Dividends payable on the Series C Preferred Stock are computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed in the dividend period. If any date on which dividends would otherwise be payable is not a business day, then the dividend payment date will be the next succeeding business day unless such day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the dividend payment date will be the immediately preceding day that is a business day. 
 For any dividend period, LIBOR shall be determined by the calculation agent on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period in the following manner 
 LIBOR will be the offered rate per annum for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such period, as that rate appears on Moneyline Telerate Page 3750 as of 11 00 A.M., London time, on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period. 
 If the rate described above does not appear on Moneyline Telerate page 3750, LIBOR will be determined on the basis of the rates, at approximately 11 00 A.M., London time, on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period, at which deposits of the following kind are offered to prime banks in the London interbank market by four major banks in that market selected by the calculation agent three-month deposits in U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such dividend period, and in a Representative Amount. The calculation agent will request the principal London office of each of these banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two quotations are provided, LIBOR for the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. 
 If fewer than two quotations are provided as described above, LIBOR for the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period will be the arithmetic mean of the rates for loans of the following kind to leading European banks quoted, at approximately 11 00 A.M. New York City time on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period, by three major banks in New York City selected by the calculation agent three-month loans of U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such dividend period, and in a Representative Amount. 
 If fewer than three banks selected by the calculation agent are quoting as described above, LIBOR for the new dividend period will be LIBOR in effect for the prior dividend period. 
 Under the FRB s final rule and the LIBOR Act, on the first London business day following June 30, 2023, LIBOR was replaced with three-month term SOFR plus the statutorily prescribed tenor spread, with three-month term SOFR determined by the calculation agent on the second U.S. government securities business day immediately preceding the first day of the applicable dividend period. 
 The calculation agent s determination of any dividend rate, and its calculation of the amount of dividends for any dividend period, will be on file at the Company s principal offices, will be made available to any stockholder upon request and will be final and binding in the absence of manifest error. 
 This subsection uses several terms that have special meanings relevant to calculating LIBOR. Those terms have the following meanings 
 The term Representative Amount means an amount that, in the calculation agent s judgment, is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
 The term Moneyline Telerate Page means the display on Moneyline Telerate, Inc., or any successor service, on the page or pages specified herein or any replacement page or pages on that service. 
 The term business day means a day that is a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday and is not a day on which banking institutions in New York City generally are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 
 The term London business day means a day that is a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday and is a day on which dealings in U.S. dollars are transacted in the London interbank market. 
 -14- 

Dividends on shares of Series C Preferred Stock are not cumulative. Accordingly, if the board of directors of the Company, or a duly authorized committee of the board, does not declare a dividend on the Series C Preferred Stock payable in respect of any dividend period before the related dividend payment date, such dividend will not accrue and the Company will have no obligation to pay a dividend for that dividend period on the dividend payment date or at any future time, whether or not dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock are declared for any future dividend period. 
 So long as any share of Series C Preferred Stock remains outstanding, no dividend shall be paid or declared on the Company s common stock or any other shares of the Company s junior stock (as defined below) (other than a dividend payable solely in junior stock), and no common stock or other junior stock shall be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by the Company, directly or indirectly (other than as a result of a reclassification of junior stock for or into other junior stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of junior stock for or into another share of junior stock and other than through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of junior stock), during a dividend period, unless the full dividends for the latest completed dividend period on all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock have been declared and paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside). However, the foregoing provision shall not restrict the ability of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, or any of the Company s other affiliates, to engage in any market-making transactions in the Company s junior stock in the ordinary course of business. 
 As used in this description of the Series C Preferred Stock, junior stock means any class or series of stock of the Company that ranks junior to the Series C Preferred Stock either as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. Junior stock includes the Company s common stock. 
 When dividends are not paid (or duly provided for) on any dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock, as defined below, having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series C Preferred Stock, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series C Preferred Stock) in full upon the Series C Preferred Stock and any shares of parity stock, all dividends declared upon the Series C Preferred Stock and all such equally ranking securities payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series C Preferred Stock, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series C Preferred Stock) shall be declared pro rata so that the respective amounts of such dividends shall bear the same ratio to each other as all accrued but unpaid dividends per share on the Series C Preferred Stock and all parity stock payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series C Preferred Stock, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series C Preferred Stock) bear to each other. 
 As used in this description of the Series C Preferred Stock, parity stock means any other class or series of stock of the Company that ranks equally with the Series C Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 
 Subject to the foregoing, such dividends (payable in cash, stock or otherwise) as may be determined by the Company s board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) may be declared and paid on the Company s common stock and any other stock ranking equally with or junior to the Series C Preferred Stock from time to time out of any funds legally available for such payment, and the shares of the Series C Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividend. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, holders of the Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to receive out of assets of the Company available for distribution to stockholders, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors, if any, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of common stock or of any of the Company s other shares of stock ranking junior as to such a distribution to the shares of Series C Preferred Stock, a liquidating distribution in the amount of 25,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share) plus declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. Holders of the Series C Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any other amounts from the Company after they have received their full liquidation preference. 
 In any such distribution, if the assets of the Company are not sufficient to pay the liquidation preferences in full to all holders of the Series C Preferred Stock and all holders of any other shares of the Company s stock ranking equally as to such distribution with the Series C Preferred Stock, the amounts paid to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock and to the holders of all such other stock will be paid pro rata in accordance with the respective aggregate liquidation preferences of those holders. In any such distribution, the liquidation preference of any holder of preferred stock means the amount payable to such holder in such distribution, including any declared but unpaid dividends (and any unpaid, accrued cumulative dividends in the case of any 
 -15- 

holder of stock on which dividends accrue on a cumulative basis). If the liquidation preference has been paid in full to all holders of the Company s Series C Preferred Stock and any other shares of the Company s stock ranking equally as to the liquidation distribution, the holders of the Company s other stock shall be entitled to receive all remaining assets of the Company according to their respective rights and preferences. 
 For purposes of this description of the Series C Preferred Stock, the merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity, including a merger or consolidation in which the holders of Series C Preferred Stock receive cash, securities or property for their shares, or the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company for cash, securities or other property shall not constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 
 Redemption 
 The Series C Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar provisions. The Series C Preferred Stock is currently redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days notice, at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. Holders of Series C Preferred Stock have no right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series C Preferred Stock. 
 If shares of the Series C Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption shall be given by first class mail to the holders of record of the Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed, mailed not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof provided that, if the depositary shares representing the Series C Preferred Stock are held in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company, or DTC, the Company may give such notice in any manner permitted by the DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth (i) the redemption date, (ii) the number of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder, (iii) the redemption price and (iv) the place or places where holders may surrender certificates evidencing shares of Series C Preferred Stock for payment of the redemption price. If notice of redemption of any shares of Series C Preferred Stock has been given and if the funds necessary for such redemption have been set aside by the Company for the benefit of the holders of any shares of Series C Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, from and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such shares of Series C Preferred Stock, such shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. 
 In case of any redemption of only part of the shares of the Series C Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares to be redeemed shall be selected either pro rata or in such other manner as the Company may determine to be fair and equitable. 
 See Description of Depositary Shares below for information about redemption of the depositary shares relating to the Company s Series C Preferred Stock. 
 Regulatory Changes Relating to Capital Adequacy 
 The Company was previously regulated by the SEC as a consolidated supervised entity CSE pursuant to the SEC s rules at that time relating to CSEs (referred to as the CSE Rules ). The Company treated the Series C Preferred Stock as allowable capital in accordance with the CSE Rules (such capital is referred to below as Allowable Capital ). 
 If the regulatory capital requirements that apply to the Company change in the future, the Series C Preferred Stock may be converted, at the Company s option and without consent of the holders, into a new series of preferred stock, subject to the limitations described below. The Company will be entitled to exercise this conversion right as follows. 
 If both of the following occur 
 the Company (by election or otherwise) becomes subject to any law, rule, regulation or guidance (together, regulations relating to the Company s capital adequacy, which regulation (i) modifies the existing requirements for treatment as Allowable Capital, (ii) provides for a type or level of capital characterized as Tier 1 or its equivalent pursuant to regulations of any governmental body having jurisdiction over the Company (or any of the Company s subsidiaries or consolidated affiliates) and implementing capital standards published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, the SEC, the Federal Reserve Board or any other United States national governmental body, or any other applicable regime 
 -16- 

based on capital standards published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or its successor, or (iii) provides for a type of capital that in the Company s judgment (after consultation with counsel of recognized standing) is substantially equivalent to such Tier 1 capital (such capital described in either (ii) or (iii) is referred to below as Tier 1 Capital Equivalent ), and 
 the Company affirmatively elects to qualify the Series C Preferred Stock for such Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent treatment without any sublimit or other quantitative restriction on the inclusion of the Series C Preferred Stock in Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent (other than any limitation the Company elects to accept and any limitation requiring that common equity or a specified form of common equity constitute the dominant form of Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent) under such regulations, 
 then, upon such affirmative election, the Series C Preferred Stock shall be convertible at the Company s option into a new series of preferred stock having terms and provisions substantially identical to those of the Series C Preferred Stock, except that such new series may have such additional or modified rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, and such limitations and restrictions thereof, as are necessary, in the Company s judgment (after consultation with counsel of recognized standing), to comply with the Required Unrestricted Capital Provisions (defined below), provided that the Company will not cause any such conversion unless the Company determines that the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of such new series of preferred stock, taken as a whole, are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series C Preferred Stock, taken as a whole. For example, the Company could agree to restrict its ability to pay dividends on or redeem the new series of preferred stock for a specified period or indefinitely, to the extent permitted by the terms and provisions of the new series of preferred stock, since such a restriction would be permitted in the Company s discretion under the terms and provisions of the Series C Preferred Stock. 
 The Company will provide notice to holders of the Series C Preferred Stock of any election to qualify the Series C Preferred Stock for Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent treatment and of any determination to convert the Series C Preferred Stock into a new series of preferred stock, promptly upon the effectiveness of any such election or determination. A copy of any such notice and of the relevant regulations will be on file at the Company s principal offices and, upon request, will be made available to any stockholder. 
 As used above, the term Required Unrestricted Capital Provisions means the terms that are, in the Company s judgment (after consultation with counsel of recognized standing), required for preferred stock to be treated as Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent, as applicable, without any sublimit or other quantitative restriction on the inclusion of such preferred stock in Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent (other than any limitation the Company elects to accept and any limitation requiring that common equity or a specified form of common equity constitute the dominant form of Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent) pursuant to applicable regulations. 
 Voting Rights 
 Except as provided below, the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock have no voting rights. 
 Whenever dividends on any shares of the Series C Preferred Stock shall have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of six or more dividend payments, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods (as used in this section, a Nonpayment ), the holders of such shares, voting together as a class with holders of any and all other series of voting preferred stock (as defined below) then outstanding, will be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two additional members of the Company s board of directors (as used in this section, the Preferred Stock Directors ), provided that the election of any such directors shall not cause the Company to violate the corporate governance requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange on which the Company s securities may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors and provided further that the Company s board of directors shall at no time include more than two Preferred Stock Directors. In that event, the number of directors on the Company s board of directors shall automatically increase by two, and the new directors shall be elected at a special meeting called at the request of the holders of record of at least 20 of the Series C Preferred Stock or of any other series of voting preferred stock (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election shall be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue until dividends on the shares of the Series C Preferred Stock and any such series of voting preferred stock for at least four dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, following the Nonpayment shall have been fully paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of such dividends shall have been set aside for payment). 
 As used in this description of the Series C Preferred Stock, voting preferred stock means any other class or series of preferred stock of the Company ranking equally with the Series C Preferred Stock either as to 
 -17- 

dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable. Whether a plurality, majority or other portion of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock and any other voting preferred stock have been voted in favor of any matter shall be determined by reference to the liquidation amounts of the shares voted. 
 If and when dividends for at least four dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, following a Nonpayment have been paid in full (or declared and a sum sufficient for such payment shall have been set aside), the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment) and, if such voting rights for all other holders of voting preferred stock have terminated, the term of office of each Preferred Stock Director so elected shall terminate and the number of directors on the board of directors shall automatically decrease by two. In determining whether dividends have been paid for four dividend periods following a Nonpayment, the Company may take account of any dividend the Company elects to pay for such a dividend period after the regular dividend date for that period has passed. Any Preferred Stock Director may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock when they have the voting rights described above (voting together as a class with all series of voting preferred stock then outstanding). So long as a Nonpayment shall continue, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Stock Director (other than prior to the initial election after a Nonpayment) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Stock Director remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock and all voting preferred stock when they have the voting rights described above (voting together as a class). The Preferred Stock Directors shall each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter. 
 So long as any shares of Series C Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the Company will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock and all other series of voting preferred stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting 
 amend or alter the provisions of the Company s restated certificate of incorporation so as to authorize or create, or increase the authorized amount of, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company 
 amend, alter or repeal the provisions of the Company s restated certificate of incorporation so as to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series C Preferred Stock, taken as a whole or 
 consummate a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the Series C Preferred Stock or a merger or consolidation of the Company with another entity, unless in each case (i) the shares of Series C Preferred Stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which the Company is not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) such shares remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series C Preferred Stock, taken as a whole 
 provided, however , that any increase in the amount of the authorized or issued Series C Preferred Stock or authorized preferred stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of preferred stock ranking equally with and or junior to the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company will not be deemed to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series C Preferred Stock. In addition, any conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock upon the occurrence of certain regulatory events, as discussed above under Regulatory Changes Relating to Capital Adequacy, will not be deemed to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series C Preferred Stock. 
 If an amendment, alteration, repeal, share exchange, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would adversely affect one or more but not all series of voting preferred stock (including the Series C Preferred Stock for this purpose), then only the series affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all such series of preferred stock. 
 Without the consent of the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock, so long as such action does not adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series C Preferred Stock, the Company may amend, alter, supplement or repeal any terms of the Series C Preferred Stock 
 -18- 

to cure any ambiguity, or to cure, correct or supplement any provision contained in the certificate of designation for the Series C Preferred Stock that may be defective or inconsistent or 
 to make any provision with respect to matters or questions arising with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock that is not inconsistent with the provisions of the certificate of designations. 
 The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been set aside by the Company for the benefit of the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock to effect such redemption. 
 DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES 
 Please note that as used in this section, references to holders of depositary shares mean those who own depositary shares registered in their own names, on the books that the Company or the depositary maintain for this purpose, and not indirect holders who own beneficial interests in depositary shares registered in street name or issued in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company. 
 General 
 The Company has issued fractional interests in shares of preferred stock in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1 1,000 th ownership interest in a share of Series C Preferred Stock and evidenced by a depositary receipt. The shares of Series C Preferred Stock represented by depositary shares are deposited under a deposit agreement among the Company, the depositary and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts evidencing the depositary shares. Subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, each holder of a depositary share is entitled, through the depositary, in proportion to the applicable fraction of a share of Series C Preferred Stock represented by such depositary share, to all the rights and preferences of the Series C Preferred Stock represented thereby (including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation rights). 
 Dividends and Other Distributions 
 The depositary will distribute any cash dividends or other cash distributions received in respect of the deposited Series C Preferred Stock to the record holders of depositary shares relating to the underlying Series C Preferred Stock in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by the holders. The depositary will distribute any property received by it other than cash to the record holders of depositary shares entitled to those distributions, unless it determines that the distribution cannot be made proportionally among those holders or that it is not feasible to make a distribution. In that event, the depositary may, with the Company s approval, sell the property and distribute the net proceeds from the sale to the holders of the depositary shares in proportion to the number of depositary shares they hold. 
 Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the depositary shares will be the same as the corresponding record dates for the Series C Preferred Stock. 
 The amounts distributed to holders of depositary shares will be reduced by any amounts required to be withheld by the depositary or by the Company on account of taxes or other governmental charges. 
 Redemption of Depositary Shares 
 If the Company redeems the Series C Preferred Stock represented by the depositary shares, the depositary shares will be redeemed from the proceeds received by the depositary resulting from the redemption of the Series C Preferred Stock held by the depositary. The redemption price per depositary share will be equal to 1 1,000 th of the redemption price per share payable with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock (or 25 per depositary share). Whenever the Company redeems shares of Series C Preferred Stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number of depositary shares representing shares of Series C Preferred Stock so redeemed. 
 In case of any redemption of less than all of the outstanding depositary shares, the depositary shares to be redeemed will be selected by the depositary pro rata or in such other manner determined by the depositary to be equitable. In any such case, the Company will redeem depositary shares only in increments of 1,000 shares and any multiple thereof. 
 -19- 

Voting the Series C Preferred Stock 
 When the depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail the information contained in the notice to the record holders of the depositary shares relating to the Series C Preferred Stock. Each record holder of the depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the Series C Preferred Stock, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of the Series C Preferred Stock represented by the holder s depositary shares. To the extent possible, the depositary will vote the amount of the Series C Preferred Stock represented by depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. The Company will agree to take all reasonable actions that the depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any depositary shares representing the Series C Preferred Stock, it will vote all depositary shares of that series held by it proportionately with instructions received. 
 Listing 
 The depositary shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol GS PrC. 
 Form of Preferred Stock and Depositary Shares 
 The depositary shares are issued in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company. The Series C Preferred Stock is issued in registered form to the depositary. 
 
 -20- 

DESCRIPTION OF THE DEPOSITARY SHARES, EACH REPRESENTING 1 1,000 TH INTEREST IN A SHARE OF FLOATING RATE NON-CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK, SERIES D 
 DESCRIPTION OF SERIES D PREFERRED STOCK 
 The depositary is the sole holder of the Company s Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D (the Series D Preferred Stock ), and all references herein to the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock shall mean the depositary. However, the holders of depositary shares are entitled, through the depositary, to exercise the rights and preferences of the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock, as described below under Description of Depositary Shares. 
 The following is a brief description of the material terms of the Series D Preferred Stock. The following summary of the terms and provisions of the Series D Preferred Stock does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the pertinent sections of the Company s restated certificate of incorporation, which is an exhibit to the Annual Report of which this exhibit is a part. Unless the context otherwise provides, all references to the Company in this description refer only to The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and does not include its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 General 
 The Company s authorized capital stock includes 150,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. The Series D Preferred Stock is part of a single series of authorized preferred stock. The Company may from time to time, without notice to or the consent of holders of the Series D Preferred Stock, issue additional shares of the Series D Preferred Stock, up to the maximum number of authorized but unissued shares. 
 Shares of the Series D Preferred Stock rank senior to the Company s common stock, equally with each other series of the Company s preferred stock outstanding as of December 31, 2020 and at least equally with each other series of preferred stock that the Company may issue (except for any senior series that may be issued with the requisite consent of the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock), with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. In addition, the Company will generally be able to pay dividends and distributions upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up only out of lawfully available funds for such payment i.e. , after taking account of all indebtedness and other non-equity claims). The Series D Preferred Stock is fully paid and nonassessable, which means that its holders have paid their purchase price in full and that the Company may not ask them to surrender additional funds. Holders of Series D Preferred Stock do not have preemptive or subscription rights to acquire more stock of the Company. 
 The Series D Preferred Stock is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of stock or other securities of the Company, except under certain limited circumstances described below under Regulatory Changes Relating to Capital Adequacy. The Series D Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and is not subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of the Company to redeem or repurchase the Series D Preferred Stock. The Series D Preferred Stock represents non-withdrawable capital, is not a bank deposit and is not insured by the FDIC or any other governmental agency, nor is it the obligation of, or guaranteed by, a bank. 
 Dividends 
 Dividends on shares of the Series D Preferred Stock are not mandatory. Holders of Series D Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Company s board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board), out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends under Delaware law, non-cumulative cash dividends from the original issue date, quarterly in arrears on the 10 th day of February, May, August, and November of each year (each, a dividend payment date ). These dividends accrue, with respect to each dividend period, on the liquidation preference amount of 25,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share) at a rate per annum equal to the greater of (1) 0.67 above LIBOR (as described below) on the related LIBOR determination date (as described below) or (2) 4.00 . In the event that the Company issues additional shares of Series D Preferred Stock after the original issue date, dividends on such shares may accrue from the original issue date or any other date the Company specifies at the time such additional shares are issued. 
 Dividends will be payable to holders of record of Series D Preferred Stock as they appear on the Company s books on the applicable record date, which shall be the 15th calendar day before that dividend payment date or such other record date fixed by the Company s board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) that is not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior to such dividend payment date (each, a dividend record date ). These dividend record dates will apply regardless of whether a particular dividend record date is a business day. The corresponding record dates for the depositary shares are the same as the record dates for the Series D Preferred Stock. 
 -21- 

A dividend period is the period from and including a dividend payment date to but excluding the next dividend payment date. Dividends payable on the Series D Preferred Stock are computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed in the dividend period. If any date on which dividends would otherwise be payable is not a business day, then the dividend payment date will be the next succeeding business day unless such day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the dividend payment date will be the immediately preceding day that is a business day. 
 For any dividend period, LIBOR shall be determined by the calculation agent on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period in the following manner 
 LIBOR will be the offered rate per annum for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such period, as that rate appears on Moneyline Telerate Page 3750 (or any successor or replacement page) as of 11 00 A.M., London time, on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period. 
 If the rate described above does not appear on Moneyline Telerate page 3750 (or any successor or replacement page), LIBOR will be determined on the basis of the rates, at approximately 11 00 A.M., London time, on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period, at which deposits of the following kind are offered to prime banks in the London interbank market by four major banks in that market selected by the calculation agent three-month deposits in U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such dividend period, and in a Representative Amount. The calculation agent will request the principal London office of each of these banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two quotations are provided, LIBOR for the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. 
 If fewer than two quotations are provided as described above, LIBOR for the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period will be the arithmetic mean of the rates for loans of the following kind to leading European banks quoted, at approximately 11 00 A.M. New York City time on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period, by three major banks in New York City selected by the calculation agent three-month loans of U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such dividend period, and in a Representative Amount. 
 If fewer than three banks selected by the calculation agent are quoting as described above, LIBOR for the new dividend period will be LIBOR in effect for the prior dividend period. 
 Under the FRB s final rule and the LIBOR Act, on the first London business day following June 30, 2023, LIBOR was replaced with three-month term SOFR plus the statutorily prescribed tenor spread, with three-month term SOFR determined by the calculation agent on the second U.S. government securities business day immediately preceding the first day of the applicable dividend period. 
 The calculation agent s determination of any dividend rate, and its calculation of the amount of dividends for any dividend period, will be on file at the Company s principal offices, will be made available to any stockholder upon request and will be final and binding in the absence of manifest error. 
 This subscription uses several terms that have special meanings relevant to calculating LIBOR. Those terms have the following meanings 
 The term Representative Amount means an amount that, in the calculation agent s judgment, is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
 The term Moneyline Telerate Page means the display on Moneyline Telerate, Inc., or any successor service, on the page or pages specified herein or any replacement page or pages on that service. 
 The term business day means a day that is a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday and is not a day on which banking institutions in New York City generally are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 
 The term London business day means a day that is a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday and is a day on which dealings in U.S. dollars are transacted in the London interbank market. 
 Dividends on shares of Series D Preferred Stock are not cumulative. Accordingly, if the board of directors of the Company (or a duly authorized committee of the board) does not declare a dividend on the Series D Preferred 
 -22- 

Stock payable in respect of any dividend period before the related dividend payment date, such dividend will not accrue and the Company will have no obligation to pay a dividend for that dividend period on the dividend payment date or at any future time, whether or not dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock are declared for any future dividend period. 
 So long as any share of Series D Preferred Stock remains outstanding, no dividend shall be paid or declared on the Company s common stock or any other shares of the Company s junior stock (as defined below) (other than a dividend payable solely in junior stock), and no common stock or other junior stock shall be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by the Company, directly or indirectly (other than as a result of a reclassification of junior stock for or into other junior stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of junior stock for or into another share of junior stock and other than through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of junior stock), during a dividend period, unless the full dividends for the latest completed dividend period on all outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock have been declared and paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside). However, the foregoing provision shall not restrict the ability of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, or any of the Company s other affiliates, to engage in any market-making transactions in the Company s junior stock in the ordinary course of business. 
 As used in this description of the Series D Preferred Stock, junior stock means any class or series of stock of the Company that ranks junior to the Series D Preferred Stock either as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. Junior stock includes the Company s common stock. 
 When dividends are not paid (or duly provided for) on any dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock, as defined below, having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series D Preferred Stock, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series D Preferred Stock) in full upon the Series D Preferred Stock and any shares of parity stock, all dividends declared upon the Series D Preferred Stock and all such equally ranking securities payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series D Preferred Stock, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series D Preferred Stock) shall be declared pro rata so that the respective amounts of such dividends shall bear the same ratio to each other as all accrued but unpaid dividends per share on the Series D Preferred Stock and all parity stock payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series D Preferred Stock, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series D Preferred Stock) bear to each other. 
 As used in this description of the Series D Preferred Stock, parity stock means any other class or series of stock of the Company that ranks equally with the Series D Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 
 Subject to the foregoing, such dividends (payable in cash, stock or otherwise) as may be determined by the Company s board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) may be declared and paid on the Company s common stock and any other stock ranking equally with or junior to the Series D Preferred Stock from time to time out of any funds legally available for such payment, and the shares of the Series D Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividend. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, holders of the Series D Preferred Stock are entitled to receive out of assets of the Company available for distribution to stockholders, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors, if any, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of common stock or of any of the Company s other shares of stock ranking junior as to such a distribution to the shares of Series D Preferred Stock, a liquidating distribution in the amount of 25,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share) plus declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. Holders of the Series D Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any other amounts from the Company after they have received their full liquidation preference. 
 In any such distribution, if the assets of the Company are not sufficient to pay the liquidation preferences in full to all holders of the Series D Preferred Stock and all holders of any other shares of the Company s stock ranking equally as to such distribution with the Series D Preferred Stock, the amounts paid to the holders of Series D Preferred Stock and to the holders of all such other stock will be paid pro rata in accordance with the respective aggregate liquidation preferences of those holders. In any such distribution, the liquidation preference of any holder of preferred stock means the amount payable to such holder in such distribution, including any declared but unpaid dividends (and any unpaid, accrued cumulative dividends in the case of any holder of stock on which dividends accrue on a cumulative basis). If the liquidation preference has been paid in full to all holders of the Company s Series D Preferred Stock and any other shares of the Company s stock 
 -23- 

ranking equally as to the liquidation distribution, the holders of the Company s other stock shall be entitled to receive all remaining assets of the Company according to their respective rights and preferences. 
 For purposes of this description of the Series D Preferred Stock, the merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity, including a merger or consolidation in which the holders of Series D Preferred Stock receive cash, securities or property for their shares, or the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company for cash, securities or other property shall not constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 
 Redemption 
 The Series D Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar provisions. The Series D Preferred Stock is currently redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days notice, at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. Holders of Series D Preferred Stock have no right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series D Preferred Stock. 
 If shares of the Series D Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption shall be given by first class mail to the holders of record of the Series D Preferred Stock to be redeemed, mailed not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof provided that, if the depositary shares representing the Series D Preferred Stock are held in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company, or DTC, the Company may give such notice in any manner permitted by the DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth (i) the redemption date, (ii) the number of shares of the Series D Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder, (iii) the redemption price and (iv) the place or places where holders may surrender certificates evidencing shares of Series D Preferred Stock for payment of the redemption price. If notice of redemption of any shares of Series D Preferred Stock has been given and if the funds necessary for such redemption have been set aside by the Company for the benefit of the holders of any shares of Series D Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, from and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such shares of Series D Preferred Stock, such shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. 
 In case of any redemption of only part of the shares of the Series D Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares to be redeemed shall be selected either pro rata or in such other manner as the Company may determine to be fair and equitable. 
 See Description of Depositary Shares below for information about redemption of the depositary shares relating to the Company s Series D Preferred Stock. 
 Regulatory Changes Relating to Capital Adequacy 
 The Company was previously regulated by the SEC as a consolidated supervised entity CSE pursuant to the SEC s rules relating to CSEs (referred to as the CSE Rules ). The Company treated the Series D Preferred Stock as allowable capital in accordance with the CSE Rules (such capital is referred to below as Allowable Capital ). 
 If the regulatory capital requirements that apply to the Company change in the future, the Series D Preferred Stock may be converted, at the Company s option and without consent of the holders, into a new series of preferred stock, subject to the limitations described below. The Company will be entitled to exercise this conversion right as follows. 
 If both of the following occur 
 the Company (by election or otherwise) becomes subject to any law, rule, regulation or guidance (together, regulations relating to the Company s capital adequacy, which regulation (i) modifies the existing requirements for treatment as Allowable Capital, (ii) provides for a type or level of capital characterized as Tier 1 or its equivalent pursuant to regulations of any governmental body having jurisdiction over the Company (or any of the Company s subsidiaries or consolidated affiliates) and implementing capital standards published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, the SEC, the Federal Reserve Board or any other United States national governmental body, or any other applicable regime based on capital standards published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or its successor, or (iii) provides for a type of capital that in the Company s judgment (after 
 -24- 

consultation with counsel of recognized standing) is substantially equivalent to such Tier 1 capital (such capital described in either (ii) or (iii) is referred to below as Tier 1 Capital Equivalent ), and 
 the Company affirmatively elects to qualify the Series D Preferred Stock for such Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent treatment without any sublimit or other quantitative restriction on the inclusion of the Series D Preferred Stock in Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent (other than any limitation the Company elects to accept and any limitation requiring that common equity or a specified form of common equity constitute the dominant form of Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent) under such regulations, 
 then, upon such affirmative election, the Series D Preferred Stock shall be convertible at the Company s option into a new series of preferred stock having terms and provisions substantially identical to those of the Series D Preferred Stock, except that such new series may have such additional or modified rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, and such limitations and restrictions thereof, as are necessary, in the Company s judgment (after consultation with counsel of recognized standing), to comply with the Required Unrestricted Capital Provisions (defined below), provided that the Company will not cause any such conversion unless the Company determines that the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of such new series of preferred stock, taken as a whole, are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series D Preferred Stock, taken as a whole. For example, the Company could agree to restrict its ability to pay dividends on or redeem the new series of preferred stock for a specified period or indefinitely, to the extent permitted by the terms and provisions of the new series of preferred stock, since such a restriction would be permitted in the Company s discretion under the terms and provisions of the Series D Preferred Stock. 
 The Company will provide notice to holders of the Series D Preferred Stock of any election to qualify the Series D Preferred Stock for Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent treatment and of any determination to convert the Series D Preferred Stock into a new series of preferred stock, promptly upon the effectiveness of any such election or determination. A copy of any such notice and of the relevant regulations will be on file at the Company s principal offices and, upon request, will be made available to any stockholder. 
 As used above, the term Required Unrestricted Capital Provisions means the terms that are, in the Company s judgment (after consultation with counsel of recognized standing), required for preferred stock to be treated as Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent, as applicable, without any sublimit or other quantitative restriction on the inclusion of such preferred stock in Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent (other than any limitation the Company elects to accept and any limitation requiring that common equity or a specified form of common equity constitute the dominant form of Allowable Capital or Tier 1 Capital Equivalent) pursuant to applicable regulations. 
 Voting Rights 
 Except as provided below, the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock have no voting rights. 
 Whenever dividends on any shares of the Series D Preferred Stock shall have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of six or more dividend payments, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods (as used in this section, a Nonpayment ), the holders of such shares, voting together as a class with holders of any and all other series of voting preferred stock (as defined below) then outstanding, will be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two additional members of the Company s board of directors (as used in this section, the Preferred Stock Directors ), provided that the election of any such directors shall not cause the Company to violate the corporate governance requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange on which the Company s securities may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors and provided further that the Company s board of directors shall at no time include more than two Preferred Stock Directors. In that event, the number of directors on the Company s board of directors shall automatically increase by two, and the new directors shall be elected at a special meeting called at the request of the holders of record of at least 20 of the Series D Preferred Stock or of any other series of voting preferred stock (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election shall be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue until dividends on the shares of the Series D Preferred Stock and any such series of voting preferred stock for at least four dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, following the Nonpayment shall have been fully paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of such dividends shall have been set aside for payment). 
 As used in this description of the Series D Preferred Stock, voting preferred stock means any other class or series of preferred stock of the Company ranking equally with the Series D Preferred Stock either as to dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable. Whether a plurality, majority or other portion of the shares of 
 -25- 

Series D Preferred Stock and any other voting preferred stock have been voted in favor of any matter shall be determined by reference to the liquidation amounts of the shares voted. 
 If and when dividends for at least four dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, following a Nonpayment have been paid in full (or declared and a sum sufficient for such payment shall have been set aside), the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock shall be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment) and, if such voting rights for all other holders of voting preferred stock have terminated, the term of office of each Preferred Stock Director so elected shall terminate and the number of directors on the board of directors shall automatically decrease by two. In determining whether dividends have been paid for four dividend periods following a Nonpayment, the Company may take account of any dividend the Company elects to pay for such a dividend period after the regular dividend date for that period has passed. Any Preferred Stock Director may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series D Preferred Stock when they have the voting rights described above (voting together as a class with all series of voting preferred stock then outstanding). So long as a Nonpayment shall continue, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Stock Director (other than prior to the initial election after a Nonpayment) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Stock Director remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock and all voting preferred stock when they have the voting rights described above (voting together as a class). The Preferred Stock Directors shall each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter. 
 So long as any shares of Series D Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the Company will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Series D Preferred Stock and all other series of voting preferred stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting 
 amend or alter the provisions of the Company s restated certificate of incorporation so as to authorize or create, or increase the authorized amount of, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series D Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company 
 amend, alter or repeal the provisions of the Company s restated certificate of incorporation so as to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series D Preferred Stock, taken as a whole or 
 consummate a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the Series D Preferred Stock or a merger or consolidation of the Company with another entity, unless in each case (i) the shares of Series D Preferred Stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which the Company is not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) such shares remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series D Preferred Stock, taken as a whole 
 provided, however , that any increase in the amount of the authorized or issued Series D Preferred Stock or authorized preferred stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of preferred stock ranking equally with and or junior to the Series D Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company will not be deemed to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series D Preferred Stock. In addition, any conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock upon the occurrence of certain regulatory events, as discussed above under Regulatory Changes Relating to Capital Adequacy, will not be deemed to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series D Preferred Stock. 
 If an amendment, alteration, repeal, share exchange, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would adversely affect one or more but not all series of voting preferred stock (including the Series D Preferred Stock for this purpose), then only the series affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all such series of preferred stock. 
 Without the consent of the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock, so long as such action does not adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series D Preferred Stock, the Company may amend, alter, supplement or repeal any terms of the Series D Preferred Stock 
 -26- 

to cure any ambiguity, or to cure, correct or supplement any provision contained in the certificate of designation for the Series D Preferred Stock that may be defective or inconsistent or 
 to make any provision with respect to matters or questions arising with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock that is not inconsistent with the provisions of the certificate of designations. 
 The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been set aside by the Company for the benefit of the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock to effect such redemption. 
 DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES 
 Please note that as used in this section, references to holders of depositary shares mean those who own depositary shares registered in their own names, on the books that the Company or the depositary maintain for this purpose, and not indirect holders who own beneficial interests in depositary shares registered in street name or issued in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company. 
 General 
 The Company has issued fractional interests in shares of preferred stock in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1 1,000 th ownership interest in a share of Series D Preferred Stock and evidenced by a depositary receipt. The shares of Series D Preferred Stock represented by depositary shares are deposited under a deposit agreement among the Company, the depositary and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts evidencing the depositary shares. Subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, each holder of a depositary share is entitled, through the depositary, in proportion to the applicable fraction of a share of Series D Preferred Stock represented by such depositary share, to all the rights and preferences of the Series D Preferred Stock represented thereby (including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation rights). 
 Dividends and Other Distributions 
 The depositary will distribute any cash dividends or other cash distributions received in respect of the deposited Series D Preferred Stock to the record holders of depositary shares relating to the underlying Series D Preferred Stock in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by the holders. The depositary will distribute any property received by it other than cash to the record holders of depositary shares entitled to those distributions, unless it determines that the distribution cannot be made proportionally among those holders or that it is not feasible to make a distribution. In that event, the depositary may, with the Company s approval, sell the property and distribute the net proceeds from the sale to the holders of the depositary shares in proportion to the number of depositary shares they hold. 
 Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the depositary shares will be the same as the corresponding record dates for the Series D Preferred Stock. 
 The amounts distributed to holders of depositary shares will be reduced by any amounts required to be withheld by the depositary or by the Company on account of taxes or other governmental charges. 
 Redemption of Depositary Shares 
 If the Company redeems the Series D Preferred Stock represented by the depositary shares, the depositary shares will be redeemed from the proceeds received by the depositary resulting from the redemption of the Series D Preferred Stock held by the depositary. The redemption price per depositary share will be equal to 1 1,000 th of the redemption price per share payable with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock (or 25 per depositary share). Whenever the Company redeems shares of Series D Preferred Stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number of depositary shares representing shares of Series D Preferred Stock so redeemed. 
 In case of any redemption of less than all of the outstanding depositary shares, the depositary shares to be redeemed will be selected by the depositary pro rata or in such other manner determined by the depositary to be equitable. In any such case, the Company will redeem depositary shares only in increments of 1,000 shares and any multiple thereof. 
 -27- 

Voting the Series D Preferred Stock 
 When the depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail the information contained in the notice to the record holders of the depositary shares relating to the Series D Preferred Stock. Each record holder of the depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the Series D Preferred Stock, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of the Series D Preferred Stock represented by the holder s depositary shares. To the extent possible, the depositary will vote the amount of the Series D Preferred Stock represented by depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. The Company will agree to take all reasonable actions that the depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any depositary shares representing the Series D Preferred Stock, it will vote all depositary shares of that series held by it proportionately with instructions received. 
 Listing 
 The depositary shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol GS PrD. 
 Form of Preferred Stock and Depositary Shares 
 The depositary shares are issued in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company. The Series D Preferred Stock is issued in registered form to the depositary. 
 
 -28- 

DESCRIPTION OF THE DEPOSITARY SHARES, EACH REPRESENTING 1 1,000 TH INTEREST IN A SHARE OF 6.375 FIXED-TO-FLOATING RATE NON-CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK, SERIES K 
 DESCRIPTION OF SERIES K PREFERRED STOCK 
 The depositary is the sole holder of the Company s 6.375 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series K (the Series K Preferred Stock ), and all references herein to the holders of the Series K Preferred Stock shall mean the depositary. However, the holders of depositary shares are entitled, through the depositary, to exercise the rights and preferences of the holders of Series K Preferred Stock, as described below under Description of Depositary Shares. 
 The following is a brief description of the material terms of the Series K Preferred Stock. The following summary of the terms and provisions of the Series K Preferred Stock does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the pertinent sections of the Company s restated certificate of incorporation, which is an exhibit to the Annual Report of which this exhibit is a part. Unless the context otherwise provides, all references to the Company in this description refer only to The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and does not include its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 General 
 The Company s authorized capital stock includes 150,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. The Series K Preferred Stock is part of a single series of the Company s authorized preferred stock. The Company may from time to time, without notice to or the consent of holders of the Series K Preferred Stock, issue additional shares of the Series K Preferred Stock, up to the maximum number of authorized but unissued shares. 
 Shares of the Series K Preferred Stock rank senior to the Company s common stock, equally with each other series of the Company s preferred stock outstanding as of December 31, 2020 and at least equally with each other series of preferred stock that the Company may issue (except for any senior series that may be issued with the requisite consent of the holders of Series K Preferred Stock), with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. In addition, the Company will generally be able to pay dividends and distributions upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up only out of lawfully available funds for such payment i.e. , after taking account of all indebtedness and other non-equity claims). The Series K Preferred Stock is fully paid and nonassessable, which means that its holders have paid their purchase price in full and that the Company may not ask them to surrender additional funds. Holders of Series K Preferred Stock do not have preemptive or subscription rights to acquire more stock of the Company. 
 The Series K Preferred Stock is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of stock or other securities of the Company. The Series K Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and is not subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of the Company to redeem or repurchase the Series K Preferred Stock. The Series K Preferred Stock represents non-withdrawable capital, is not a bank deposit and is not insured by the FDIC or any other governmental agency, nor is it the obligation of, or guaranteed by, a bank. 
 Dividends 
 Dividends on shares of the Series K Preferred Stock are not mandatory. Holders of Series K Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Company s board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board), out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, non-cumulative cash dividends from the original issue date, quarterly in arrears on the 10 th day of February, May, August and November of each year (each, a dividend payment date ). These dividends accrue, with respect to each dividend period, on the liquidation preference amount of 25,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share) at a rate per annum equal to 6.375 from the original issue date to, but excluding, May 10, 2024 (or, if not a business day, the next succeeding business day), and, thereafter at a floating rate per annum equal to LIBOR plus 3.55 on the related LIBOR determination date. In the event that the Company issues additional shares of Series K Preferred Stock after the original issue date, dividends on such shares may accrue from the original issue date or any other date the Company specifies at the time such additional shares are issued. 
 Dividends will be payable to holders of record of Series K Preferred Stock as they appear on the Company s books on the applicable record date, which shall be the 15 th calendar day before that dividend payment date or such other record date fixed by the Company s board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) that is not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior to such dividend payment date (each, a dividend record date ). These dividend record dates will apply regardless of whether a particular dividend record date is a business day. The corresponding record dates for the depositary shares are the same as the record dates for the Series K Preferred Stock. 
 -29- 

A dividend period is the period from and including a dividend payment date to but excluding the next dividend payment date. Dividends payable on the Series K Preferred Stock for any period beginning prior to May 10, 2024 will be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months, and dividends for periods beginning on or after such date will be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed in the dividend period. If any date on which dividends would otherwise be payable is not a business day, then the dividend payment date will be the next succeeding business day unless, after May 10, 2024, such day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the dividend payment date will be the immediately preceding day that is a business day. Business day means a day that is a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday and is not a day on which banking institutions in New York City generally are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 
 For any dividend period commencing on or after May 10, 2024, LIBOR will be determined by the calculation agent on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period in the following manner 
 LIBOR will be the offered rate per annum for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such period, as that rate appears on Reuters screen LIBOR01 (or any successor or replacement page) as of approximately 11 00 A.M., London time, on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period. 
 If the rate described above does not so appear on the Reuters screen LIBOR01 (or any successor or replacement page), then LIBOR will be determined on the basis of the rates, at approximately 11 00 A.M., London time, on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period, at which deposits of the following kind are offered to prime banks in the London interbank market by four major banks in that market selected by the calculation agent three-month deposits in U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such dividend period, and in a Representative Amount. The calculation agent will request the principal London office of each of these banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two quotations are provided, LIBOR for the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. 
 If fewer than two of the requested quotations described above are provided, LIBOR for the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period will be the arithmetic mean of the rates for loans of the following kind to leading European banks quoted, at approximately 11 00 A.M., New York City time, on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period, by three major banks in New York City selected by the calculation agent three-month loans of U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such dividend period, and in a Representative Amount. 
 If no quotation is provided as described above, then the calculation agent, after consulting such sources as it deems comparable to any of the foregoing quotations or display page, or any such source as it deems reasonable from which to estimate LIBOR or any of the foregoing lending rates, shall determine LIBOR for the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period in its sole discretion. 
 Under the FRB s final rule and the LIBOR Act, on the first London business day following June 30, 2023, LIBOR was replaced with three-month term SOFR plus the statutorily prescribed tenor spread, with three-month term SOFR determined by the calculation agent on the second U.S. government securities business day immediately preceding the first day of the applicable dividend period. 
 The calculation agent s determination of any dividend rate, and its calculation of the amount of dividends for any dividend period, will be on file at the Company s principal offices, will be made available to any stockholder upon request and will be final and binding in the absence of manifest error. 
 This subsection uses several terms that have special meanings relevant to calculating LIBOR. Those terms have the following meanings 
 The term Representative Amount means an amount that, in the calculation agent s judgment, is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
 The term London business day means a day that is a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday and is a day on which dealings in U.S. dollars are transacted in the London interbank market. 
 The term Reuters screen means the display on the Reuters 3000 Xtra service, or any successor or replacement service. 
 -30- 

Dividends on shares of Series K Preferred Stock are not cumulative. Accordingly, if the board of directors of the Company (or a duly authorized committee of the board) does not declare a dividend on the Series K Preferred Stock payable in respect of any dividend period before the related dividend payment date, such dividend will not accrue and the Company will have no obligation to pay a dividend for that dividend period on the dividend payment date or at any future time, whether or not dividends on the Series K Preferred Stock are declared for any future dividend period. 
 So long as any share of Series K Preferred Stock remains outstanding, no dividend shall be paid or declared on the Company s common stock or any other shares of the Company s junior stock (as defined below) (other than a dividend payable solely in junior stock), and no common stock or other junior stock shall be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by the Company, directly or indirectly (other than as a result of a reclassification of junior stock for or into other junior stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of junior stock for or into another share of junior stock and other than through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of junior stock), during a dividend period, unless the full dividends for the latest completed dividend period on all outstanding shares of Series K Preferred Stock have been declared and paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside). However, the foregoing provision shall not restrict the ability of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, or any of the Company s other affiliates, to engage in any market-making transactions in the Company s junior stock in the ordinary course of business. 
 As used in this description of the Series K Preferred Stock, junior stock means any class or series of stock of the Company that ranks junior to the Series K Preferred Stock either as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. Junior stock includes the Company s common stock. 
 When dividends are not paid (or duly provided for) on any dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock, as defined below, having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series K Preferred Stock, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series K Preferred Stock) in full on the Series K Preferred Stock and any shares of parity stock, all dividends declared on the Series K Preferred Stock and all such equally ranking securities payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series K Preferred Stock, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series K Preferred Stock) shall be declared pro rata so that the respective amounts of such dividends shall bear the same ratio to each other as all accrued but unpaid dividends per share on the Series K Preferred Stock and all parity stock payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series K Preferred Stock, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series K Preferred Stock) bear to each other. 
 As used in this description of the Series K Preferred Stock, parity stock means any other class or series of stock of the Company that ranks equally with the Series K Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 
 Subject to the foregoing, such dividends (payable in cash, stock or otherwise) as may be determined by the Company s board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) may be declared and paid on the Company s common stock and any other stock ranking equally with or junior to the Series K Preferred Stock from time to time out of any funds legally available for such payment, and the shares of the Series K Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividend. 
 Dividends on the Series K Preferred Stock will not be declared, paid or set aside for payment if the Company fails to comply, or if and to the extent such act would cause the Company to fail to comply, with applicable laws, rules and regulations. The restated certificate of incorporation provides that dividends on the Series K Preferred Stock may not be declared or set aside for payment if and to the extent such dividends would cause the Company to fail to comply with applicable capital adequacy standards. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, holders of Series K Preferred Stock are entitled to receive out of assets of the Company available for distribution to stockholders, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors, if any, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of common stock or of any of the Company s other shares of stock ranking junior as to such a distribution to the shares of Series K Preferred Stock, a liquidating distribution in the amount of 25,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share) plus declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. Holders of Series K Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any other amounts from the Company after they have received their full liquidation preference. 
 -31- 

The Series K Preferred Stock, like the Company s other series of preferred stock, may be fully subordinate to any interests held by the U.S. government in the event of a receivership, insolvency, liquidation, or similar proceeding, including a proceeding under the orderly liquidation authority provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
 In any such distribution, if the assets of the Company are not sufficient to pay the liquidation preferences in full to all holders of Series K Preferred Stock and all holders of any other shares of the Company s stock ranking equally as to such distribution with the Series K Preferred Stock, the amounts paid to the holders of Series K Preferred Stock and to the holders of all such other stock will be paid pro rata in accordance with the respective aggregate liquidation preferences of those holders. In any such distribution, the liquidation preference of any holder of preferred stock means the amount payable to such holder in such distribution, including any declared but unpaid dividends (and any unpaid, accrued cumulative dividends in the case of any holder of stock on which dividends accrue on a cumulative basis). If the liquidation preference has been paid in full to all holders of the Company s Series K Preferred Stock and any other shares of the Company s stock ranking equally as to the liquidation distribution, the holders of the Company s other stock shall be entitled to receive all remaining assets of the Company according to their respective rights and preferences. 
 For purposes of this description of the Series K Preferred Stock, the merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity, including a merger or consolidation in which the holders of Series K Preferred Stock receive cash, securities or property for their shares, or the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company for cash, securities or other property shall not constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 
 Redemption 
 The Series K Preferred Stock is perpetual and has no maturity date, and is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar provisions. The Company may, at the Company s option, redeem the Series K Preferred Stock (i) in whole or in part, from time to time, on any date on or after May 10, 2024 (or, if not a business day, the next succeeding business day), or (ii) in whole but not in part at any time within 90 days following a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event, in each case, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days notice, at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share), plus accrued and unpaid dividends for the then-current dividend period to but excluding the redemption date, whether or not declared. Holders of Series K Preferred Stock have no right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series K Preferred Stock. 
 The Company is a bank holding company and a financial holding company regulated by the Federal Reserve Board. The Company treats the Series K Preferred Stock as tier 1 capital (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board (or, as and if applicable, the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of any successor appropriate federal banking agency). 
 A Regulatory Capital Treatment Event means the good faith determination by the Company that, as a result of (i) any amendment to, or change in, the laws, rules or regulations of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any share of the Series K Preferred Stock, (ii) any proposed change in those laws, rules or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any share of the Series K Preferred Stock, or (iii) any official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws, rules or regulations or policies with respect thereto that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of the Series K Preferred Stock, there is more than an insubstantial risk that the Company will not be entitled to treat the full liquidation preference amount of 25,000 per share of Series K Preferred Stock then outstanding as tier 1 capital (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board (or, as and if applicable, the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of any successor appropriate federal banking agency) as then in effect and applicable, for so long as any share of Series K Preferred Stock is outstanding. Appropriate federal banking agency means the appropriate federal banking agency with respect to the Company as that term is defined in Section 3(q) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or any successor provision. 
 The Company will not exercise its option to redeem any shares of preferred stock without obtaining the approval of the Federal Reserve Board (or any successor appropriate federal banking agency) as required by applicable law. Unless the Federal Reserve Board (or any successor appropriate federal banking agency) authorizes the Company to do otherwise in writing, the Company will redeem the Series K Preferred Stock only if it is replaced with other tier 1 capital that is not a restricted core capital element e.g. , common stock or another series of noncumulative perpetual preferred stock). 
 If shares of Series K Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption shall be given by first class mail to the holders of record of Series K Preferred Stock to be redeemed, mailed not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof provided that, if the depositary shares 
 -32- 

representing the Series K Preferred Stock are held in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company, or DTC, the Company may give such notice in any manner permitted by the DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth (i) the redemption date, (ii) the number of shares of Series K Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder, (iii) the redemption price and (iv) the place or places where holders may surrender certificates evidencing shares of Series K Preferred Stock for payment of the redemption price. If notice of redemption of any shares of Series K Preferred Stock has been given and if the funds necessary for such redemption have been set aside by the Company for the benefit of the holders of any shares of Series K Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, from and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such shares of Series K Preferred Stock, such shares of Series K Preferred Stock shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. 
 In case of any redemption of only part of the shares of the Series K Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares to be redeemed shall be selected either pro rata or by lot. 
 See Description of Depositary Shares below for information about redemption of the depositary shares relating to the Company s Series K Preferred Stock. 
 Voting Rights 
 Except as provided below, the holders of Series K Preferred Stock have no voting rights. 
 Whenever dividends on any shares of Series K Preferred Stock shall have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of six or more dividend payments, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods (as used in this section, a Nonpayment ), the holders of such shares, voting together as a class with holders of any and all other series of voting preferred stock (as defined below) then outstanding, will be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two additional members of the Company s board of directors (as used in this section, the Preferred Stock Directors ), provided that the Company s board of directors shall at no time include more than two Preferred Stock Directors. In that event, the number of directors on the Company s board of directors shall automatically increase by two, and the new directors shall be elected at a special meeting called at the request of the holders of record of at least 20 of the Series K Preferred Stock or of any other series of voting preferred stock (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election shall be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue until dividends on the shares of Series K Preferred Stock and any such series of voting preferred stock for four consecutive dividend periods following the Nonpayment shall have been fully paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of such dividends shall have been set aside for payment). 
 As used in this description of the Series K Preferred Stock, voting preferred stock means any other class or series of preferred stock of the Company ranking equally with the Series K Preferred Stock either as to dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable. Whether a plurality, majority or other portion of the shares of Series K Preferred Stock and any other voting preferred stock have been voted in favor of any matter shall be determined by reference to the liquidation amounts of the shares voted. 
 If and when dividends for four consecutive dividend periods following a Nonpayment have been paid in full (or declared and a sum sufficient for such payment shall have been set aside), the holders of Series K Preferred Stock shall be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment) and, if such voting rights for all other holders of voting preferred stock have terminated, the term of office of each Preferred Stock Director so elected shall terminate and the number of directors on the board of directors shall automatically decrease by two. Any Preferred Stock Director may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series K Preferred Stock when they have the voting rights described above (voting together as a class with all series of voting preferred stock then outstanding). So long as a Nonpayment shall continue, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Stock Director (other than prior to the initial election after a Nonpayment) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Stock Director remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series K Preferred Stock and all voting preferred stock when they have the voting rights described above (voting together as a class). The Preferred Stock Directors shall each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter. 
 So long as any shares of Series K Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the Company will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Series K Preferred Stock and all other series of voting preferred stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting 
 -33- 

amend or alter the provisions of the Company s restated certificate of incorporation so as to authorize or create, or increase the authorized amount of, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series K Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company 
 amend, alter or repeal the provisions of the Company s restated certificate of incorporation so as to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series K Preferred Stock, taken as a whole or 
 consummate a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the Series K Preferred Stock or a merger or consolidation of the Company with another entity, unless in each case (i) the shares of Series K Preferred Stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which the Company is not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) such shares remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series K Preferred Stock, taken as a whole 
 provided, however , that any increase in the amount of the authorized or issued Series K Preferred Stock or authorized preferred stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of preferred stock ranking equally with and or junior to the Series K Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company will not be deemed to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series K Preferred Stock. 
 If an amendment, alteration, repeal, share exchange, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would adversely affect one or more but not all series of voting preferred stock (including the Series K Preferred Stock for this purpose), then only the series affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all such series of preferred stock. 
 Without the consent of the holders of Series K Preferred Stock, so long as such action does not adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series K Preferred Stock, the Company may amend, alter, supplement or repeal any terms of the Series K Preferred Stock 
 to cure any ambiguity, or to cure, correct or supplement any provision contained in the certificate of designation for the Series K Preferred Stock that may be defective or inconsistent or 
 to make any provision with respect to matters or questions arising with respect to the Series K Preferred Stock that is not inconsistent with the provisions of the certificate of designations. 
 The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Series K Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been set aside by the Company for the benefit of the holders of Series K Preferred Stock to effect such redemption. 
 DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES 
 Please note that as used in this section, references to holders of depositary shares mean those who own depositary shares registered in their own names, on the books that the Company or the depositary maintain for this purpose, and not indirect holders who own beneficial interests in depositary shares registered in street name or issued in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company. 
 General 
 The Company has issued fractional interests in shares of preferred stock in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1 1,000 th ownership interest in a share of Series K Preferred Stock and evidenced by a depositary receipt. The shares of Series K Preferred Stock represented by depositary shares are deposited under a deposit agreement among the Company, the depositary and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts evidencing the depositary shares. Subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, each holder of a depositary share is entitled, through the depositary, in proportion to the applicable fraction of a share of Series K Preferred Stock represented by such depositary share, to all the rights and preferences of the Series K Preferred Stock represented thereby (including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation rights). 
 -34- 

Dividends and Other Distributions 
 The depositary will distribute any cash dividends or other cash distributions received in respect of the deposited Series K Preferred Stock to the record holders of depositary shares relating to the underlying Series K Preferred Stock in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by the holders. The depositary will distribute any property received by it other than cash to the record holders of depositary shares entitled to those distributions, unless it determines that the distribution cannot be made proportionally among those holders or that it is not feasible to make a distribution. In that event, the depositary may, with the Company s approval, sell the property and distribute the net proceeds from the sale to the holders of the depositary shares in proportion to the number of depositary shares they hold. 
 Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the depositary shares will be the same as the corresponding record dates for the Series K Preferred Stock. 
 The amounts distributed to holders of depositary shares will be reduced by any amounts required to be withheld by the depositary or by the Company on account of taxes or other governmental charges. 
 Redemption of Depositary Shares 
 If the Company redeems the Series K Preferred Stock represented by the depositary shares, the depositary shares will be redeemed from the proceeds received by the depositary resulting from the redemption of the Series K Preferred Stock held by the depositary. The redemption price per depositary share will be equal to 1 1,000 th of the redemption price per share payable with respect to the Series K Preferred Stock (or 25 per depositary share). Whenever the Company redeems shares of Series K Preferred Stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number of depositary shares representing shares of Series K Preferred Stock so redeemed. 
 In case of any redemption of less than all of the outstanding depositary shares, the depositary shares to be redeemed will be selected by the depositary pro rata or by lot. In any such case, the Company will redeem depositary shares only in increments of 1,000 shares and any multiple thereof. 
 Voting the Series K Preferred Stock 
 When the depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of Series K Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail the information contained in the notice to the record holders of the depositary shares relating to the Series K Preferred Stock. Each record holder of the depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the Series K Preferred Stock, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of Series K Preferred Stock represented by the holder s depositary shares. To the extent possible, the depositary will vote the amount of Series K Preferred Stock represented by depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. The Company will agree to take all reasonable actions that the depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any depositary shares representing the Series K Preferred Stock, it will vote all depositary shares of that series held by it proportionately with instructions received. 
 Listing 
 The depositary shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol GS PrK. 
 Form of Preferred Stock and Depositary Shares 
 The depositary shares are issued in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company. The Series K Preferred Stock is issued in registered form to the depositary. 
 
 -35- 

DESCRIPTION OF (i) 5.793 FIXED-TO-FLOATING RATE NORMAL AUTOMATIC PREFERRED ENHANCED CAPITAL SECURITIES OF GOLDMAN SACHS CAPITAL II (FULLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY GUARANTEED BY THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC.) AND (ii) FLOATING RATE NORMAL AUTOMATIC PREFERRED ENHANCED CAPITAL SECURITIES OF GOLDMAN SACHS CAPITAL III (FULLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY GUARANTEED BY THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC.) 
 The following is a brief description of the terms of the 5.793 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Normal Automatic Preferred Enhanced Capital Securities of Goldman Sachs Capital II and the Floating Rate Normal Automatic Preferred Enhanced Capital Securities of Goldman Sachs Capital III (the APEX and of the Trust Agreements (both as defined below) under which they are issued. It does not purport to be complete. Unless the context otherwise provides, all references to the Company in this description refer only to The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and does not include its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 The APEX and the Common Securities of Goldman Sachs Capital II Capital II and Goldman Sachs Capital III Capital III ), each a Delaware statutory trust (a Trust ), represent beneficial interests in the relevant Trust. The Trust in respect of Capital II holds the Company s Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series E (the Series E Preferred Stock ), and the Trust in respect of Capital III holds the Company s Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F (the Series F Preferred Stock, and collectively with the Series E Preferred Stock, the Preferred ). 
 Each holder of APEX has a beneficial interest in the relevant Trust but does not own any specific shares of the Preferred held by that Trust. However, the applicable trust agreement among the Company, The Bank of New York Mellon, BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware, the administrative trustees and the several holders of the relevant Trust securities (each, a Trust Agreement under which each Trust operates defines the financial entitlements of its APEX in a manner that causes those financial entitlements to correspond to the financial entitlements of that Trust in the Preferred it holds. Accordingly, each APEX of Capital II corresponds to 1 100th of a share of Series E Preferred Stock held by Capital II and each APEX of Capital III corresponds to 1 100th of a share of Series F Preferred Stock held by Capital III. 
 The Trusts 
 Each Trust is a statutory trust organized under Delaware law pursuant to a Trust Agreement and the filing of a certificate of trust with the Delaware Secretary of State. 
 The Trusts are used solely for the following purposes 
 issuing the APEX and the Common Securities 
 holding shares of the Preferred and 
 engaging in other activities that are directly related to the activities described above. 
 The Company owns all of the Common Securities, either directly or indirectly. The Common Securities rank equally with the APEX and the Trusts make payment on their Trust securities pro rata , except that if the Company pays less than the full dividend on or redemption price of the Preferred, the rights of the holders of the Common Securities to payment in respect of distributions and payments upon liquidation, redemption and otherwise are subordinated to the rights of the holders of the APEX. 
 Each Trust is perpetual, but may be dissolved earlier as provided in its Trust Agreement. 
 The Company pays all fees and expenses related to the Trusts. 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE APEX 
 General 
 The APEX are securities of each Trust and are issued pursuant to the applicable Trust Agreement. The Property Trustee, The Bank of New York Mellon, acts as indenture trustee for the APEX under the Trust Agreement for purposes of compliance with the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act. Each APEX has a liquidation amount of 1,000. 
 The terms of the APEX of each Trust include those stated in the Trust Agreement for such Trust, including any amendments thereto and those made part of the Trust Agreement by the Trust Indenture Act and the Delaware Statutory Trust Act. 
 -36- 

In addition to the APEX, each Trust Agreement authorizes the administrative trustees of the Trust to issue the Common Securities on behalf of the Trust. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the Common Securities. The Common Securities rank on a parity, and payments upon redemption, liquidation or otherwise are made on a proportionate basis, with the APEX except as set forth below under Ranking of Common Securities. The Trust Agreements do not permit the Trust to issue any securities other than the Common Securities and the APEX or to incur any indebtedness. 
 Under the Trust Agreement, the Property Trustee on behalf of the relevant Trust holds the Preferred for the benefit of the holders of its APEX and Common Securities. 
 The payment of distributions out of money held by a Trust, and payments upon redemption of the APEX or liquidation of the Trust, are guaranteed by the Company to the extent described under Description of the Guarantees. Each Guarantee, when taken together with the Company s obligations under the applicable Trust Agreement, including its obligations to pay costs, expenses, debts and liabilities of the Trust, other than with respect to its Common Securities and APEX, has the effect of providing a full and unconditional guarantee of amounts due on the APEX. The Bank of New York Mellon, as the Guarantee Trustee, holds each Guarantee for the benefit of the holders of the APEX. The Guarantees do not cover payment of distributions when the Trusts do not have sufficient available funds to pay those distributions. 
 When the term holder is used in this description of the APEX with respect to a registered APEX, it means the person in whose name such APEX is registered in the security register. The APEX are currently held in book-entry form only, and are held in the name of DTC or its nominee. 
 Capital II s APEX are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol GS PE and Capital III s APEX are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol GS PF. 
 The financial entitlements as a holder of APEX generally correspond to the applicable Trust s financial entitlements as a holder of the Preferred. The corresponding asset for each APEX is a 1 100 th , or 1,000, interest in one share of Preferred held by the Trust. Each Trust will pass through to the holder amounts that it receives on the corresponding assets for the APEX as distributions on, or the liquidation preference of, APEX. Holders of a Trust s APEX are be entitled to receive distributions corresponding to non-cumulative dividends on the Preferred held by the Trust. These cash dividends are payable if, as and when declared by the Company s board of directors, on the Dividend Payment Dates (as defined below), which are quarterly in arrears on each March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 (or if such day is not a business day, the next business day). 
 Assuming that the Company does not elect to pay partial dividends or to skip dividends on the Preferred, holders of APEX will receive distributions on the 1,000 liquidation amount per APEX at a rate per annum equal to the greater of (x) three-month LIBOR for the related distribution period plus 0.765 (in the case of Capital II s APEX) or 0.77 (in the case of Capital III s APEX) and (y) 4.000 , payable quarterly on each March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 (or if any such date is not a business day, on the next business day). 
 Dividends are calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the number of days actually elapsed in the dividend period. Distributions on the APEX and dividends on the Preferred are non-cumulative. 
 The Bank of New York Mellon acts as registrar and transfer agent, or Transfer Agent, for the APEX. If The Bank of New York Mellon should resign or be removed, the Company or the Trust will designate a successor and the term Transfer Agent as used herein will refer to that successor. A business day as used in this section means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which banking institutions and trust companies in New York, New York or Wilmington, Delaware are permitted or required by any applicable law to close. 
 Each Trust must make distributions on its APEX on each distribution date to the extent that it has funds available therefor. A Trust s funds available for distribution to a holder of its APEX will be limited to payments received from the Company on the Preferred held by the Trust. The Company guarantees the payment of distributions on the APEX out of moneys held by each Trust to the extent of available Trust funds, as described under Description of the Guarantees below. 
 Distributions on the APEX are payable to holders as they appear in the security register of the Trust on the relevant record dates. The record dates are the fifteenth calendar day immediately preceding the next succeeding distribution date. Distributions are paid through the Property Trustee or paying agent, who hold amounts received in respect of the Preferred for the benefit of the holders of the APEX. 
 For more information about dividends on the Preferred, see Dividends below. 
 -37- 

Agreed Tax Treatment of the APEX 
 As a beneficial owner of APEX, by acceptance of the beneficial interest therein, the holder will be deemed to have agreed, for all U.S. federal income tax purposes 
 to treat the holder as the owner of a 1 100th interest in a share of the relevant Preferred and 
 to treat the Trust as one or more grantor trusts or agency arrangements. 
 Mandatory Redemption of APEX upon Redemption of the Preferred 
 The APEX have no stated maturity but must be redeemed on the date the Company redeems the Preferred, and the Property Trustee or paying agent will apply the proceeds from such repayment or redemption to redeem a like amount, as defined below, of the APEX. The Preferred is perpetual but the Company may redeem it on any Dividend Payment Date, subject to certain limitations. See Redemption below. The redemption price per APEX will equal the redemption price of the Preferred. See Redemption below. If notice of redemption of any Preferred has been given and if the funds necessary for the redemption have been set aside by the Company for the benefit of the holders of any shares of the Preferred so called for redemption, then, from and after the redemption date, those shares shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of those shares (including the right to receive any dividends) will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. 
 If less than all of the shares of the Preferred held by the Trust are to be redeemed on a redemption date, then the proceeds from such redemption will be allocated pro rata to the redemption of the APEX and the Common Securities, except as set forth below under Ranking of Common Securities. 
 The term like amount as used above means APEX having a liquidation amount equal to that portion of the liquidation amount of the Preferred to be contemporaneously redeemed, the proceeds of which will be used to pay the redemption price of such APEX. 
 Distributions to be paid on or before the redemption date for any APEX called for redemption will be payable to the holders as of the record dates for the related dates of distribution. If the APEX called for redemption are no longer in book-entry form, the Property Trustee, to the extent funds are available, will irrevocably deposit with the paying agent for the APEX funds sufficient to pay the applicable redemption price and will give such paying agent irrevocable instructions and authority to pay the redemption price to the holders thereof upon surrender of their certificates evidencing the APEX. 
 If notice of redemption shall have been given and funds deposited as required, then upon the date of such deposit 
 all rights of the holders of such APEX called for redemption will cease, except the right of the holders of such APEX to receive the redemption price and any distribution payable in respect of the APEX on or prior to the redemption date, but without interest on such redemption price and 
 the APEX called for redemption will cease to be outstanding. If any redemption date is not a business day, then the redemption amount will be payable on the next business day (and without any interest or other payment in respect of any such delay). However, if payment on the next business day causes payment of the redemption amount to be in the next calendar month, then payment will be on the preceding business day. 
 If payment of the redemption amount for the Preferred held by a Trust called for redemption is improperly withheld or refused and accordingly the redemption amount of the Trust s APEX is not paid either by the Trust or by the Company under the applicable Guarantee, then dividends on the Preferred called for redemption will continue to accrue and distributions on such series of APEX called for redemption will continue to accumulate at the applicable rate then borne by such APEX from the original redemption date scheduled to the actual date of payment. In this case, the actual payment date will be considered the redemption date for purposes of calculating the redemption amount. 
 Redemptions of the APEX will require prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. 
 The Company will not exercise its option to redeem any shares of the Preferred without obtaining the approval of the Federal Reserve Board (or any successor appropriate federal banking agency) as required by applicable law. Unless the Federal Reserve Board (or any successor appropriate federal banking agency) authorizes the 
 -38- 

Company to do otherwise in writing, the Company will redeem the Preferred only if it is replaced with other tier 1 capital that is not a restricted core capital element e.g. , common stock or another series of noncumulative perpetual preferred stock). 
 If less than all of the outstanding shares of the Preferred held by a Trust are to be redeemed on a redemption date, then the aggregate liquidation amount of APEX and Common Securities of that Trust to be redeemed shall be allocated pro rata to the APEX and Common Securities based upon the relative liquidation amounts of such series, except as set forth below under Ranking of Common Securities. The Property Trustee will select the particular APEX to be redeemed on a pro rata basis not more than 60 days before the redemption date from the outstanding APEX not previously called for redemption by any method the Property Trustee deems fair and appropriate, or if the APEX are in book-entry only form, in accordance with the procedures of DTC. The Property Trustee shall promptly notify the Transfer Agent in writing of the APEX selected for redemption and, in the case of any APEX selected for redemption in part, the liquidation amount to be redeemed. 
 For all purposes of the Trust Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, all provisions relating to the redemption of APEX shall relate, in the case of any APEX redeemed or to be redeemed only in part, to the portion of the aggregate liquidation amount of APEX that has been or is to be redeemed. If less than all of the APEX, the APEX held through the facilities of DTC will be redeemed pro rata in accordance with DTC s internal procedures. 
 Liquidation Distribution upon Dissolution 
 Pursuant to each Trust Agreement, the applicable Trust shall dissolve on the first to occur of 
 certain events of bankruptcy, dissolution or liquidation of the Company 
 redemption of all of its APEX as described above and 
 the entry of an order for the dissolution of the Trust by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 Except as set forth in the next paragraph, if an early dissolution occurs as a result of certain events of bankruptcy, dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Property Trustee and the administrative trustees will liquidate the Trust as expeditiously as they determine possible by distributing, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors of the Trust as provided by applicable law, to each holder of its APEX a like amount of the Preferred held by the Trust as of the date of such distribution. Except as set forth in the next paragraph, if an early dissolution occurs as a result of the entry of an order for the dissolution of the Trust by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Property Trustee will liquidate the Trust as expeditiously as it determines to be possible by distributing, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors of the Trust as provided by applicable law, to each holder of its APEX a like amount of the Preferred held by the Trust as of the date of such distribution. The Property Trustee shall give notice of liquidation to each holder of APEX at least 30 days and not more than 60 days before the date of liquidation. 
 If, whether because of an order for dissolution entered by a court of competent jurisdiction or otherwise, the Property Trustee determines that distribution of the Preferred in the manner provided above is not possible, or if the early dissolution occurs as a result of the redemption of all the APEX, the Property Trustee shall liquidate the property of the Trust and wind up its affairs. In that case, upon the winding up of the Trust, except with respect to an early dissolution that occurs as a result of the redemption of all the APEX, the holders will be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Trust available for distribution to holders and after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors of the Trust as provided by applicable law, an amount equal to the aggregate liquidation amount per Trust security plus accrued and unpaid distributions to the date of payment. If, upon any such winding up, the Trust has insufficient assets available to pay in full such aggregate liquidation distribution, then the amounts payable directly by the Trust on its Trust securities shall be paid on a pro rata basis, except as set forth below under Ranking of Common Securities. 
 The term like amount as used above means Preferred having a liquidation preference equal to the liquidation amount of the APEX of the holder to whom such Preferred would be distributed. 
 Distribution of Trust Assets 
 Upon liquidation of a Trust other than as a result of an early dissolution upon the redemption of all the APEX and after satisfaction of the liabilities of creditors of the Trust as provided by applicable law, the assets of the Trust will be distributed to the holders of such Trust securities in exchange therefor. 
 -39- 

After the liquidation date fixed for any distribution of assets of the Trust 
 the APEX will no longer be deemed to be outstanding 
 DTC or its nominee, as the record holder of the APEX, will receive a registered global certificate or certificates representing the Preferred to be delivered upon such distribution 
 any certificates representing the APEX not held by DTC or its nominee will be deemed to represent shares of the Preferred having a Liquidation Preference equal to the APEX until such certificates are so surrendered for transfer and reissuance and 
 all rights of the holders of the APEX will cease, except the right to receive Preferred upon such surrender. 
 Since each APEX corresponds to 1 100 th of a share of Preferred, holders of APEX may receive fractional shares of the Preferred or depositary shares representing the Preferred upon this distribution. 
 Ranking of Common Securities 
 If on any distribution date a Trust does not have funds available from dividends on the Preferred it holds to make full distributions on its APEX and Common Securities, then the available funds from dividends on the Preferred it holds shall be applied first to make distributions then due on its APEX on a pro rata basis on such distribution date up to the amount of such distributions corresponding to dividends on the Preferred (or if less, the amount of the corresponding distributions that would have been made on the APEX had the Company paid a full dividend on the Preferred) before any such amount is applied to make a distribution on the Trust s Common Securities on such distribution date. 
 If on any date where APEX and Common Securities must be redeemed because the Company is redeeming Preferred and a Trust does not have funds available from the Company s redemption of the Preferred it holds to pay the full redemption price then due on all of its outstanding APEX and Common Securities to be redeemed, then (i) the available funds shall be applied first to pay the redemption price on the APEX to be redeemed on such redemption date and (ii) Common Securities shall be redeemed only to the extent funds are available for such purpose after the payment of the full redemption price on the APEX to be redeemed. 
 If an early dissolution event occurs in respect of a Trust, no liquidation distributions shall be made on its Common Securities until full liquidation distributions have been made on its APEX. 
 In the case of any event of default under the Trust Agreement of a Trust resulting from the Company s failure to comply in any material respect with any of its obligations as issuer of the Preferred held by the Trust, including obligations set forth in its restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, or restated certificate of incorporation, or arising under applicable law, the Company, as holder of its Common Securities, will be deemed to have waived any right to act with respect to any such event of default under the Trust Agreement until the effect of all such events of default with respect to its APEX have been cured, waived or otherwise eliminated. Until all events of default under the Trust Agreement have been so cured, waived or otherwise eliminated, the Property Trustee shall act solely on behalf of the holders of its APEX and not on the Company s behalf, and only the holders of its APEX will have the right to direct the Property Trustee to act on their behalf. 
 Events of Default Notice 
 Any one of the following events constitutes an event of default under a Trust Agreement, or a Trust Event of Default, regardless of the reason for such event of default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body 
 the failure to comply in any material respect with the Company s obligations as issuer of the Preferred, under its restated certificate of incorporation, or those of the Trust, or arising under applicable law 
 the default by the Trust in the payment of any distribution on any Trust security of the Trust when such becomes due and payable, and continuation of such default for a period of 30 days 
 the default by the Trust in the payment of any redemption price of any Trust security of the Trust when such becomes due and payable 
 -40- 

the failure to perform or the breach, in any material respect, of any other covenant or warranty of the trustees in the Trust Agreement for 90 days after the defaulting trustee or trustees have received written notice of the failure to perform or breach in the manner specified in such Trust Agreement or 
 the occurrence of certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency with respect to the Property Trustee and the Company s failure to appoint a successor Property Trustee within 90 days. 
 Within 30 days after any Trust Event of Default with respect to a Trust actually known to the Property Trustee occurs, the Property Trustee will transmit notice of such Trust Event of Default to the holders of its APEX and to the administrative trustees, unless such Trust Event of Default shall have been cured or waived. The Company, as sponsor, and the administrative trustees are required to file annually with the Property Trustee a certificate as to whether or not the Company or the administrative trustees are in compliance with all the conditions and covenants applicable to the Company and to the administrative trustees under the Trust Agreement. 
 Mergers, Consolidations, Amalgamations or Replacements of a Trust 
 A Trust may not merge with or into, consolidate, amalgamate, or be replaced by, or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to the Company or any other person, except as described below or as otherwise described in its Trust Agreement. A Trust may, at the Company s request, with the consent of the administrative trustees but without the consent of the holders of its APEX, the Property Trustee or the Delaware Trustee, merge with or into, consolidate, amalgamate, or be replaced by, or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to, a trust organized as such under the laws of any state if 
 such successor entity either 
 expressly assumes all of the obligations of the Trust with respect to its APEX, or 
 substitutes for its APEX other securities having substantially the same terms as its APEX, or the Successor Securities, so long as the Successor Securities rank the same as its APEX in priority with respect to distributions and payments upon liquidation, redemption and otherwise 
 a trustee of such successor entity possessing the same powers and duties as the Property Trustee is appointed to hold the Preferred then held by or on behalf of the Property Trustee 
 such merger, consolidation, amalgamation, replacement, conveyance, transfer or lease does not cause its APEX, including any Successor Securities, to be downgraded by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization 
 such merger, consolidation, amalgamation, replacement, conveyance, transfer or lease does not adversely affect the rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of its APEX, including any Successor Securities, in any material respect 
 such successor entity has purposes substantially identical to those of the Trust 
 prior to such merger, consolidation, amalgamation, replacement, conveyance, transfer or lease, the Property Trustee has received an opinion from counsel to the Trust experienced in such matters to the effect that 
 such merger, consolidation, amalgamation, replacement, conveyance, transfer or lease does not adversely affect the rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of its APEX, including any Successor Securities, in any material respect, and 
 following such merger, consolidation, amalgamation, replacement, conveyance, transfer or lease, neither the Trust nor such successor entity will be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, or Investment Company Act 
 the Trust has received an opinion of counsel experienced in such matters that such merger, consolidation, amalgamation, conveyance, transfer or lease will not cause the Trust or the successor entity to be classified as an association or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and 
 -41- 

the Company or any permitted successor or assignee owns all of the common securities of such successor entity and guarantees the obligations of such successor entity under the Successor Securities at least to the extent provided by the Guarantee. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Trust may not, except with the consent of holders of 100 in liquidation amount of its APEX, consolidate, amalgamate, merge with or into, or be replaced by or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any other entity or permit any other entity to consolidate, amalgamate, merge with or into, or replace it if such consolidation, amalgamation, merger, replacement, conveyance, transfer or lease would cause the Trust or the successor entity to be classified as other than one or more grantor trusts or agency arrangements or to be classified as an association or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Voting Rights Amendment of a Trust Agreement 
 Except as provided herein and under Amendments and Assignment below and as otherwise required by law and the Trust Agreement, the holders of a Trust s APEX have no voting rights or control over the administration, operation or management of the Trust or the obligations of the parties to its Trust Agreement, including in respect of the Preferred held by the Trust. Under the Trust Agreement, however, the Property Trustee is required to obtain their consent before exercising some of its rights in respect of these securities. 
 Trust Agreement . The Company and the administrative trustees may amend a Trust s Trust Agreement without the consent of the holders of its APEX, the Property Trustee or the Delaware Trustee, unless in the case of the first two bullets below such amendment will materially and adversely affect the interests of any holder of APEX or the Property Trustee or the Delaware Trustee or impose any additional duty or obligation on the Property Trustee or the Delaware Trustee, to 
 cure any ambiguity, correct or supplement any provisions in the Trust Agreement that may be inconsistent with any other provision, or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the Trust Agreement, which may not be inconsistent with the other provisions of the Trust Agreement 
 modify, eliminate or add to any provisions of the Trust Agreement to such extent as shall be necessary to ensure that the Trust will be classified for U.S. federal income tax purposes as one or more grantor trusts or agency arrangements and not as an association or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation at all times that any Trust securities are outstanding, or to ensure that the Trust will not be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 
 provide that certificates for the APEX may be executed by an administrative trustee by facsimile signature instead of manual signature, in which case such amendment(s) shall also provide for the appointment by the Company of an authentication agent and certain related provisions 
 require that holders that are not U.S. persons for U.S. federal income tax purposes irrevocably appoint a U.S. person to exercise any voting rights to ensure that the Trust will not be treated as a foreign trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes or 
 conform the terms of the Trust Agreement to the description of the Trust Agreement, the APEX and the Common Securities in the prospectus dated December 5, 2006, of the Company and the Trusts, as supplemented by the prospectus supplement, dated May 8, 2007, in the manner provided in the Trust Agreement. 
 Any such amendment shall become effective when notice thereof is given to the Property Trustee, the Delaware Trustee and the holders of the APEX. 
 The Company and the administrative trustees may generally amend a Trust s Trust Agreement with 
 the consent of holders representing not less than a majority, based upon liquidation amounts, of its APEX and 
 receipt by the administrative trustees of the Trust of an opinion of counsel to the effect that such amendment or the exercise of any power granted to the administrative trustees of the Trust or the administrative trustees in accordance with such amendment will not affect the Trust s status as one or more grantor trusts or agency arrangements for U.S. federal income 
 -42- 

tax purposes or affect the Trust s exemption from status as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 However, without the consent of each affected holder of Trust securities, a Trust Agreement may not be amended to 
 change the amount or timing, or otherwise adversely affect the amount, of any distribution required to be made in respect of Trust securities as of a specified date or 
 restrict the right of a holder of Trust securities to institute a suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after such date. 
 Preferred Stock . So long as Preferred is held by the Property Trustee on behalf of a Trust, the trustees of the Trust will not waive any rights in respect of the Preferred without obtaining the prior approval of the holders of at least a majority in liquidation amount of its APEX then outstanding. The trustees of the Trust shall also not consent to any amendment to the Trust s or the Company s governing documents that would change the dates on which dividends are payable or the amount of such dividends, without the prior written consent of each holder of APEX. In addition to obtaining the foregoing approvals from holders, the administrative trustees shall obtain, at the Company s expense, an opinion of counsel to the effect that such action shall not cause the Trust to be taxable as a corporation or classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 General . Any required approval of holders of APEX may be given at a meeting of holders convened for such purpose or pursuant to written consent. The Property Trustee will cause a notice of any meeting at which holders are entitled to vote, or of any matter upon which action by written consent of such holders is to be taken, to be given to each record holder in the manner set forth in the Trust Agreement. 
 No vote or consent of the holders of APEX will be required for a Trust to redeem and cancel the APEX in accordance with a Trust Agreement. 
 Notwithstanding that holders of the APEX are entitled to vote or consent under any of the circumstances described above, any of the APEX that are owned by the Company or its affiliates or the trustees shall be deemed not to be outstanding. 
 Payment and Paying Agent 
 Payments on the APEX shall be made to DTC, which shall credit the relevant accounts on the applicable distribution dates. If any APEX are not held by DTC, such payments shall be made by check mailed to the address of the holder as such address shall appear on the register. 
 The paying agent is The Bank of New York Mellon and any co-paying agent chosen by the Property Trustee and acceptable to the Company and to the administrative trustees. 
 Registrar and Transfer Agent 
 The Bank of New York Mellon acts as registrar and transfer agent, or Transfer Agent, for the APEX. 
 Information Concerning the Property Trustee 
 Other than during the occurrence and continuance of a Trust Event of Default, the Property Trustee undertakes to perform only the duties that are specifically set forth in the Trust Agreement. After a Trust Event of Default, the Property Trustee must exercise the same degree of care and skill as a prudent individual would exercise or use in the conduct of his or her own affairs. Subject to this provision, the Property Trustee is under no obligation to exercise any of the powers vested in it by the Trust Agreement at the request of any holder of APEX unless it is offered indemnity satisfactory to it by such holder against the costs, expenses and liabilities that might be incurred. If no Trust Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Property Trustee is required to decide between alternative courses of action, construe ambiguous provisions in the Trust Agreement or is unsure of the application of any provision of the Trust Agreement, and the matter is not one upon which holders of APEX are entitled under the Trust Agreement to vote, then the Property Trustee will take any action that the Company directs. If the Company does not provide direction, the Property Trustee may take any action that it deems advisable and in the interests of the holders of the Trust securities and will have no liability except for its own bad faith, negligence or willful misconduct. 
 The Company and its affiliates may maintain certain accounts and other banking relationships with the Property Trustee and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
 -43- 

Trust Expenses 
 Pursuant to each Trust Agreement, the Company, as sponsor, agrees to pay 
 all debts and other obligations of the Trust (other than with respect to its APEX) 
 all costs and expenses of the Trust, including costs and expenses relating to the organization of the Trust, the fees, expenses and indemnities of the trustees and the cost and expenses relating to the operation of the Trust and 
 any and all taxes and costs and expenses with respect thereto, other than U.S. withholding taxes, to which the Trust might become subject. 
 Governing Law 
 Each Trust Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 Miscellaneous 
 The administrative trustees are authorized and directed to conduct the affairs of and to operate each Trust in such a way that it will not be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act or characterized as other than one or more grantor trusts or agency arrangements for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 In this regard, the Company and the administrative trustees are authorized to take any action, not inconsistent with applicable law, the certificate of trust of a Trust or its Trust Agreement, that the Company and the administrative trustees determine to be necessary or desirable to achieve such end, as long as such action does not materially and adversely affect the interests of the holders of the APEX. 
 Holders of the APEX have no preemptive or similar rights. The APEX are not convertible into or exchangeable for the Company s common stock or preferred stock. 
 Subject to any applicable rules of the Federal Reserve Board (or any successor appropriate federal banking agency), the Company or its affiliates may from time to time purchase any of the APEX that are then outstanding by tender, in the open market or by private agreement. 
 The Trust may not borrow money or issue debt or mortgage or pledge any of its assets. 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTEES 
 The following is a brief description of the terms of the Guarantee (as defined below) pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement for Goldman Sachs Capital II (formerly known as Goldman Sachs Capital IV), dated as of March 23, 2016, and the Guarantee Agreement for Goldman Sachs Capital III (formerly known as Goldman Sachs Capital V), dated as of March 23, 2016 (collectively, the Guarantee Agreements ). The description does not purport to be complete. 
 General 
 The following payments on each Trust s APEX, also referred to as the guarantee payments, if not fully paid by the Trust, will be paid by the Company under a guarantee, or Guarantee, that the Company has executed and delivered for the benefit of the holders of such APEX. Pursuant to each Guarantee, the Company irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to pay in full the guarantee payments, without duplication 
 any accumulated and unpaid distributions required to be paid on the APEX, to the extent the Trust has funds available to make the payment 
 the redemption price for any APEX called for redemption, to the extent the Trust has funds available to make the payment and 
 upon a voluntary or involuntary dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the Trust, other than in connection with a distribution of a like amount of corresponding assets to the holders of the APEX, the lesser of 
 -44- 

the aggregate of the liquidation amount and all accumulated and unpaid distributions on the APEX to the date of payment, to the extent the Trust has funds available to make the payment and 
 the amount of assets of the Trust remaining available for distribution to holders of the APEX upon liquidation of the Trust. 
 The Company s obligation to make a guarantee payment may be satisfied by direct payment of the required amounts by the Company to the holders of the APEX or by causing the Trust to pay the amounts to the holders. 
 If the Company does not make a regular dividend payment on the Preferred held by a Trust, the Trust will not have sufficient funds to make the related payments on the relevant series of APEX. The Guarantee does not cover payments on the APEX when the Trust does not have sufficient funds to make these payments. Because the Company is a holding company, its rights to participate in the assets of any of its subsidiaries upon the subsidiary s liquidation or reorganization will be subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary s creditors except to the extent that the Company may itself be a creditor with recognized claims against the subsidiary. The Guarantee does not limit the incurrence or issuance by the Company of other secured or unsecured indebtedness. 
 Each Guarantee is qualified as an indenture under the Trust Indenture Act. The Bank of New York Mellon acts as Guarantee Trustee for each Guarantee for purposes of compliance with the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act. The Guarantee Trustee holds each Guarantee for the benefit of the holders of APEX. 
 Effect of the Guarantees 
 Each Guarantee, when taken together with the Company s obligations and the Trust s obligations under the Trust Agreement, including the obligations to pay costs, expenses, debts and liabilities of the applicable Trust, other than with respect to its Trust securities, has the effect of providing a full and unconditional guarantee, on a subordinated basis, of payments due on its APEX. 
 The Company has also agreed separately to irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee the obligations of each Trust with respect to its Common Securities to the same extent as the Guarantee. 
 Status of the Guarantees 
 Each Guarantee is unsecured and ranks 
 subordinate and junior in right of payment to all of the Company s senior and subordinated debt and 
 equally with any of the Company s other present or future obligations that by their terms rank pari passu with such Guarantee. 
 Each Guarantee constitutes a guarantee of payment and not of collection, which means that the guaranteed party may sue the guarantor to enforce its rights under the Guarantee without suing any other person or entity. Each Guarantee is held for the benefit of the holders of APEX. Each Guarantee will be discharged only by payment of the guarantee payments in full to the extent not paid by the applicable Trust. 
 Amendments and Assignment 
 A Guarantee may be amended only with the prior approval of the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate liquidation amount of the applicable outstanding APEX. No vote is required, however, for any changes that do not adversely affect the rights of holders of APEX in any material respect. All guarantees and agreements contained in the Guarantee bind the Company s successors, assignees, receivers, trustees and representatives and are for the benefit of the holders of the applicable APEX then outstanding. 
 Termination of the Guarantees 
 A Guarantee will terminate 
 upon full payment of the redemption price of all applicable APEX or 
 -45- 

upon full payment of the amounts payable in accordance with the Trust Agreement upon liquidation of the Trust. 
 A Guarantee will continue to be effective or will be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any holder of APEX must restore payment of any sums paid under the APEX or the Guarantee. 
 Events of Default 
 An event of default under a Guarantee will occur if the Company fails to perform any payment obligation or if the Company fails to perform any other obligation under the Guarantee and such default remains unremedied for 30 days. 
 The holders of a majority in liquidation amount of the applicable APEX have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Guarantee Trustee in respect of a Guarantee or to direct the exercise of any trust or power conferred upon the Guarantee Trustee under the Guarantee. Any holder of APEX may institute a legal proceeding directly against the Company to enforce the Guarantee Trustee s rights and the Company s obligations under a Guarantee, without first instituting a legal proceeding against the Trust, the Guarantee Trustee or any other person or entity. 
 As guarantor, the Company is required to file annually with the Guarantee Trustee a certificate as to whether or not the Company is in compliance with all applicable conditions and covenants under the Guarantee. 
 Information Concerning the Guarantee Trustee 
 Prior to the occurrence of an event of default relating to a Guarantee, the Guarantee Trustee is required to perform only the duties that are specifically set forth in the Guarantees. Following the occurrence of an event of default, the Guarantee Trustee will exercise the same degree of care as a prudent individual would exercise in the conduct of his or her own affairs. Provided that the foregoing requirements have been met, the Guarantee Trustee is under no obligation to exercise any of the powers vested in it by the Guarantees at the request of any holder of APEX, unless offered indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred thereby. 
 The Company and its affiliates may maintain certain accounts and other banking relationships with the Guarantee Trustee and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
 Governing Law 
 The Guarantees are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 Limited Purpose of Trust 
 The Trust securities evidence beneficial interests in the Trust. A principal difference between the rights of a holder of a Trust security and a holder of Preferred is that a holder of Preferred would be entitled to receive from the issuer the dividends, redemption payments and payment upon liquidation in respect of Preferred while a holder of Trust securities is entitled to receive distributions from a Trust, or from the Company under a Guarantee, if and to the extent the Trust has funds available for the payment of such distributions. 
 Rights upon Dissolution 
 Upon any voluntary or involuntary dissolution of the Trust, holders of each series of APEX will receive the distributions described under Liquidation Distribution upon Dissolution above. Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of the Company, the holders of the Preferred would be preferred shareholders of the Company, entitled to the preferences upon liquidation described under Description of the Preferred below. Since the Company is the guarantor under the Guarantee and has agreed to pay for all costs, expenses and liabilities of the Trust, other than the Trust s obligations to the holders of the Trust securities, the positions of a holder of APEX relative to other creditors and to the Company s shareholders in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy are expected to be substantially the same as if that holder held the corresponding assets of the Trust directly. 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED 
 The following is a brief description of the terms of the Preferred held by the relevant Trust. This summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s restated certificate of incorporation, which is an exhibit to the Annual Report of which this exhibit is a part. 
 -46- 

General 
 The Company s authorized capital stock includes 150,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share (including the Preferred). 
 Shares of the Preferred rank senior to the Company s common stock, equally with each other series of the Company s preferred stock outstanding as of December 31, 2020, and at least equally with each other series of preferred stock that the Company may issue (except for any senior series that may be issued with the requisite consent of the holders of the Preferred), with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. The Preferred is fully paid and nonassessable, which means that its holders have paid their purchase price in full and that the Company may not ask them to surrender additional funds. Holders of the Preferred do not have preemptive or subscription rights to acquire more preferred stock of the Company. The Preferred is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of stock or other securities of the Company. The Preferred has no stated maturity and is not subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of the Company to redeem or repurchase the Preferred. 
 The Preferred has a fixed liquidation preference of 100,000 per share. If the Company liquidates, dissolves or winds up its affairs, holders of the Preferred will be entitled to receive, out of the Company s assets that are available for distribution to shareholders, an amount per share equal to the liquidation preference per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without regard to any undeclared dividends. 
 Unless the Trust is dissolved prior to the redemption of the Preferred, holders of APEX will not receive shares of the Preferred, and their interest in the Preferred will be represented by their APEX. If the Trust is dissolved, the Company may elect to distribute depositary shares representing the Preferred instead of fractional shares. Since the Preferred is held by the Property Trustee, holders of APEX are only able to exercise voting or other rights with respect to the Preferred through the Property Trustee. 
 Dividends 
 Dividends on shares of the Preferred are not mandatory. Holders of the Preferred are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Company s board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board), out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends under Delaware law, non-cumulative cash dividends from the date of their issuance. These dividends are payable on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year (each, for purposes of this section, a Dividend Payment Date ), with respect to the Dividend Period, or portion thereof, ending on the day preceding the respective Dividend Payment Date, at a rate per annum equal to the greater of (x) three-month LIBOR for the related distribution period plus 0.765 (in the case of the Series E Preferred Stock) or 0.77 (in the case of the Series F Preferred Stock) and (y) 4.000 . 
 Dividends are payable to holders of record of the Preferred as they appear on the Company s books on the applicable record date, which shall be the 15th calendar day before that Dividend Payment Date or such other record date fixed by the Company s board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) that is not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior to such Dividend Payment Date (each, for purposes of this section, a Dividend Record Date ). These Dividend Record Dates apply regardless of whether a particular Dividend Record Date is a business day. 
 A Dividend Period is the period from and including a Dividend Payment Date to but excluding the next Dividend Payment Date. If any that would otherwise be a Dividend Payment Date is not a business day, then the next business day will be the applicable Dividend Payment Date. 
 The amount of dividends payable per share of the Preferred on each Dividend Payment Date is calculated by multiplying the per annum Dividend Rate in effect for that Dividend Period by a fraction, the numerator of which is the actual number of days in that Dividend Period and the denominator of which is 360, and multiplying the rate obtained by 100,000. 
 For any Dividend Period, LIBOR shall be determined by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, as calculation agent for the Preferred, on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such Dividend Period, as the case may be, in the following manner 
 LIBOR will be the offered rate per annum for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such period, as that rate appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 (or any successor or replacement page) as of 11 00 A.M., London time, on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such Dividend Period or Interest Period, as the case may be. 
 -47- 

If the rate described above does not appear on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 (or any successor or replacement page), LIBOR will be determined on the basis of the rates, at approximately 11 00 A.M., London time, on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such Dividend Period or Interest Period, as the case may be, at which deposits of the following kind are offered to prime banks in the London interbank market by four major banks in that market selected by the calculation agent three-month deposits in U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such Dividend Period or Interest Period, as the case may be, and in a Representative Amount. The calculation agent will request the principal London office of each of these banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two quotations are provided, LIBOR for the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such Dividend Period or Interest Period, as the case may be, will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. 
 If fewer than two quotations are provided as described above, LIBOR for the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such Dividend Period or Interest Period, as the case may be, will be the arithmetic mean of the rates for loans of the following kind to leading European banks quoted, at approximately 11 00 A.M. New York City time on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such Dividend Period or Interest Period, as the case may be, by three major banks in New York City selected by the calculation agent three-month loans of U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such Dividend Period, and in a Representative Amount. 
 If fewer than three banks selected by the calculation agent are quoting as described above, LIBOR for the new Dividend Period will be LIBOR in effect for the prior Dividend Period or Interest Period, as the case may be. 
 The calculation agent s determination of any dividend rate, and its calculation of the amount of dividends for any Dividend Period, will be on file at the Company s principal offices, will be made available to any stockholder upon request and will be final and binding in the absence of manifest error. 
 This subsection uses several terms that have special meanings relevant to calculating LIBOR. Those terms have the following meanings 
 The term Representative Amount means an amount that, in the calculation agent s judgment, is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
 Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page means the display designated on the Reuters 3000 Xtra (or such other page as may replace that page on that service or such other service as may be nominated by the British Bankers Association for the purpose of displaying London interbank offered rates for U.S. Dollar deposits). 
 The term business day means a day that is a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday and is not a day on which banking institutions in New York City generally are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 
 The term London business day means a day that is a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday and is a day on which dealings in U.S. dollars are transacted in the London interbank market. If the Company determines not to pay any dividend or a full dividend, the Company will provide prior written notice to the Property Trustee, who will notify holders of APEX, and the administrative trustees. 
 Dividends on the Preferred are not cumulative. Accordingly, if the board of directors of the Company (or a duly authorized committee of the board) does not declare a dividend on the Preferred payable in respect of any Dividend Period before the related Dividend Payment Date, such dividend will not accrue and the Company will have no obligation to pay a dividend for that Dividend Period on the Dividend Payment Date or at any future time, whether or not dividends on the Preferred are declared for any future Dividend Period. 
 So long as any share of Preferred remains outstanding, no dividend shall be paid or declared on the Company s common stock or any other shares of the Company s junior stock (as defined below) (other than a dividend payable solely in junior stock), and no common stock or other junior stock shall be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by the Company, directly or indirectly (other than as a result of a reclassification of junior stock for or into other Junior Stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of junior stock for or into another share of junior stock and other than through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of junior stock), during a Dividend Period, unless the full dividends for the latest completed Dividend Period on all outstanding shares of Preferred have been declared and paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside). However, the foregoing provision 
 -48- 

shall not restrict the ability of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, or any of the Company s other affiliates, to engage in any market-making transactions in the Company s junior stock in the ordinary course of business. 
 As used in this description of the Preferred, junior stock means any class or series of stock of the Company that ranks junior to the Preferred either as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company s junior stock includes the Company s common stock. 
 When dividends are not paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for payment thereof set aside) on any Dividend Payment Date (or, in the case of parity stock, as defined below, having Dividend Payment Dates different from the Dividend Payment Dates pertaining to the Preferred, on a Dividend Payment Date falling within the related Dividend Period for the Preferred) in full upon the Preferred and any shares of parity stock, all dividends declared upon the Preferred and all such equally ranking securities payable on such Dividend Payment Date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Preferred, on a dividend payment date falling within the related Dividend Period for the Preferred) shall be declared pro rata so that the respective amounts of such dividends shall bear the same ratio to each other as all accrued but unpaid dividends per share on the Preferred and all parity stock payable on such Dividend Payment Date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Preferred, on a dividend payment date falling within the related Dividend Period for the Preferred) bear to each other. 
 As used in this description of the Preferred, parity stock means any other class or series of stock of the Company that ranks equally with the Preferred in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 
 Subject to the foregoing, such dividends (payable in cash, stock or otherwise) as may be determined by the Company s board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) may be declared and paid on the Company s common stock and any other stock ranking equally with or junior to the Preferred from time to time out of any funds legally available for such payment, and the shares of the Preferred shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividend. 
 Redemption 
 The Preferred may be redeemed (but subject to applicable regulatory limits) in whole or in part, at the Company s option. Any such redemption will be at a cash redemption price of 100,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends including, without regard to any undeclared dividends. Holders of Preferred have no right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Preferred. If notice of redemption of any Preferred has been given and if the funds necessary for the redemption have been set aside by the Company for the benefit of the holders of any shares of the Preferred so called for redemption, then, from and after the redemption date, those shares shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of those shares (including the right to receive any dividends) will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. 
 If fewer than all of the outstanding shares of the Preferred are to be redeemed, the shares to be redeemed will be selected either pro rata from the holders of record of shares of the Preferred in proportion to the number of shares held by those holders or by lot or in such other manner as the Company s board of directors or a committee thereof may determine to be fair and equitable. 
 The Company will mail notice of every redemption of Preferred by first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the holders of record of the Preferred to be redeemed at their respective last addresses appearing on the Company s books. This mailing will be at least 30 days and not more than 60 days before the date fixed for redemption provided that if the Preferred is held in book-entry form through DTC, the Company may give this notice in any manner permitted by DTC). Any notice mailed or otherwise given as provided in this paragraph will be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the holder receives this notice, and failure duly to give this notice by mail or otherwise, or any defect in this notice or in the mailing or provision of this notice, to any holder of Preferred designated for redemption will not affect the redemption of any other Preferred. If the Company redeems the Preferred, the Trust, as holder of the Preferred, will redeem the corresponding APEX as described under Mandatory Redemption of APEX upon Redemption of Preferred. 
 Each notice shall state 
 the redemption date 
 the number of shares of the Preferred to be redeemed and, if less than all shares of the Preferred held by the holder are to be redeemed, the number of shares to be redeemed from the holder 
 -49- 

the redemption price and 
 the place or places where the Preferred is to be redeemed. 
 The Company s right to redeem the Preferred once issued is subject to prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board (or any successor banking agency). 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, holders of the Preferred are entitled to receive out of assets of the Company available for distribution to stockholders, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors, if any, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of common stock or of any of the Company s other shares of stock ranking junior as to such a distribution to the shares of the Preferred, a liquidating distribution in the amount of 100,000 per share, plus declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. Holders of the Preferred are not entitled to any other amounts from the Company after they have received their full liquidation preference. 
 In any such distribution, if the assets of the Company are not sufficient to pay the liquidation preferences in full to all holders of the Preferred and all holders of any other shares of the Company s stock ranking equally as to such distribution with the Preferred, the amounts paid to the holders of the Preferred and to the holders of all such other stock will be paid pro rata in accordance with the respective aggregate liquidation preferences of those holders. In any such distribution, the liquidation preference of any holder of preferred stock means the amount payable to such holder in such distribution, including any declared but unpaid dividends (and any unpaid, accrued cumulative dividends in the case of any holder of stock on which dividends accrue on a cumulative basis). If the liquidation preference has been paid in full to all holders of Preferred and any other shares of the Company s stock ranking equally as to the liquidation distribution, the holders of the Company s other stock shall be entitled to receive all remaining assets of the Company according to their respective rights and preferences. 
 For purposes of this description of the Preferred, the merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity, including a merger or consolidation in which the holders of Preferred receive cash, securities or property for their shares, or the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company for cash, securities or other property shall not constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 
 Voting Rights 
 Except as provided below, the holders of the Preferred have no voting rights. 
 Whenever dividends on any shares of the Preferred shall have not been declared and paid for a period the equivalent of six or more dividend payments, whether or not consecutive, equivalent to at least 18 months Dividend Periods (as used in this section, a Nonpayment ), the holders of such shares, voting together as a class with holders of any and all other series of voting preferred stock (as defined below) then outstanding, will be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two additional members of the Company s board of directors (as used in this section, the Preferred Stock Directors ), provided that the election of any such director shall not cause the Company to violate the corporate governance requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange on which the Company s securities may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors and provided further that the Company s board of directors shall at no time include more than two Preferred Stock Directors. In that event, the number of directors on the Company s board of directors shall automatically increase by two, and the new directors shall be elected at a special meeting called at the request of the holders of record of at least 20 of the Preferred or of any other series of voting preferred stock (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election shall be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue until dividends on the shares of the Preferred and any such series of voting preferred stock for at least one year four Dividend Periods, whether or not consecutive, following the Nonpayment shall have been fully paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of such dividends shall have been set aside for payment). 
 As used in this description of the Preferred, voting preferred stock means any other class or series of preferred stock of the Company ranking equally with the Preferred either as to dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable. Whether a plurality, majority or other portion of the shares of the Preferred and any other voting preferred stock have been voted in favor of any matter shall be determined by reference to the liquidation amounts of the shares voted. 
 -50- 

If and when dividends for at least four Dividend Periods, whether or not consecutive, following a Nonpayment have been paid in full (or declared and a sum sufficient for such payment shall have been set aside), the holders of the Preferred shall be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment) and, if such voting rights for all other holders of voting preferred stock have terminated, the term of office of each Preferred Stock Director so elected shall terminate and the number of directors on the board of directors shall automatically decrease by two. In determining whether dividends have been paid for at least four Dividend Periods, whether or not consecutive, the Company may take account of any dividend the Company elects to pay for a Dividend Period after the regular dividend date for that period has passed. Any Preferred Stock Director may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Preferred when they have the voting rights described above (voting together as a class with all series of voting preferred stock then outstanding). So long as a Nonpayment shall continue, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Stock Director (other than prior to the initial election after a Nonpayment) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Stock Director remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Preferred and all voting preferred stock when they have the voting rights described above (voting together as a class). The Preferred Stock Directors shall each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter. 
 So long as any shares of the Preferred remain outstanding, the Company will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Preferred and all other series of voting preferred stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting 
 authorized amount of, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Preferred with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company 
 amend, alter or repeal the provisions of the Company s restated certificate of incorporation so as to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Preferred, taken as a whole or 
 consummate a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the Preferred or a merger or consolidation of the Company with another entity, unless in each case (i) the shares of the Preferred remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which the Company is not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) such shares remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Preferred, taken as a whole 
 provided , however , that any increase in the amount of the authorized or issued Preferred or other authorized preferred stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of preferred stock ranking equally with and or junior to the Preferred with respect to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company will not be deemed to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Preferred. 
 If an amendment, alteration, repeal, share exchange, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would adversely affect one or more but not all series of voting preferred stock (including the Preferred for this purpose), then only the series affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all such series of preferred stock. 
 Without the consent of the holders of the Preferred, so long as such action does not adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Preferred, the Company may amend, alter, supplement or repeal any terms of the Preferred 
 to cure any ambiguity, or to cure, correct or supplement any provision contained in the certificate of designations for the Preferred that may be defective or inconsistent or 
 to make any provision with respect to matters or questions arising with respect to the Preferred that is not inconsistent with the provisions of the certificate of designations. 
 The foregoing voting provisions do not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of the Preferred shall have been 
 -51- 

redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been set aside by the Company for the benefit of the holders of the Preferred to effect such redemption. 
 Form 
 The Preferred are issued only in fully registered form. Other than the fractional shares currently held by each Trust, no fractional shares will be issued unless a Trust is dissolved and the Company delivers the shares, rather than depositary receipts representing the shares, to the registered holders of its APEX. If a Trust is dissolved and depositary receipts or shares of the Preferred held by the Trust are distributed to holders of its APEX, the Company would intend to distribute them in book-entry form only and the procedures governing holding and transferring beneficial interests in the Preferred, and the circumstances in which holders of beneficial interests will be entitled to receive certificates evidencing their shares or depositary receipts. If the Company determines to issue depositary shares representing fractional interests in the Preferred, each depositary share will be represented by a depositary receipt. In such an event, the Preferred represented by the depositary shares will be deposited under a deposit agreement among the Company, a depositary and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts representing depositary shares. Subject to the terms and conditions of any deposit agreement, each holder of a depositary share will be entitled, through the depositary, in proportion to the applicable fraction of a share of the Preferred represented by such depositary share, to all the rights applicable fraction of a share of the Preferred represented by such depositary share, to all the rights and preferences of the Preferred represented thereby (including dividends, voting, redemption and liquidation rights). 
 Title 
 The Company, the transfer agent and registrar for the Preferred held by a Trust, and any of their agents may treat the registered owner of the Preferred, which shall be the Property Trustee unless and until the Trust is dissolved, as the absolute owner of that stock, whether or not any payment for the Preferred shall be overdue and despite any notice to the contrary, for any purpose. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 If a Trust is dissolved and shares of the Preferred held by the Trust or depositary receipts representing the Preferred are distributed to holders of APEX, the Company may appoint a transfer agent, registrar, calculation agent, redemption agent and dividend disbursement agent for the Preferred. The registrar for the Preferred will send notices to shareholders of any meetings at which holders of the Preferred have the right to vote on any matter. 
 
 -52- 

DESCRIPTION OF MEDIUM-TERM NOTES, SERIES F, CALLABLE FIXED AND FLOATING RATE NOTES DUE MARCH 2031 OF GS FINANCE CORP. (FULLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY GUARANTEED BY THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC.) 
 The following is a brief description of the terms of the Callable Fixed and Floating Rate Notes, an issuance of Medium-Term Notes, Series F of GS Finance Corp. GSFC (the Callable Notes ), which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. It does not purport to be complete. This description is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2008, among GSFC, as issuer, the Company, as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 20, 2015, the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 21, 2018 and the Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2020 (collectively, the GSFC 2008 Indenture ), which are exhibits to the Annual Report of which this exhibit is a part. Unless the context otherwise provides, all references to the Company in this description refer only to The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and does not include its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 The GSFC 2008 indenture permits GSFC to issue, from time to time, different series of debt securities and, within each different series of debt securities, different debt securities. The Medium-Term Notes, Series F are a single, distinct series of debt securities. GSFC may, however, issue notes in such amounts, at such times and on such terms as GSFC wishes. The notes of the Medium-Term Notes, Series F may differ from one another, and from other series, in their terms. 
 In this description, references to a series of debt securities mean a series issued under the GSFC 2008 Indenture, such as the notes issued under GSFC s Medium-Term Notes, Series F program. 
 Terms of the Callable Notes 
 The Callable Notes were originally issued on March 11, 2021 and have a stated maturity date of March 11, 2031 (the stated maturity date ). As noted above, the Callable Notes are part of a series of debt securities, entitled Medium-Term Notes, Series F, that GSFC may issue under the GSFC 2008 Indenture from time to time. The Callable Notes are listed on the New York Stock Exchange Bonds Market under the ticker symbol GS 31B. 
 The payment of principal of, and any interest and premium on, the Callable Notes is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. The guarantee will remain in effect until the entire principal of, and interest and premium, if any, on, the Callable Notes has been paid in full or discharged in accordance with the provisions of the GSFC 2008 Indenture, or otherwise fully defeased by GSFC or by the Company. The guarantee of senior debt securities of GSFC, such as the Callable Notes, will rank equally in right of payment to all senior indebtedness of the Company. 
 
 Payment of Principal on Stated Maturity Date 
 GSFC will pay holders of Callable Notes that have not been redeemed by the stated maturity date an amount in cash equal to the outstanding face amount of such holders Callable Notes. The stated maturity date of the Callable Notes is March 11, 2031, subject to GSFC s early redemption right. If the stated maturity date falls on a day that is not a business day, payment of principal otherwise due on such day will be made on the next succeeding business day, and no interest on such payment shall accrue for the period from and after the stated maturity date. 
 
 Interest Payments 
 For each fixed rate interest period, the fixed interest rate on the Callable Notes will equal 5 per annum. For each floating rate interest period, the floating interest rate on the Callable Notes will be based upon the CMS spread on the relevant interest determination date for such floating rate interest period and will be a rate per annum equal to 
 if (i) the CMS spread minus 0.25 times (ii) 6.5 is greater than or equal to the maximum interest rate, the maximum interest rate 
 if (i) the CMS spread minus 0.25 times (ii) 6.5 is less than the maximum interest rate but greater than the minimum interest rate, (i) the CMS spread minus 0.25 times (ii) 6.5 or 
 if (i) the CMS spread minus 0.25 times (ii) 6.5 is equal to or less than the minimum interest rate, the minimum interest rate. 
 -53- 

The maximum interest rate on the Callable Notes is 10 per annum. Based on the formula used to calculate the floating interest rate on the Callable Notes, holders will not benefit from any increases in the CMS spread minus 0.25 above approximately 1.54 . The minimum interest rate on the Callable Notes is 0 per annum. 
 The term fixed rate interest periods means the periods from and including a fixed rate interest payment date (or the original issue date, in the case of the first fixed rate interest period) to but excluding the next succeeding fixed rate interest payment date, where the term fixed rate interest payment dates means March 11, June 11, September 11 and December 11 of each year, commencing on June 11, 2021 and ending on March 11, 2022, subject to adjustments as described below. 
 The term floating rate interest periods means the periods from and including a floating rate interest payment date (or the final fixed rate interest payment date, in the case of the first floating rate interest period) to but excluding the next succeeding floating rate interest payment date (or the stated maturity date, in the case of the final floating rate interest period), where the term floating rate interest payment dates means March 11, June 11, September 11 and December 11 of each year, beginning on June 11, 2022 and ending on the stated maturity date, subject to adjustments as described below. 
 The term interest determination dates means, for each floating rate interest period, the second U.S. government securities business day preceding such floating rate interest period. 
 The term CMS spread means, on any interest determination date, the 30-year CMS rate minus the 5-year CMS rate, as described under CMS Rate below. 
 The calculation agent will calculate the amount of interest payable on each fixed rate interest payment date and floating rate interest payment date (each, an interest payment date for the applicable fixed rate interest period and floating rate interest period (each, an interest period in the following manner. For each 1,000 face amount of the Callable Notes and for each interest period, the calculation agent will calculate the amount of interest to be paid by calculating the product of (i) the 1,000 face amount times (ii) the applicable fixed interest rate or floating interest rate times (iii) the applicable day count convention on a 30 360 (ISDA) basis. 
 Interest will be paid on the Callable Notes on each quarterly interest payment date. If an interest payment date (other than the interest payment date that falls on the stated maturity date) falls on a day that is not a business day, the payment due on such interest payment date will be postponed to the next day that is a business day provided that interest due with respect to such interest payment date shall not accrue from and including such interest payment date to and including the date of payment of such interest as so postponed. If the stated maturity date falls on a day that is not a business day, payment of interest otherwise due on such day will be made on the next succeeding business day, and no interest on such payment shall accrue for the period from and after the stated maturity date. 
 CMS Rate 
 References to the 30-year CMS rate or the 5-year CMS rate on an interest determination date mean the rate appearing on the Refinitiv page ICESWAP1 for 30-year or 5-year index maturity, as the case may be, as of approximately 11 00 A.M., New York City time, on such interest determination date. If a CMS rate cannot be determined in this manner on the relevant interest determination date, the following procedures will apply to the Callable Notes. 
 If the calculation agent determines on an interest determination date that a CMS rate has been discontinued, then the calculation agent will use a substitute or successor rate that it has determined in its sole discretion is most comparable to the applicable CMS rate, provided that if the calculation agent determines there is an industry-accepted successor rate, then the calculation agent shall use such successor rate. If the calculation agent has determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing, the calculation agent in its sole discretion may determine the business day convention, the applicable business days and the interest determination dates to be used, and any other relevant methodology for calculating such substitute or successor rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such substitute or successor rate comparable to the applicable CMS rate, in a manner that is consistent with any industry-accepted practices for such substitute or successor rate. 
 Unless the calculation agent uses a substitute or successor rate as so provided, if the CMS rate cannot be determined in the manner described above, the applicable CMS rate for that interest determination date will be determined by the calculation agent, after consulting such sources as it deems comparable to the foregoing display page, or any other source it deems reasonable, in its sole discretion. 
 The applicable CMS rate will be subject to the corrections, if any, published on the Refinitiv page ICESWAP1 within one hour of the time that rate was first displayed on such source. 
 -54- 

The term Refinitiv page ICESWAP1 means the display on the Refinitiv Eikon service, or any successor or replacement service, on the page ICESWAP1, or any successor or replacement page on that service. 
 Manner of Payment 
 Any payment on the Callable Notes at maturity or upon redemption will be made to an account designated by the holder of such Callable Notes and approved by GSFC, or at the office of the trustee in New York City, but only when such Callable Notes are surrendered to the trustee at that office. GSFC may pay interest on any interest payment date by check mailed to the person who is the holder on the regular record date. GSCF also may make any payment in accordance with the applicable procedures of the depositary. 
 Modified Business Day 
 Any payment on the Callable Notes that would otherwise be due on a day that is not a business day may instead be paid on the next day that is a business day, with the same effect as if paid on the original due date. For the Callable Notes, however, the term business day may have a different meaning than it does for other Series F medium-term notes, as described under Special Calculation Provisions below. 
 Role of Calculation Agent 
 The calculation agent in its sole discretion will make all determinations regarding the CMS spread, the 30-year CMS rate, the 5-year CMS rate, the interest determination dates, the regular record dates, the interest payable on each interest payment date, U.S. government securities business days, business days, postponement of the stated maturity date and the amount payable on the Callable Notes at maturity or redemption, as applicable. Absent manifest error, all determinations of the calculation agent will be final and binding on holders of the Callable Notes and GSFC, without any liability on the part of the calculation agent. 
 Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC GS&Co. ), an affiliate of GSFC, is currently serving as the calculation agent as of the date of this description. GSFC may change the calculation agent for the Callable Notes at any time after the date of this prospectus supplement without notice and GS&Co. may resign as calculation agent at any time upon 60 days written notice to GSFC. 
 Early Redemption Right 
 GSFC may redeem the Callable Notes, at GSFC s option, in whole but not in part, on the interest payment date falling on March 11, 2022 and on each interest payment date occurring thereafter, for an amount equal to 100 of the face amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 If GSFC chooses to exercise its early redemption right, it will notify the holder of the Callable Notes and the trustee by giving at least five business days prior notice. The day GSFC gives the notice, which will be a business day, will be the redemption notice date and the immediately following interest payment date, which GSFC will state in the redemption notice, will be the redemption date. GSFC will not give a redemption notice that results in a redemption date later than the stated maturity date. 
 If GSFC gives the holder a redemption notice, GSFC will redeem the entire outstanding face amount of such holder s Callable Notes. On the redemption date, GSFC will pay to the holder of record on the business day immediately preceding the redemption date, the redemption price in cash, together with any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date, in the manner described under Manner of Payment above. 
 Special Calculation Provisions 
 The term business day with respect to the Callable Notes means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday that is not a day on which banking institutions in New York City generally are authorized or obligated by law, regulation or executive order to close. 
 References to a U.S. government securities business day with respect to the Callable Notes mean any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income department of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
 -55- 

Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance 
 The provisions for full defeasance and covenant defeasance in the GSFC 2008 Indenture do not apply to the Callable Notes. 
 Default, Remedies and Waiver of Default 
 A holder will have special rights if an event of default with respect to his or her series of debt securities occurs and is continuing, as described in this subsection. 
 Events of Default 
 References to an event of default with respect to any series of debt securities mean any of the following 
 GSFC or the Company does not pay the principal or any premium on any debt security of that series within 30 days after the due date 
 GSFC or the Company does not pay interest on any debt security of that series within 30 days after the due date or 
 GSFC files for bankruptcy or other events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization relating to GSFC occur. Those events must arise under U.S. federal or state law, unless GSFC merges, consolidates or sells its assets as described above and the successor firm is a non-U.S. entity. If that happens, then those events must arise under U.S. federal or state law or the law of the jurisdiction in which the successor firm is legally organized. 
 As described below under Remedies If an Event of Default Occurs, under the GSFC 2008 Indenture, events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization relating to the Company will not cause any of GSFC s debt securities issued under such indenture to be automatically accelerated. In the event that the Company becomes subject to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization (but GSFC does not), any series of debt securities issued under the GSFC 2008 Indenture will not be immediately due and repayable. In addition, under the GSFC 2008 Indenture, a breach of a covenant or warranty by the Company (including, for example, a breach of the Company s covenants and warranties with respect to mergers and similar transactions or restrictions on liens) will not have the potential to cause any of GSFC s debt securities issued under the GSFC 2008 Indenture to be declared due and payable immediately. Instead, under the GSFC 2008 Indenture, the trustee or holder will need to wait until the earlier of the time that (i) GSFC itself becomes subject to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or otherwise defaults on the terms of the debt securities, (ii) the Company otherwise defaults on the terms of the debt securities and (iii) the final maturity of the debt securities. The return the holder receives on any series of debt securities issued under the GSFC 2008 Indenture may be significantly less than what a holder would have otherwise received had the debt securities been automatically accelerated upon certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization relating to the Company or declared due and payable immediately following the breach of a covenant or warranty by the Company. 
 Covenant Breaches 
 References to a covenant breach with respect to any series of debt securities mean any of the following 
 GSFC or the Company does not deposit a required sinking fund payment with regard to any debt security of that series on the due date 
 GSFC remains in breach of any other covenant it makes in the GSFC 2008 Indenture for the benefit of the relevant series for 60 days after GSFC and the Company receive a notice of default stating that GSFC is in breach and requiring GSFC to remedy the breach. The notice must be sent by the trustee or the holders of at least 10 in principal amount of the relevant series of debt securities then outstanding 
 Except as provided by the GSFC 2008 Indenture, the debt security of that series and the related guarantee, the guarantee ceases to be effective, or a court finds the guarantee to be unenforceable or invalid, or the Company denies its obligations as the guarantor. 
 A covenant breach shall not be an event of default with respect to any security. 
 -56- 

Remedies If an Event of Default or Covenant Breach Occurs 
 If an event of default has occurred with respect to any series of debt securities and has not been cured or waived, the trustee or the holders of not less than 25 in principal amount of all debt securities of that series then outstanding may declare the entire principal amount of the debt securities of that series to be due immediately. If the event of default occurs because of events in bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization relating to GSFC, the entire principal amount of the debt securities of that series will be automatically accelerated, without any action by the trustee or any holder. 
 Each of the situations described above is called an acceleration of the stated maturity of the affected series of debt securities. If the stated maturity of any series is accelerated and a judgment for payment has not yet been obtained, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the debt securities of that series may cancel the acceleration for the entire series. 
 If an event of default or a covenant breach occurs, the trustee will have special duties. In that situation, the trustee will be obligated to use those of its rights and powers under the GSFC 2008 Indenture, and to use the same degree of care and skill in doing so, that a prudent person would use in that situation in conducting his or her own affairs. 
 Except as described in the prior paragraph, the trustee is not required to take any action under the GSFC 2008 Indenture at the request of any holders unless the holders offer the trustee reasonable protection from expenses and liability i.e ., an indemnity). If the trustee is provided with an indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it, the holders of a majority in principal amount of all debt securities of the relevant series may direct the time, method and place of conducting any lawsuit or other formal legal action seeking any remedy available to the trustee with respect to that series. These majority holders may also direct the trustee in performing any other action under the GSFC 2008 Indenture with respect to the debt securities of that series. 
 Before a holder bypasses the trustee and bring its own lawsuit or other formal legal action or take other steps to enforce its rights or protect its interests relating to any debt security, all of the following must occur 
 The holder must give the trustee written notice that an event of default or a covenant breach has occurred, and the event of default or covenant breach must not have been cured or waived 
 The holders of not less than 25 in principal amount of all debt securities of a holder s series must make a written request that the trustee take action because of the default, and they or other holders must offer to the trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the trustee against the cost and other liabilities of taking that action 
 The trustee must not have taken action for 60 days after the above steps have been taken and 
 During those 60 days, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the debt securities of a holder s series must not have given the trustee directions that are inconsistent with the written request of the holders of not less than 25 in principal amount of the debt securities of a holder s series. 
 A holder is entitled at any time, however, to bring a lawsuit for the payment of money due on his or her debt security on or after its stated maturity (or, if the debt security is redeemable, on or after its redemption date). 
 Waiver of Default 
 The holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the debt securities of any series may waive a default for all debt securities of that series. If this happens, the default will be treated as if it has not occurred. No one can waive a payment default on a holder s debt security, however, without the approval of the particular holder of that debt security. 
 GSFC and the Company Will Give the Trustee Information About Defaults Annually 
 GSFC and the Company will furnish to the trustee every year a written statement, respectively, of two of their officers certifying that to their knowledge GSFC or the Company, as the case may be, is in compliance with the GSFC 2008 Indenture and the debt securities issued under it, or else specifying any default under the relevant debt indenture. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term default means any event which is, or after notice or lapse of time or both would become, an event of default or covenant breach. 
 -57- 

Default Amount on Acceleration 
 If an event of default occurs and the maturity of the Callable Notes is accelerated, GSFC will pay the default amount in respect of the principal of the Callable Notes at the maturity, instead of the amount payable on the Callable Notes as described earlier. 
 For the purpose of determining whether the holders of GSFC s Medium-Term Notes Series F, which include the Callable Notes, are entitled to take any action under the GSFC 2008 Indenture, GSFC will treat the outstanding face amount of each Callable Note as the outstanding principal amount of that note. Although the terms of the Callable Notes differ from those of the other Medium-Term Notes Series F, holders of specified percentages in principal amount of all Medium-Term Notes Series F, together in some cases with other series of GSFC s debt securities, will be able to take action affecting all the Medium-Term Notes Series F, including the Callable Notes, except with respect to certain Medium-Term Notes Series F, if the terms of such notes specify that the holders of specified percentages in the principal amount of all such notes must also consent to such action. This action may involve changing some of the terms that apply to the Medium-Term Notes Series F, accelerating the maturity of the Medium-Term Notes Series F, after a default or waiving some of GSFC s obligations under the GSFC 2008 Indenture. In addition, certain changes to the GSFC 2008 Indenture and the Callable Notes that only affect certain debt securities may be made with the approval of holders of a majority of the principal amount of such affected debt securities. 
 Guarantee by the Company 
 The Company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment of principal of, and any interest and premium on, the Medium-Term Notes, Series F, which include the Callable Notes, when due and payable, whether at the stated maturity, by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise, in accordance with the terms of the security and the GSFC 2008 Indenture. The guarantee will remain in effect until the entire principal of, and interest and premium, if any, on, the debt securities has been paid in full or discharged in accordance with the provisions of the GSFC 2008 Indenture, or otherwise fully defeased by the Company. 
 The guarantee by the Company of its debt securities issued under the GSFC 2008 Indenture will rank equally in right of payment with all senior indebtedness of the Company. 
 Mergers and Similar Transactions 
 GSFC and the Company are generally permitted to merge or consolidate with another corporation or other entity. GSFC and the Company also permitted to sell their assets substantially as an entirety to another corporation or other entity. With regard to any series of debt securities, however, GSFC or the Company may not take any of these actions unless all the following conditions are met 
 If the successor entity in the transaction is not GSFC or the Company, as the case may be, the successor entity must be organized as a corporation, partnership or trust and must expressly assume the obligations of GSFC or the Company under the debt securities of that series and the GSFC 2008 Indenture with respect to that series. The successor entity may be organized under the laws of any jurisdiction, whether in the United States or elsewhere. 
 Immediately after the transaction, no default under the debt securities of that series or the related guarantees has occurred and is continuing. For this purpose, default under the debt securities of that series or the related guarantees means an event of default or a covenant breach with respect to that series or the related guarantees or any event that would be an event of default with respect to that series or the related guarantees if the requirements for giving GSFC or the Company default notice and for GSFC s or the Company s default having to continue for a specific period of time were disregarded. 
 If the conditions described above are satisfied with respect to debt securities of any series, neither GSFC nor the Company will need to obtain the approval of the holders of those debt securities in order to merge or consolidate or to sell assets of GSFC or the Company. Also, these conditions will apply only if GSFC or the Company wishes to merge or consolidate with another entity or sell assets of GSFC or the Company substantially as an entirety to another entity. Neither GSFC nor the Company will need to satisfy these conditions if GSFC or the Company enters into other types of transactions, including any transaction in which GSFC or the Company acquire the stock or assets of another entity, any transaction that involves a change of control of GSFC or the Company but in which GSFC or the Company does not merge or consolidate and any transaction in which GSFC or the Company sells less than substantially all assets of GSFC or the Company. While GSFC is currently a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, there is no requirement that it remain a subsidiary. 
 -58- 

Also, if GSFC or the Company merges, consolidates or sells assets of GSFC or the Company substantially as an entirety and the successor is a non-U.S. entity, neither GSFC nor any successor would have any obligation to compensate a holder for any resulting adverse tax consequences relating to his or her debt securities. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing and for the avoidance of doubt, GSFC may sell or transfer its assets substantially as an entirety, in one or more transactions, to one or more entities, provided that GSFC s assets and the assets of its direct or indirect subsidiaries in which it owns a majority of the combined voting power, taken together, are not sold or transferred substantially as an entirety to one or more entities that are not majority-owned subsidiaries of the Company, and the Company. may sell or transfer its assets substantially as an entirety in one or more transactions, to one or more entities, provided that the assets of the Company and its direct or indirect subsidiaries in which it owns a majority of the combined voting power, taken together, are not sold or transferred substantially as an entirety to one or more entities that are not such subsidiaries. 
 Restriction on Liens 
 In the GSFC 2008 Indenture, the Company promises, with respect to each series of senior debt securities, not to create, assume, incur or guarantee any debt for borrowed money that is secured by a lien on the voting or profit participating equity ownership interests that the Company or any of its subsidiaries own in Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, or in any subsidiary of the Company that beneficially owns or holds, directly or indirectly, those interests in Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, unless the Company also secures the senior debt securities of that series on an equal or priority basis with the other secured debt. The promise of the Company, however, is subject to an important exception it may secure debt for borrowed money with liens on those interests without securing the senior debt securities of any series if its board of directors determines that the liens do not materially detract from or interfere with the value or control of those interests, as of the date of the determination. 
 Except as noted above, the GSFC 2008 Indenture does not restrict the Company s ability to put liens on its interests in its subsidiaries other than Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, nor does the indenture restrict the Company s ability to sell or otherwise dispose of its interests in any of its subsidiaries, including Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. In addition, the restriction on liens in the GSFC 2008 Indenture applies only to liens that secure debt for borrowed money. For example, liens imposed by operation of law, such as liens to secure statutory obligations for taxes or workers compensation benefits, or liens the Company creates to secure obligations to pay legal judgments or surety bonds, would not be covered by this restriction. 
 Modification of the Debt Indenture and Waiver of Covenants 
 There are four types of changes GSFC and the Company can make to the GSFC 2008 Indenture and the debt securities or series of debt securities and related guarantees issued under the GSFC 2008 Indenture. 
 Changes Requiring Each Holder s Approval 
 First, there are changes that cannot be made without the approval of the holder of each debt security affected by the change under the GSFC 2008 Indenture. Here is a list of those types of changes 
 change the stated maturity for any principal or interest payment on a debt security 
 reduce the principal amount, the amount payable on acceleration of the stated maturity after a default, the interest rate or the redemption price for a debt security 
 permit redemption of a debt security if not previously permitted 
 impair any right a holder may have to require repayment of its debt security 
 change the currency of any payment on a debt security 
 change the place of payment on a debt security 
 impair a holder s right to sue for payment of any amount due on its debt security 
 reduce the percentage in principal amount of the debt securities of any one or more affected series, taken 
 separately or together, as applicable, and whether comprising the same or different series or less than all of the debt securities of a series, the approval of whose holders is needed to change the applicable debt indenture or those debt securities 
 reduce the percentage in principal amount of the debt securities of any one or more affected series, taken separately or together, as applicable, and whether comprising the same or different series or less than all of the debt securities of a series, the consent of whose holders is needed to waive GSFC s compliance with the applicable debt indenture or to waive defaults and 
 change the provisions of the applicable debt indenture dealing with modification and waiver in any other respect, except to increase any required percentage referred to above or to add to 
 -59- 

the provisions that cannot be changed or waived without approval of the holder of each affected debt security. 
 Changes Not Requiring Approval 
 The second type of change does not require any approval by holders of the debt securities affected. These changes are limited to clarifications and changes that would not adversely affect any debt securities of any series in any material respect. Neither GSFC nor the Company needs any approval to make changes that affect only debt securities to be issued under the applicable indenture after the changes take effect. 
 GSFC and the Company may also make changes or obtain waivers that do not adversely affect a particular debt security, even if they affect other debt securities. In those cases, neither GSFC nor the Company needs to obtain the approval of the holder of the unaffected debt security GSFC and the Company need only obtain any required approvals from the holders of the affected debt securities. 
 Changes Requiring Majority Approval 
 Any other change to the GSFC 2008 Indenture and the debt securities issued under such debt indenture would require the following approval 
 If the change affects only particular debt securities within a series, it must be approved by the holders of a majority in principal amount of such particular debt securities. 
 If the change affects multiple debt securities of one or more series, it must be approved by the holders of a majority in principal amount of all debt securities affected by the change, with all such affected debt securities voting together as one class for this purpose (and by the holders of a majority in principal amount of any affected debt securities that by their terms are entitled to vote separately). 
 In each case, the required approval must be given by written consent. 
 This would mean that modification of terms with respect to certain debt securities of a series could be effectuated under the GSFC 2008 Indenture without obtaining the consent of the holders of a majority in principal amount of other securities of such series that are not affected by such modification. 
 The same majority approval would be required for GSFC to obtain a waiver of any of its covenants in the GSFC 2008 Indenture. GSFC s covenants include the promises GSFC and the Company make about merging and, with respect to the Company, putting liens on GSFC s interests in Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. If the holders approve a waiver of a covenant, neither GSFC nor the Company will have to comply with it. The holders, however, cannot approve a waiver of any provision in a particular debt security, or in the GSFC 2008 Indenture as it affects that debt security, that neither GSFC nor the Company can change without the approval of the holder of that debt security as described above in Changes Requiring Each Holder s Approval, unless that holder approves the waiver. 
 Special Rules for Action by Holders 
 When holders take any action under the GSFC 2008 Indenture, such as giving a notice of default, notice of covenant breach, declaring an acceleration, approving any change or waiver or giving the trustee an instruction, GSFC will apply the following rules. 
 Only Outstanding Debt Securities Are Eligible 
 Only holders of outstanding debt securities or the outstanding debt securities of the applicable series, as applicable, will be eligible to participate in any action by holders of such debt securities or the debt securities of that series. Also, GSFC will count only outstanding debt securities in determining whether the various percentage requirements for taking action have been met. For these purposes, a debt security will not be outstanding if 
 it has been surrendered for cancellation 
 GSFC has deposited or set aside, in trust for its holder, money for its payment or redemption 
 GSFC has fully defeased it or 
 -60- 

GSFC or one of its affiliates, such as Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, is the owner. 
 Determining Record Dates for Action by Holders 
 GSFC and the Company will generally be entitled to set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the holders that are entitled to take action under a particular debt indenture. In certain limited circumstances, only the trustee will be entitled to set a record date for action by holders. If GSFC, the Company or the trustee set a record date for an approval or other action to be taken by holders, that vote or action may be taken only by persons or entities who are holders on the record date and must be taken during the period that GSFC specifies for this purpose, or that the trustee specifies if it sets the record date. GSFC, the Company or the trustee, as applicable, may shorten or lengthen this period from time to time. 
 This period, however, may not extend beyond the 180th day after the record date for the action. In addition, record dates for any global debt security may be set in accordance with procedures established by the depositary from time to time. Accordingly, record dates for global debt securities may differ from those for other debt securities. 
 Form of Callable Notes 
 The Callable Notes are issued in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company and represented by a global note. GSFC will not issue definitive notes in exchange for the global note except in limited circumstances. 

-61- 

DESCRIPTION OF MEDIUM-TERM NOTES, SERIES F, CALLABLE FIXED AND FLOATING RATE NOTES DUE MAY 2031 OF GS FINANCE CORP. (FULLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY GUARANTEED BY THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC.) 
 The following is a brief description of the terms of the Callable Fixed and Floating Rate Notes, an issuance of Medium-Term Notes, Series F of GS Finance Corp. GSFC (the Callable Notes ), which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. It does not purport to be complete. This description is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2008, among GSFC, as issuer, the Company, as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 20, 2015, the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 21, 2018 and the Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2020 (collectively, the GSFC 2008 Indenture ), which are exhibits to the Annual Report of which this exhibit is a part. Unless the context otherwise provides, all references to the Company in this description refer only to The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and does not include its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 The GSFC 2008 indenture permits GSFC to issue, from time to time, different series of debt securities and, within each different series of debt securities, different debt securities. The Medium-Term Notes, Series F are a single, distinct series of debt securities. GSFC may, however, issue notes in such amounts, at such times and on such terms as GSFC wishes. The notes of the Medium-Term Notes, Series F may differ from one another, and from other series, in their terms. 
 In this description, references to a series of debt securities mean a series issued under the GSFC 2008 Indenture, such as the notes issued under GSFC s Medium-Term Notes, Series F program. 
 Terms of the Callable Notes 
 The Callable Notes were originally issued on May 28, 2021 and have a stated maturity date of May 28, 2031 (the stated maturity date ). As noted above, the Callable Notes are part of a series of debt securities, entitled Medium-Term Notes, Series F, that GSFC may issue under the GSFC 2008 Indenture from time to time. The Callable Notes are listed on the New York Stock Exchange Bonds Market under the ticker symbol GS 31X. 
 The payment of principal of, and any interest and premium on, the Callable Notes is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. The guarantee will remain in effect until the entire principal of, and interest and premium, if any, on, the Callable Notes has been paid in full or discharged in accordance with the provisions of the GSFC 2008 Indenture, or otherwise fully defeased by GSFC or by the Company. The guarantee of senior debt securities of GSFC, such as the Callable Notes, will rank equally in right of payment to all senior indebtedness of the Company. 
 Payment of Principal on Stated Maturity Date 
 GSFC will pay holders of Callable Notes that have not been redeemed by the stated maturity date an amount in cash equal to the outstanding face amount of such holders Callable Notes. The stated maturity date of the Callable Notes is May 28, 2031, subject to GSFC s early redemption right. If the stated maturity date falls on a day that is not a business day, payment of principal otherwise due on such day will be made on the next succeeding business day, and no interest on such payment shall accrue for the period from and after the stated maturity date. 
 Interest Payments 
 For each fixed rate interest period, the fixed interest rate on the Callable Notes will equal 4.25 per annum. For each floating rate interest period, the floating interest rate on the Callable Notes will be based upon the CMS spread on the relevant interest determination date for such floating rate interest period and will be a rate per annum equal to 
 if (i) the CMS spread times (ii) 3.25 is greater than or equal to the maximum interest rate, the maximum interest rate 
 
 if (i) the CMS spread times (ii) 3.25 is less than the maximum interest rate but greater than the minimum interest rate, (i) the CMS spread times (ii) 3.25 or 
 
 -62- 

if (i) the CMS spread times (ii) 3.25 is equal to or less than the minimum interest rate, the minimum interest rate. 
 
 The maximum interest rate on the Callable Notes is 8 per annum. Based on the formula used to calculate the floating interest rate on the Callable Notes, holders will not benefit from any increases in the CMS spread above approximately 2.46 . The minimum interest rate on the Callable Notes is 1 per annum. 
 The term fixed rate interest periods means the periods from and including a fixed rate interest payment date (or the original issue date, in the case of the first fixed rate interest period) to but excluding the next succeeding fixed rate interest payment date, where the term fixed rate interest payment dates means February 28, May 28, August 28 and November 28 of each year, commencing on August 28, 2021 and ending on May 28, 2023, subject to adjustments as described below. 
 The term floating rate interest periods means the periods from and including a floating rate interest payment date (or the final fixed rate interest payment date, in the case of the first floating rate interest period) to but excluding the next succeeding floating rate interest payment date (or the stated maturity date, in the case of the final floating rate interest period), where the term floating rate interest payment dates February 28, May 28, August 28, and November 28 of each year, beginning on May 28, 2023 and ending on the stated maturity date, subject to adjustments as described below. 
 The term interest determination dates means, for each floating rate interest period, the second U.S. government securities business day preceding such floating rate interest period. 
 The term CMS spread means, on any interest determination date, the 30-year CMS rate minus the 5-year CMS rate, as described under CMS Rate below. 
 The calculation agent will calculate the amount of interest payable on each fixed rate interest payment date and floating rate interest payment date (each, an interest payment date for the applicable fixed rate interest period and floating rate interest period (each, an interest period in the following manner. For each 1,000 face amount of the Callable Notes and for each interest period, the calculation agent will calculate the amount of interest to be paid by calculating the product of (i) the 1,000 face amount times (ii) the applicable fixed interest rate or floating interest rate times (iii) the applicable day count convention on a 30 360 (ISDA) basis. 
 Interest will be paid on the Callable Notes on each quarterly interest payment date. If an interest payment date (other than the interest payment date that falls on the stated maturity date) falls on a day that is not a business day, the payment due on such interest payment date will be postponed to the next day that is a business day provided that interest due with respect to such interest payment date shall not accrue from and including such interest payment date to and including the date of payment of such interest as so postponed. If the stated maturity date falls on a day that is not a business day, payment of interest otherwise due on such day will be made on the next succeeding business day, and no interest on such payment shall accrue for the period from and after the stated maturity date. 
 CMS Rate 
 References to the 30-year CMS rate or the 5-year CMS rate on an interest determination date mean the rate appearing on the Refinitiv page ICESWAP1 for 30-year or 5-year index maturity, as the case may be, as of approximately 11 00 A.M., New York City time, on such interest determination date. If a CMS rate cannot be determined in this manner on the relevant interest determination date, the following procedures will apply to the Callable Notes. 
 If the calculation agent determines on an interest determination date that a CMS rate has been discontinued, then the calculation agent will use a substitute or successor rate that it has determined in its sole discretion is most comparable to the applicable CMS rate, provided that if the calculation agent determines there is an industry-accepted successor rate, then the calculation agent shall use such successor rate. If the calculation agent has determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing, the calculation agent in its sole discretion may determine the business day convention, the applicable business days and the interest determination dates to be used, and any other relevant methodology for calculating such substitute or successor rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such substitute or successor rate comparable to the applicable CMS rate, in a manner that is consistent with any industry-accepted practices for such substitute or successor rate. 
 Unless the calculation agent uses a substitute or successor rate as so provided, if the CMS rate cannot be determined in the manner described above, the applicable CMS rate for that interest determination date will be 
 -63- 

determined by the calculation agent, after consulting such sources as it deems comparable to the foregoing display page, or any other source it deems reasonable, in its sole discretion. 
 
 The applicable CMS rate will be subject to the corrections, if any, published on the Refinitiv page ICESWAP1 within one hour of the time that rate was first displayed on such source. 
 The term Refinitiv page ICESWAP1 means the display on the Refinitiv Eikon service, or any successor or replacement service, on the page ICESWAP1, or any successor or replacement page on that service. 
 Manner of Payment 
 Any payment on the Callable Notes at maturity or upon redemption will be made to an account designated by the holder of such Callable Notes and approved by GSFC, or at the office of the trustee in New York City, but only when such Callable Notes are surrendered to the trustee at that office. GSFC may pay interest on any interest payment date by check mailed to the person who is the holder on the regular record date. GSCF also may make any payment in accordance with the applicable procedures of the depositary. 
 Modified Business Day 
 Any payment on the Callable Notes that would otherwise be due on a day that is not a business day may instead be paid on the next day that is a business day, with the same effect as if paid on the original due date. For the Callable Notes, however, the term business day may have a different meaning than it does for other Series F medium-term notes, as described under Special Calculation Provisions below. 
 Role of Calculation Agent 
 The calculation agent in its sole discretion will make all determinations regarding the CMS spread, the 30-year CMS rate, the 5-year CMS rate, the interest determination dates, the regular record dates, the interest payable on each interest payment date, U.S. government securities business days, business days, postponement of the stated maturity date and the amount payable on the Callable Notes at maturity or redemption, as applicable. Absent manifest error, all determinations of the calculation agent will be final and binding on holders of the Callable Notes and GSFC, without any liability on the part of the calculation agent. 
 Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC GS&Co. ), an affiliate of GSFC, is currently serving as the calculation agent as of the date of this description. GSFC may change the calculation agent for the Callable Notes at any time after the date of this prospectus supplement without notice and GS&Co. may resign as calculation agent at any time upon 60 days written notice to GSFC. 
 Early Redemption Right 
 GSFC may redeem the Callable Notes, at GSFC s option, in whole but not in part, on the interest payment date falling on May 28, 2022 and on each interest payment date occurring thereafter, for an amount equal to 100 of the face amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 If GSFC chooses to exercise its early redemption right, it will notify the holder of the Callable Notes and the trustee by giving at least five business days prior notice. The day GSFC gives the notice, which will be a business day, will be the redemption notice date and the immediately following interest payment date, which GSFC will state in the redemption notice, will be the redemption date. GSFC will not give a redemption notice that results in a redemption date later than the stated maturity date. 
 If GSFC gives the holder a redemption notice, GSFC will redeem the entire outstanding face amount of such holder s Callable Notes. On the redemption date, GSFC will pay to the holder of record on the business day immediately preceding the redemption date, the redemption price in cash, together with any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date, in the manner described under Manner of Payment above. 
 Special Calculation Provisions 
 The term business day with respect to the Callable Notes means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday that is not a day on which banking institutions in New York City generally are authorized or obligated by law, regulation or executive order to close. 
 -64- 

References to a U.S. government securities business day with respect to the Callable Notes mean any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income department of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
 
 Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance 
 The provisions for full defeasance and covenant defeasance in the GSFC 2008 Indenture do not apply to the Callable Notes. 
 Default, Remedies and Waiver of Default 
 A holder will have special rights if an event of default with respect to his or her series of debt securities occurs and is continuing, as described in this subsection. 
 Events of Default 
 References to an event of default with respect to any series of debt securities mean any of the following 
 GSFC or the Company does not pay the principal or any premium on any debt security of that series within 30 days after the due date 
 
 GSFC or the Company does not pay interest on any debt security of that series within 30 days after the due date or 
 
 GSFC files for bankruptcy or other events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization relating to GSFC occur. Those events must arise under U.S. federal or state law, unless GSFC merges, consolidates or sells its assets as described above and the successor firm is a non-U.S. entity. If that happens, then those events must arise under U.S. federal or state law or the law of the jurisdiction in which the successor firm is legally organized. 
 As described below under Remedies If an Event of Default Occurs, under the GSFC 2008 Indenture, events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization relating to the Company will not cause any of GSFC s debt securities issued under such indenture to be automatically accelerated. In the event that the Company becomes subject to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization (but GSFC does not), any series of debt securities issued under the GSFC 2008 Indenture will not be immediately due and repayable. In addition, under the GSFC 2008 Indenture, a breach of a covenant or warranty by the Company (including, for example, a breach of the Company s covenants and warranties with respect to mergers and similar transactions or restrictions on liens) will not have the potential to cause any of GSFC s debt securities issued under the GSFC 2008 Indenture to be declared due and payable immediately. Instead, under the GSFC 2008 Indenture, the trustee or holder will need to wait until the earlier of the time that (i) GSFC itself becomes subject to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or otherwise defaults on the terms of the debt securities, (ii) the Company otherwise defaults on the terms of the debt securities and (iii) the final maturity of the debt securities. The return the holder receives on any series of debt securities issued under the GSFC 2008 Indenture may be significantly less than what a holder would have otherwise received had the debt securities been automatically accelerated upon certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization relating to the Company or declared due and payable immediately following the breach of a covenant or warranty by the Company. 
 Covenant Breaches 
 References to a covenant breach with respect to any series of debt securities mean any of the following 
 GSFC or the Company does not deposit a required sinking fund payment with regard to any debt security of that series on the due date 
 GSFC remains in breach of any other covenant it makes in the GSFC 2008 Indenture for the benefit of the relevant series for 60 days after GSFC and the Company receive a notice of default stating that GSFC is in breach and requiring GSFC to remedy the breach. The notice must be sent by the trustee or the holders of at least 10 in principal amount of the relevant series of debt securities then outstanding 
 Except as provided by the GSFC 2008 Indenture, the debt security of that series and the related guarantee, the guarantee ceases to be effective, or a court finds the guarantee to be unenforceable or invalid, or the Company denies its obligations as the guarantor. 
 -65- 

A covenant breach shall not be an event of default with respect to any security. 
 Remedies If an Event of Default or Covenant Breach Occurs 
 If an event of default has occurred with respect to any series of debt securities and has not been cured or waived, the trustee or the holders of not less than 25 in principal amount of all debt securities of that series then outstanding may declare the entire principal amount of the debt securities of that series to be due immediately. If the event of default occurs because of events in bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization relating to GSFC, the entire principal amount of the debt securities of that series will be automatically accelerated, without any action by the trustee or any holder. 
 Each of the situations described above is called an acceleration of the stated maturity of the affected series of debt securities. If the stated maturity of any series is accelerated and a judgment for payment has not yet been obtained, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the debt securities of that series may cancel the acceleration for the entire series. 
 If an event of default or a covenant breach occurs, the trustee will have special duties. In that situation, the trustee will be obligated to use those of its rights and powers under the GSFC 2008 Indenture, and to use the same degree of care and skill in doing so, that a prudent person would use in that situation in conducting his or her own affairs. 
 Except as described in the prior paragraph, the trustee is not required to take any action under the GSFC 2008 Indenture at the request of any holders unless the holders offer the trustee reasonable protection from expenses and liability i.e ., an indemnity). If the trustee is provided with an indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it, the holders of a majority in principal amount of all debt securities of the relevant series may direct the time, method and place of conducting any lawsuit or other formal legal action seeking any remedy available to the trustee with respect to that series. These majority holders may also direct the trustee in performing any other action under the GSFC 2008 Indenture with respect to the debt securities of that series. 
 Before a holder bypasses the trustee and bring its own lawsuit or other formal legal action or take other steps to enforce its rights or protect its interests relating to any debt security, all of the following must occur 
 The holder must give the trustee written notice that an event of default or a covenant breach has occurred, and the event of default or covenant breach must not have been cured or waived 
 
 The holders of not less than 25 in principal amount of all debt securities of a holder s series must make a written request that the trustee take action because of the default, and they or other holders must offer to the trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the trustee against the cost and other liabilities of taking that action 
 
 The trustee must not have taken action for 60 days after the above steps have been taken and 
 
 During those 60 days, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the debt securities of a holder s series must not have given the trustee directions that are inconsistent with the written request of the holders of not less than 25 in principal amount of the debt securities of a holder s series. 
 A holder is entitled at any time, however, to bring a lawsuit for the payment of money due on his or her debt security on or after its stated maturity (or, if the debt security is redeemable, on or after its redemption date). 
 Waiver of Default 
 The holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the debt securities of any series may waive a default for all debt securities of that series. If this happens, the default will be treated as if it has not occurred. No one can waive a payment default on a holder s debt security, however, without the approval of the particular holder of that debt security. 
 
 GSFC and the Company Will Give the Trustee Information About Defaults Annually 
 GSFC and the Company will furnish to the trustee every year a written statement, respectively, of two of their officers certifying that to their knowledge GSFC or the Company, as the case may be, is in compliance with the GSFC 2008 Indenture and the debt securities issued under it, or else specifying any default under the relevant debt indenture. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term default means any event which is, or after notice or lapse of time or both would become, an event of default or covenant breach. 
 -66- 

Default Amount on Acceleration 
 If an event of default occurs and the maturity of the Callable Notes is accelerated, GSFC will pay the default amount in respect of the principal of the Callable Notes at the maturity, instead of the amount payable on the Callable Notes as described earlier. 
 For the purpose of determining whether the holders of GSFC s Medium-Term Notes Series F, which include the Callable Notes, are entitled to take any action under the GSFC 2008 Indenture, GSFC will treat the outstanding face amount of each Callable Note as the outstanding principal amount of that note. Although the terms of the Callable Notes differ from those of the other Medium-Term Notes Series F, holders of specified percentages in principal amount of all Medium-Term Notes Series F, together in some cases with other series of GSFC s debt securities, will be able to take action affecting all the Medium-Term Notes Series F, including the Callable Notes, except with respect to certain Medium-Term Notes Series F, if the terms of such notes specify that the holders of specified percentages in the principal amount of all such notes must also consent to such action. This action may involve changing some of the terms that apply to the Medium-Term Notes Series F, accelerating the maturity of the Medium-Term Notes Series F, after a default or waiving some of GSFC s obligations under the GSFC 2008 Indenture. In addition, certain changes to the GSFC 2008 Indenture and the Callable Notes that only affect certain debt securities may be made with the approval of holders of a majority of the principal amount of such affected debt securities. 
 Guarantee by the Company 
 The Company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment of principal of, and any interest and premium on, the Medium-Term Notes, Series F, which include the Callable Notes, when due and payable, whether at the stated maturity, by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise, in accordance with the terms of the security and the GSFC 2008 Indenture. The guarantee will remain in effect until the entire principal of, and interest and premium, if any, on, the debt securities has been paid in full or discharged in accordance with the provisions of the GSFC 2008 Indenture, or otherwise fully defeased by the Company. 
 The guarantee by the Company of its debt securities issued under the GSFC 2008 Indenture will rank equally in right of payment with all senior indebtedness of the Company. 
 Mergers and Similar Transactions 
 GSFC and the Company are generally permitted to merge or consolidate with another corporation or other entity. GSFC and the Company also permitted to sell their assets substantially as an entirety to another corporation or other entity. With regard to any series of debt securities, however, GSFC or the Company may not take any of these actions unless all the following conditions are met 
 If the successor entity in the transaction is not GSFC or the Company, as the case may be, the successor entity must be organized as a corporation, partnership or trust and must expressly assume the obligations of GSFC or the Company under the debt securities of that series and the GSFC 2008 Indenture with respect to that series. The successor entity may be organized under the laws of any jurisdiction, whether in the United States or elsewhere. 
 
 Immediately after the transaction, no default under the debt securities of that series or the related guarantees has occurred and is continuing. For this purpose, default under the debt securities of that series or the related guarantees means an event of default or a covenant breach with respect to that series or the related guarantees or any event that would be an event of default with respect to that series or the related guarantees if the requirements for giving GSFC or the Company default notice and for GSFC s or the Company s default having to continue for a specific period of time were disregarded. 
 
 If the conditions described above are satisfied with respect to debt securities of any series, neither GSFC nor the Company will need to obtain the approval of the holders of those debt securities in order to merge or consolidate or to sell assets of GSFC or the Company. Also, these conditions will apply only if GSFC or the Company wishes to merge or consolidate with another entity or sell assets of GSFC or the Company substantially as an entirety to another entity. Neither GSFC nor the Company will need to satisfy these conditions if GSFC or the Company enters into other types of transactions, including any transaction in which 
 -67- 

GSFC or the Company acquire the stock or assets of another entity, any transaction that involves a change of control of GSFC or the Company but in which GSFC or the Company does not merge or consolidate and any transaction in which GSFC or the Company sells less than substantially all assets of GSFC or the Company. While GSFC is currently a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, there is no requirement that it remain a subsidiary. 
 Also, if GSFC or the Company merges, consolidates or sells assets of GSFC or the Company substantially as an entirety and the successor is a non-U.S. entity, neither GSFC nor any successor would have any obligation to compensate a holder for any resulting adverse tax consequences relating to his or her debt securities. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing and for the avoidance of doubt, GSFC may sell or transfer its assets substantially as an entirety, in one or more transactions, to one or more entities, provided that GSFC s assets and the assets of its direct or indirect subsidiaries in which it owns a majority of the combined voting power, taken together, are not sold or transferred substantially as an entirety to one or more entities that are not majority-owned subsidiaries of the Company, and the Company. may sell or transfer its assets substantially as an entirety in one or more transactions, to one or more entities, provided that the assets of the Company and its direct or indirect subsidiaries in which it owns a majority of the combined voting power, taken together, are not sold or transferred substantially as an entirety to one or more entities that are not such subsidiaries. 
 Restriction on Liens 
 In the GSFC 2008 Indenture, the Company promises, with respect to each series of senior debt securities, not to create, assume, incur or guarantee any debt for borrowed money that is secured by a lien on the voting or profit participating equity ownership interests that the Company or any of its subsidiaries own in Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, or in any subsidiary of the Company that beneficially owns or holds, directly or indirectly, those interests in Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, unless the Company also secures the senior debt securities of that series on an equal or priority basis with the other secured debt. The promise of the Company, however, is subject to an important exception it may secure debt for borrowed money with liens on those interests without securing the senior debt securities of any series if its board of directors determines that the liens do not materially detract from or interfere with the value or control of those interests, as of the date of the determination. 
 Except as noted above, the GSFC 2008 Indenture does not restrict the Company s ability to put liens on its interests in its subsidiaries other than Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, nor does the indenture restrict the Company s ability to sell or otherwise dispose of its interests in any of its subsidiaries, including Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. In addition, the restriction on liens in the GSFC 2008 Indenture applies only to liens that secure debt for borrowed money. For example, liens imposed by operation of law, such as liens to secure statutory obligations for taxes or workers compensation benefits, or liens the Company creates to secure obligations to pay legal judgments or surety bonds, would not be covered by this restriction. 
 Modification of the Debt Indenture and Waiver of Covenants 
 There are four types of changes GSFC and the Company can make to the GSFC 2008 Indenture and the debt securities or series of debt securities and related guarantees issued under the GSFC 2008 Indenture. 
 Changes Requiring Each Holder s Approval 
 First, there are changes that cannot be made without the approval of the holder of each debt security affected by the change under the GSFC 2008 Indenture. Here is a list of those types of changes 
 change the stated maturity for any principal or interest payment on a debt security 
 reduce the principal amount, the amount payable on acceleration of the stated maturity after a default, the interest rate or the redemption price for a debt security 
 permit redemption of a debt security if not previously permitted 
 impair any right a holder may have to require repayment of its debt security 
 change the currency of any payment on a debt security 
 change the place of payment on a debt security 
 impair a holder s right to sue for payment of any amount due on its debt security 
 reduce the percentage in principal amount of the debt securities of any one or more affected series, taken 
 separately or together, as applicable, and whether comprising the same or different series or less than all of the debt securities of a series, the approval of whose holders is needed to change the applicable debt indenture or those debt securities 
 reduce the percentage in principal amount of the debt securities of any one or more affected series, taken separately or together, as applicable, and whether comprising the same or different series or 
 -68- 

less than all of the debt securities of a series, the consent of whose holders is needed to waive GSFC s compliance with the applicable debt indenture or to waive defaults and 
 change the provisions of the applicable debt indenture dealing with modification and waiver in any other respect, except to increase any required percentage referred to above or to add to the provisions that cannot be changed or waived without approval of the holder of each affected debt security. 
 Changes Not Requiring Approval 
 The second type of change does not require any approval by holders of the debt securities affected. These changes are limited to clarifications and changes that would not adversely affect any debt securities of any series in any material respect. Neither GSFC nor the Company needs any approval to make changes that affect only debt securities to be issued under the applicable indenture after the changes take effect. 
 GSFC and the Company may also make changes or obtain waivers that do not adversely affect a particular debt security, even if they affect other debt securities. In those cases, neither GSFC nor the Company needs to obtain the approval of the holder of the unaffected debt security GSFC and the Company need only obtain any required approvals from the holders of the affected debt securities. 
 Changes Requiring Majority Approval 
 Any other change to the GSFC 2008 Indenture and the debt securities issued under such debt indenture would require the following approval 
 If the change affects only particular debt securities within a series, it must be approved by the holders of a majority in principal amount of such particular debt securities. 
 
 If the change affects multiple debt securities of one or more series, it must be approved by the holders of a majority in principal amount of all debt securities affected by the change, with all such affected debt securities voting together as one class for this purpose (and by the holders of a majority in principal amount of any affected debt securities that by their terms are entitled to vote separately). 
 In each case, the required approval must be given by written consent. 
 This would mean that modification of terms with respect to certain debt securities of a series could be effectuated under the GSFC 2008 Indenture without obtaining the consent of the holders of a majority in principal amount of other securities of such series that are not affected by such modification. 
 
 The same majority approval would be required for GSFC to obtain a waiver of any of its covenants in the GSFC 2008 Indenture. GSFC s covenants include the promises GSFC and the Company make about merging and, with respect to the Company, putting liens on GSFC s interests in Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. If the holders approve a waiver of a covenant, neither GSFC nor the Company will have to comply with it. The holders, however, cannot approve a waiver of any provision in a particular debt security, or in the GSFC 2008 Indenture as it affects that debt security, that neither GSFC nor the Company can change without the approval of the holder of that debt security as described above in Changes Requiring Each Holder s Approval, unless that holder approves the waiver. 
 Special Rules for Action by Holders 
 When holders take any action under the GSFC 2008 Indenture, such as giving a notice of default, notice of covenant breach, declaring an acceleration, approving any change or waiver or giving the trustee an instruction, GSFC will apply the following rules. 
 Only Outstanding Debt Securities Are Eligible 
 Only holders of outstanding debt securities or the outstanding debt securities of the applicable series, as applicable, will be eligible to participate in any action by holders of such debt securities or the debt securities of that series. Also, GSFC will count only outstanding debt securities in determining whether the various percentage requirements for taking action have been met. For these purposes, a debt security will not be outstanding if 
 it has been surrendered for cancellation 
 
 -69- 

GSFC has deposited or set aside, in trust for its holder, money for its payment or redemption 
 
 GSFC has fully defeased it or 
 
 GSFC or one of its affiliates, such as Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, is the owner. 
 Determining Record Dates for Action by Holders 
 GSFC and the Company will generally be entitled to set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the holders that are entitled to take action under a particular debt indenture. In certain limited circumstances, only the trustee will be entitled to set a record date for action by holders. If GSFC, the Company or the trustee set a record date for an approval or other action to be taken by holders, that vote or action may be taken only by persons or entities who are holders on the record date and must be taken during the period that GSFC specifies for this purpose, or that the trustee specifies if it sets the record date. GSFC, the Company or the trustee, as applicable, may shorten or lengthen this period from time to time. 
 This period, however, may not extend beyond the 180th day after the record date for the action. In addition, record dates for any global debt security may be set in accordance with procedures established by the depositary from time to time. Accordingly, record dates for global debt securities may differ from those for other debt securities. 
 Form of Callable Notes 
 The Callable Notes are issued in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company and represented by a global note. GSFC will not issue definitive notes in exchange for the global note except in limited circumstances. 

-70- 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.31>
 3
 a1031_formxofxnon-employee.htm
 EX-10.31

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.31 

The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Outside Director _____ RSU Award 
 This Award Agreement, together with The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (2021) (the Plan ), governs your _____ award of RSUs (your Award that will be granted to you as set forth on your Award Statement . You should read carefully this entire Award Agreement, which includes the Award Statement and any attached Appendix. 
 Documents that Govern Your Award Definitions 
 1. The Plan . Your Award is granted under the Plan, and the Plan s terms apply to, and are a part of, this Award Agreement. 
 2. Your Award Statement . The Award Statement delivered to you contains some of your Award s specific terms. For example, it contains the Date s of Grant, the calculation that will be used to determine the number of RSUs that will be awarded to you on any such Date of Grant and the Delivery Date. 
 3. Definitions . Unless otherwise defined herein, including in the Definitions Appendix or any other Appendix, capitalized terms have the meanings provided in the Plan. 
 Delivery of Your RSU Shares 
 4. Delivery . RSU Shares (less applicable withholding) will be delivered in respect of your Outstanding RSUs reasonably promptly (but no more than 30 Business Days) after the Delivery Date listed on your Award Statement. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, delivery of the RSU Shares will be effected by book-entry credit to your Account and no delivery of RSU Shares will be made unless you have timely established your Account. Until such delivery, you have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor, and no rights as a shareholder of GS Inc. 
 Dividend Equivalent Rights 
 5. Dividend Equivalent Rights . Each RSU includes a Dividend Equivalent Right, which entitles you to receive an amount (less applicable withholding), at or after the time of distribution of any regular cash dividend paid by GS Inc. in respect of a share of Common Stock, equal to any regular cash dividend payment that would have been made in respect of an RSU Share underlying your Outstanding RSUs for any record date that occurs on or after the Date of Grant. 
 Accelerated Delivery 
 6. Accelerated Delivery in the Event of Conflicted Employment or Death . In the event of your Conflicted Employment or death, your Outstanding Award will be treated as described in this Paragraph 6, and all other terms of this Award Agreement continue to apply. 
 (a) You Are Determined to Have Accepted Conflicted Employment . 
 (i) Generally . Unless prohibited by applicable law or regulation, if you accept Conflicted Employment, as soon as practicable after the Committee has received satisfactory documentation relating to your Conflicted Employment, RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of your Outstanding RSUs (including in the form of cash as described in Paragraph 7(b)). 
 (ii) You May Have to Take Other Steps to Address Conflicts of Interest . The Committee retains the authority to exercise its rights under the Award Agreement or the Plan (including Section 1.3.2 of the Plan) to take or require you to take other steps it determines in its sole discretion to be necessary or appropriate to cure an actual or perceived conflict of interest (which may include a determination that the accelerated delivery described in Paragraph 6(a)(i) 

will not apply because such actions are not necessary or appropriate to cure an actual or perceived conflict of interest). 
 (b) Death . If you die, the RSU Shares underlying your Outstanding RSUs (and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any applicable award agreement, any previously granted Outstanding RSUs) will be delivered to your Account as soon as practicable after the date of death and after such documentation as may be requested by the Committee is provided to the Committee. 
 Other Terms, Conditions and Agreements 
 7. Additional Terms, Conditions and Agreements . 
 (a) You Must Satisfy Applicable Tax Withholding Requirements . Delivery of RSU Shares is conditioned on your satisfaction of any applicable withholding taxes in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Plan, provided that the Committee may determine not to apply the withholding rate described in Section 3.2.2 of the Plan. 
 (b) Firm May Deliver Cash or Other Property Instead of RSU Shares . In accordance with Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, in the sole discretion of the Committee, in lieu of all or any portion of the RSU Shares, the Firm may deliver cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property, and all references in this Award Agreement to deliveries of RSU Shares will include such deliveries of cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property. 
 (c) Firm May Affix Legends and Place Stop Orders on RSU Shares . GS Inc. may affix to Certificates representing RSU Shares any legend that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable. GS Inc. may advise the transfer agent to place a stop order against any legended RSU Shares. 
 (d) You Agree to Certain Consents . By accepting this Award, you have expressly consented to all of the items listed in Section 3.3.3(d) of the Plan, including the Firm s supplying to any third-party recordkeeper of the Plan or other person such personal information of yours as the Committee deems advisable to administer the Plan, and you agree to provide any additional consents that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable. 
 Non-Transferability 
 8. Non-transferability . Except as otherwise may be provided in this Paragraph 8 or as otherwise may be provided by the Committee, the limitations on transferability set forth in Section 3.5 of the Plan will apply to this Award. Any purported transfer or assignment in violation of the provisions of this Paragraph 8 or Section 3.5 of the Plan will be void. The Committee may adopt procedures pursuant to which you may transfer some or all of your RSUs through a gift for no consideration to any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, any person sharing the recipient s household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which these persons have more than 50 of the beneficial interest, and any other entity in which these persons (or the recipient) own more than 50 of the voting interests. 
 Governing Law 
 9. Governing Law . This Award will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. 
 Certain Tax Provisions 
 - 2 - 

10. Compliance of Award Agreement and Plan with Section 409A . The provisions of this Paragraph 10 apply to you only if you are a U.S. taxpayer. 
 (a) This Award Agreement and the Plan provisions that apply to this Award are intended and will be construed to comply with Section 409A (including the requirements applicable to, or the conditions for exemption from treatment as, 409A Deferred Compensation), whether by reason of short-term deferral treatment or other exceptions or provisions. The Committee will have full authority to give effect to this intent. To the extent necessary to give effect to this intent, in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between the provisions of the Plan (including Sections 1.3.2 and 2.1 thereof) and this Award Agreement, the provisions of this Award Agreement will govern, and in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between this Paragraph 10 and the other provisions of this Award Agreement, this Paragraph 10 will govern. 
 (b) Delivery of RSU Shares will not be delayed beyond the date on which all applicable conditions or restrictions on delivery of RSU Shares required by this Agreement (including those specified in Paragraphs 4, 6(b) and 7 and the consents and other items specified in Section 3.3 of the Plan) are satisfied, and will occur by December 31 of the calendar year in which the Delivery Date occurs unless, in order to permit such conditions or restrictions to be satisfied, the Committee elects, pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted in accordance with Section 409A, to delay delivery of RSU Shares to a later date as may be permitted under Section 409A, including Reg. 1.409A-3(d). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Award includes a series of installment payments as described in Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii), your right to the series of installment payments will be treated as a right to a series of separate payments and not as a right to a single payment. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 7(b) and Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, any securities, other Awards or other property that the Firm may deliver in respect of your RSUs will not have the effect of deferring delivery or payment, income inclusion, or a substantial risk of forfeiture, beyond the date on which such delivery, payment or inclusion would occur or such risk of forfeiture would lapse, with respect to the RSU Shares that would otherwise have been deliverable (unless the Committee elects a later date for this purpose pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted under Section 409A, including and to the extent applicable, the subsequent election provisions of Section 409A(a)(4)(C) of the Code and Reg. 1.409A-2(b)). 
 (d) Notwithstanding the timing provisions of Paragraph 6(b), the delivery of RSU Shares referred to therein will be made after the date of death and during the calendar year that includes the date of death (or on such later date as may be permitted under Section 409A). 
 (e) Notwithstanding any provision of Paragraph 5 or Section 2.8.2 of the Plan to the contrary, the Dividend Equivalent Rights with respect to each of your Outstanding RSUs will be paid to you within the calendar year that includes the date of distribution of any corresponding regular cash dividends paid by GS Inc. in respect of a share of Common Stock the record date for which occurs on or after the Date of Grant. The payment will be in an amount (less applicable withholding) equal to such regular dividend payment as would have been made in respect of the RSU Shares underlying such Outstanding RSUs. 
 (f) The timing of delivery or payment referred to in Paragraph 6(a)(i) will be the earlier of (i) the Delivery Date or (ii) within the calendar year in which the Committee receives satisfactory documentation relating to your Conflicted Employment, provided that such delivery or payment will be made, and any Committee action referred to in Paragraph 6(a)(i) will be taken, only at such time as, and if and to the extent that it, as reasonably determined by the Firm, would not result in the imposition of any additional tax to you under Section 409A. 
 (g) Section 3.4 of the Plan will not apply to Awards that are 409A Deferred Compensation except to the extent permitted under Section 409A. 
 - 3 - 

(h) Delivery of RSU Shares in respect of this Award may be made, if and to the extent elected by the Committee, later than the Delivery Date or other date or period specified hereinabove (but, in the case of any Award that constitutes 409A Deferred Compensation, only to the extent that the later delivery is permitted under Section 409A). 
 (i) You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties due pursuant to Section 409A, but in no event will you be permitted to designate, directly or indirectly, the taxable year of the delivery. 
 Amendment, Construction and Regulatory Reporting 
 11. Amendment . The Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms of this Award Agreement, and the Board may amend the Plan in any respect provided , that, notwithstanding the foregoing and Sections 1.3.2(f), 1.3.2(h) and 3.1 of the Plan, no such amendment will materially adversely affect your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement without your consent and provided further , that the Committee expressly reserves the right to accelerate the delivery of the RSU Shares and in its discretion to provide that such Shares may not be transferable until the Delivery Date. A modification that impacts the tax consequences of this Award or the timing of delivery of RSU Shares will not be an amendment that materially adversely affects your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement. Any amendment of this Award Agreement will be in writing. 
 12. Construction, Headings . Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) words describing the singular number include the plural and vice versa, (b) words denoting any gender include all genders and (c) the words include, includes and including will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The headings in this Award Agreement are for the purpose of convenience only and are not intended to define or limit the construction of the provisions hereof. References in this Award Agreement to any specific Plan provision will not be construed as limiting the applicability of any other Plan provision. 
 13. Providing Information to the Appropriate Authorities . In accordance with applicable law, nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan prevents you from providing information you reasonably believe to be true to the appropriate governmental authority, including a regulatory, judicial, administrative, or other governmental entity reporting possible violations of law or regulation making other disclosures that are protected under any applicable law or regulation or filing a charge or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by a governmental authority. For the avoidance of doubt, governmental authority includes federal, state and local government agencies such as the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and any state or local human rights agency e.g. , the New York State Division of Human Rights, the New York City Commission on Human Rights, the California Civil Rights Department), as well as law enforcement e.g. , the state Attorney General). Similarly, nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan prohibits you from speaking with your own attorney regarding your own legal rights or obligations. 
 
 - 4 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , GS Inc. has caused this Award Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the applicable Date of Grant for each Award granted hereunder . 
 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. 

Accepted and Agreed 

By ____________________________ 
 Print Name 

- 5 - 

Definitions Appendix 
 
 The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the following meanings 
 (a) 409A Deferred Compensation means a deferral of compensation or deferred compensation as those terms are defined in the regulations under Section 409A. 
 The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the meanings that are assigned to them in the Plan. 
 (a) Account means any brokerage account, custody account or similar account, as approved or required by GS Inc. from time to time, into which shares of Common Stock, cash or other property in respect of an Award are delivered. 
 (b) Award Agreement means the written document or documents by which each Award is evidenced, including any related Award Statement and signature card. 
 (c) Award Statement means a written statement that reflects certain Award terms. 
 (d) Board means the Board of Directors of GS Inc. 
 (e) Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or obligated by Federal law or executive order to be closed. 
 (f) Certificate means a stock certificate (or other appropriate document or evidence of ownership) representing shares of Common Stock. 
 (g) Committee means the committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan pursuant to Section 1.3, and, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for the compensation realized from Awards under the Plan to be considered performance based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is an outside director within the meaning of Code Section 162(m), and which, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for Awards under the Plan to qualify for the exemption available under Rule 16b-3(d)(1) or Rule 16b-3(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Committee shall be the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 (h) Common Stock means common stock of GS Inc., par value 0.01 per share. 
 (i) Conflicted Employment means the Grantee s employment at any U.S. Federal, state or local government, any non-U.S. government, any supranational or international organization, any self-regulatory organization, or any agency or instrumentality of any such government or organization, or any other employer determined by the Committee, if, as a result of such employment, the Grantee s continued holding of any Outstanding Award or Shares at Risk would result in an actual or perceived conflict of interest. 
 (j) Date of Grant means the date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as the date of grant of the Award. 
 (k) Delivery Date means each date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as a delivery date, provided, unless the Committee determines otherwise, such date is during a Window Period or, if such date is not during a Window Period, the first trading day of the first Window Period beginning after such date. 
 - 6 - 

(l) Dividend Equivalent Right means a dividend equivalent right granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay to the Grantee amounts equal to all or any portion of the regular cash dividends that would be paid on shares of Common Stock covered by an Award if such shares had been delivered pursuant to an Award. 
 (m) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
 (n) Firm means GS Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 (o) GS Inc. means The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 (p) Outstanding means any Award to the extent it has not been forfeited, canceled, terminated, exercised or with respect to which the shares of Common Stock underlying the Award have not been previously delivered or other payments made. 
 (q) RSU means a restricted stock unit Award granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the RSU Award Agreement. 
 (r) RSU Shares means shares of Common Stock that underlie an RSU. 
 (s) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, including any amendments or successor provisions to that Section and any regulations and other administrative guidance thereunder, in each case as they, from time to time, may be amended or interpreted through further administrative guidance. 
 (t) Window Period means a period designated by the Firm during which all employees of the Firm are permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock (provided that, if the Grantee is a member of a designated group of employees who are subject to different restrictions, the Window Period may be a period designated by the Firm during which an employee of the Firm in such designated group is permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock). 
 - 7 - 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 4
 a1032_formxofxnon-employee.htm
 EX-10.32

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.32 

 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Outside Director _________ RSU Award (Cash-Settled) 
 This Award Agreement, together with The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (2021) (the Plan ), governs your ________ grant award of RSUs (your Award ). You should read carefully this entire Award Agreement, which includes the Award Statement and any attached Appendix. 
 Documents that Govern Your Award Definitions 
 1. The Plan . Your Award is granted under the Plan, and the Plan s terms apply to, and are a part of, this Award Agreement. 
 2. Your Award Statement . The Award Statement delivered to you contains some of your Award s specific terms. For example, it contains the Date of Grant, the number of RSUs awarded to you, the Settlement Date and the Payment Date. 
 3. Definitions . Unless otherwise defined herein, including in the Definitions Appendix or any other Appendix, capitalized terms have the meanings provided in the Plan. 
 Payment of Your RSU Payment Amount 
 4. Payment . The RSU Payment Amount (less applicable withholding) will be paid in respect of your Outstanding RSUs on the Payment Date listed on your Award Statement. Until such payment, you have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor, and no rights as a shareholder of GS Inc. 
 Dividend Equivalent Rights 
 5. Dividend Equivalent Rights . Each RSU includes a Dividend Equivalent Right, which entitles you to receive an amount (less applicable withholding), at or after the time of distribution of any regular cash dividend paid by GS Inc. in respect of a share of Common Stock, equal to any regular cash dividend payment that would have been made in respect of an RSU Share underlying your Outstanding RSUs for any record date that occurs on or after the Date of Grant. 
 Accelerated Payment 
 6. Accelerated Payment in the Event of Conflicted Employment or Death . In the event of your Conflicted Employment or death, your Outstanding Award will be treated as described in this Paragraph 6, and all other terms of this Award Agreement continue to apply. 
 (a) You Are Determined to Have Accepted Conflicted Employment . 
 (i) Generally . Unless prohibited by applicable law or regulation, if you accept Conflicted Employment, as soon as practicable after the Committee has received satisfactory documentation relating to your Conflicted Employment, the RSU Payment Amount will be paid in respect of your Outstanding RSUs. 
 (ii) You May Have to Take Other Steps to Address Conflicts of Interest . The Committee retains the authority to exercise its rights under the Award Agreement or the Plan (including Section 1.3.2 of the Plan) to take or require you to take other steps it determines in its sole discretion to be necessary or appropriate to cure an actual or perceived conflict of interest (which may include a determination that the accelerated payment described in Paragraph 6(a)(i) will not apply because such actions are not necessary or appropriate to cure an actual or perceived conflict of interest). 

(b) Death . If you die, the payment of the RSU Payment Amount with respect to your Outstanding RSUs (and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any applicable award agreement, any previously granted Outstanding RSUs) will be delivered to your Account as soon as practicable after the date of death and after such documentation as may be requested by the Committee is provided to the Committee. 
 Other Terms, Conditions and Agreements 
 7. Additional Terms, Conditions and Agreements . 
 (a) You Must Satisfy Applicable Tax Withholding Requirements . Payment of the RSU Payment Amount is conditioned on your satisfaction of any applicable withholding taxes in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Plan, provided that the Committee may determine not to apply the withholding rate described in Section 3.2.2 of the Plan. 
 (b) You Agree to Certain Consents . By accepting this Award, you have expressly consented to all of the items listed in Section 3.3.3(d) of the Plan, including the Firm s supplying to any third-party recordkeeper of the Plan or other person such personal information of yours as the Committee deems advisable to administer the Plan, and you agree to provide any additional consents that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable. 
 Non-Transferability 
 8. Non-transferability . Except as otherwise may be provided in this Paragraph 8 or as otherwise may be provided by the Committee, the limitations on transferability set forth in Section 3.5 of the Plan will apply to this Award. Any purported transfer or assignment in violation of the provisions of this Paragraph 8 or Section 3.5 of the Plan will be void. The Committee may adopt procedures pursuant to which you may transfer some or all of your RSUs through a gift for no consideration to any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, any person sharing the recipient s household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which these persons have more than 50 of the beneficial interest, and any other entity in which these persons (or the recipient) own more than 50 of the voting interests. 
 Governing Law 
 9. Governing Law . This Award will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. 
 Certain Tax Provisions 
 10. Compliance of Award Agreement and Plan with Section 409A . The provisions of this Paragraph 10 apply to you only if you are a U.S. taxpayer. 
 (a) This Award Agreement and the Plan provisions that apply to this Award are intended and will be construed to comply with Section 409A (including the requirements applicable to, or the conditions for exemption from treatment as, 409A Deferred Compensation), whether by reason of short-term deferral treatment or other exceptions or provisions. The Committee will have full authority to give effect to this intent. To the extent necessary to give effect to this intent, in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between the provisions of the Plan (including Sections 1.3.2 and 2.1 thereof) and this Award Agreement, the provisions of this Award Agreement will govern, and in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between this Paragraph 10 and the other provisions of this Award Agreement, this Paragraph 10 will govern. 
 (b) Payment of the RSU Payment Amount in respect of your RSUs will not be delayed beyond the date on which all applicable conditions or restrictions on payment required by 
 - 2 - 

this Agreement (including those specified in Paragraphs 4, 6(b) and 7 and the consents and other items specified in Section 3.3 of the Plan) are satisfied, and will occur by December 31 of the calendar year in which the Payment Date occurs unless, in order to permit such conditions or restrictions to be satisfied, the Committee elects, pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted in accordance with Section 409A, to delay payment of the RSU Payment Amount to a later date as may be permitted under Section 409A, including Reg. 1.409A-3(d). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Award includes a series of installment payments as described in Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii), your right to the series of installment payments will be treated as a right to a series of separate payments and not as a right to a single payment. 
 (c) Notwithstanding Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, any payments that the Firm may make in respect of your RSUs will not have the effect of deferring payment, income inclusion, or a substantial risk of forfeiture, beyond the date on which such payment or inclusion would occur or such risk of forfeiture would lapse, with respect to the RSU Payment Amount that would otherwise have been payable (unless the Committee elects a later date for this purpose pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted under Section 409A, including and to the extent applicable, the subsequent election provisions of Section 409A(a)(4)(C) of the Code and Reg. 1.409A-2(b)). 
 (d) Notwithstanding the timing provisions of Paragraph 6(b), the Payment of the RSU Payment Amount referred to therein will be made after the date of death and during the calendar year that includes the date of death (or on such later date as may be permitted under Section 409A). 
 (e) Notwithstanding any provision of Paragraph 5 or Section 2.8.2 of the Plan to the contrary, the Dividend Equivalent Rights with respect to each of your Outstanding RSUs will be paid to you within the calendar year that includes the date of distribution of any corresponding regular cash dividends paid by GS Inc. in respect of a share of Common Stock the record date for which occurs on or after the Date of Grant. The payment will be in an amount (less applicable withholding) equal to such regular dividend payment as would have been made in respect of the RSU Shares underlying such Outstanding RSUs. 
 (f) The timing of payment referred to in Paragraph 6(a)(i) will be the earlier of (i) the Payment Date or (ii) within the calendar year in which the Committee receives satisfactory documentation relating to your Conflicted Employment, provided that such delivery or payment will be made, and any Committee action referred to in Paragraph 6(a)(i) will be taken, only at such time as, and if and to the extent that it, as reasonably determined by the Firm, would not result in the imposition of any additional tax to you under Section 409A. 
 (g) Section 3.4 of the Plan will not apply to Awards that are 409A Deferred Compensation except to the extent permitted under Section 409A. 
 (h) Payment of the RSU Payment Amount in respect of any RSUs may be made, if and to the extent elected by the Committee, later than the Payment Date or other date or period specified hereinabove (but, in the case of any Award that constitutes 409A Deferred Compensation, only to the extent that the later payment is permitted under Section 409A). 
 (i) You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties due pursuant to Section 409A, but in no event will you be permitted to designate, directly or indirectly, the taxable year of the delivery. 
 Amendment, Construction and Regulatory Reporting 
 11. Amendment . The Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms of this Award Agreement, and the Board may amend the Plan in any respect provided , that, notwithstanding the foregoing and Sections 1.3.2(f), 1.3.2(h) and 3.1 of the Plan, no such amendment will materially adversely affect your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement without your consent and 
 - 3 - 

provided further , that the Committee expressly reserves the right to accelerate the payment of the RSU Payment Amount and in its discretion to provide that such payment may not be transferable until the Payment Date. A modification that impacts the tax consequences of this Award or the timing of payment of the RSU Payment Amount will not be an amendment that materially adversely affects your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement. Any amendment of this Award Agreement will be in writing. 
 12. Construction, Headings . Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) words describing the singular number include the plural and vice versa, (b) words denoting any gender include all genders and (c) the words include, includes and including will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The headings in this Award Agreement are for the purpose of convenience only and are not intended to define or limit the construction of the provisions hereof. References in this Award Agreement to any specific Plan provision will not be construed as limiting the applicability of any other Plan provision. 
 13. Providing Information to the Appropriate Authorities . In accordance with applicable law, nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan prevents you from providing information you reasonably believe to be true to the appropriate governmental authority, including a regulatory, judicial, administrative, or other governmental entity reporting possible violations of law or regulation making other disclosures that are protected under any applicable law or regulation or filing a charge or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by a governmental authority. For the avoidance of doubt, governmental authority includes federal, state and local government agencies such as the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and any state or local human rights agency e.g. , the New York State Division of Human Rights, the New York City Commission on Human Rights, the California Civil Rights Department), as well as law enforcement e.g. , the state Attorney General). Similarly, nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan prohibits you from speaking with your own attorney regarding your own legal rights or obligations. 
 
 - 4 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , GS Inc. has caused this Award Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the Date of Grant. 
 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. 

Accepted and Agreed 

By ____________________________ 
 Print Name 
 
 - 5 - 

Definitions Appendix 
 
 The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the following meanings 
 (a) 409A Deferred Compensation means a deferral of compensation or deferred compensation as those terms are defined in the regulations under Section 409A. 
 The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the meanings that are assigned to them in the Plan. 
 (a) Account means any brokerage account, custody account or similar account, as approved or required by GS Inc. from time to time, into which shares of Common Stock, cash or other property in respect of an Award are delivered. 
 (b) Award Agreement means the written document or documents by which each Award is evidenced, including any related Award Statement and signature card. 
 (c) Award Statement means a written statement that reflects certain Award terms. 
 (d) Board means the Board of Directors of GS Inc. 
 (e) Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or obligated by Federal law or executive order to be closed. 
 (f) Certificate means a stock certificate (or other appropriate document or evidence of ownership) representing shares of Common Stock. 
 (g) Committee means the committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan pursuant to Section 1.3, and, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for the compensation realized from Awards under the Plan to be considered performance based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is an outside director within the meaning of Code Section 162(m), and which, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for Awards under the Plan to qualify for the exemption available under Rule 16b-3(d)(1) or Rule 16b-3(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Committee shall be the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 (h) Common Stock means common stock of GS Inc., par value 0.01 per share. 
 (i) Conflicted Employment means the Grantee s employment at any U.S. Federal, state or local government, any non-U.S. government, any supranational or international organization, any self-regulatory organization, or any agency or instrumentality of any such government or organization, or any other employer determined by the Committee, if, as a result of such employment, the Grantee s continued holding of any Outstanding Award or Shares at Risk would result in an actual or perceived conflict of interest. 
 (j) Date of Grant means the date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as the date of grant of the Award. 
 (k) Delivery Date means each date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as a delivery date, provided, unless the Committee determines otherwise, such date is during a Window Period or, if such date is not during a Window Period, the first trading day of the first Window Period beginning after such date. 
 - 6 - 

(l) Dividend Equivalent Right means a dividend equivalent right granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay to the Grantee amounts equal to all or any portion of the regular cash dividends that would be paid on shares of Common Stock covered by an Award if such shares had been delivered pursuant to an Award. 
 (m) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
 (n) Fair Market Value means, with respect to a share of Common Stock on any day, the fair market value as determined in accordance with a valuation methodology approved by the Committee. 
 (o) Firm means GS Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 (p) GS Inc. means The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 (q) Outstanding means any Award to the extent it has not been forfeited, canceled, terminated, exercised or with respect to which the shares of Common Stock underlying the Award have not been previously delivered or other payments made. 
 (r) RSU means a restricted stock unit Award granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the RSU Award Agreement. 
 (s) RSU Payment Amount means the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock at the close of trading on the Settlement Date. 
 (t) RSU Shares means shares of Common Stock that underlie an RSU. 
 (u) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, including any amendments or successor provisions to that Section and any regulations and other administrative guidance thereunder, in each case as they, from time to time, may be amended or interpreted through further administrative guidance. 
 (v) Settlement Date means the last trading day prior to the Payment Date provided that, if the Committee determines that such date is impracticable under the circumstances, the Committee may designate a trading day prior to the Payment Date that is practicable. 
 (w) Window Period means a period designated by the Firm during which all employees of the Firm are permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock (provided that, if the Grantee is a member of a designated group of employees who are subject to different restrictions, the Window Period may be a period designated by the Firm during which an employee of the Firm in such designated group is permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock). 
 - 7 - 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.33>
 5
 a1033_formofone-timeslashy.htm
 EX-10.33

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.33 

 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. One-Time Year-End RSU Award 
 This Award Agreement, together with The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (2021) (the Plan ), governs your _______________________ award of RSUs (your Award ). You should read carefully this entire Award Agreement, which includes the Award Statement, any attached Appendix and the signature card. 
 Acceptance 
 1. You Must Decide Whether to Accept this Award Agreement . To be eligible to receive your Award, you must by the date specified (a) open and activate an Account and (b) agree to all the terms of your Award by executing the related signature card in accordance with its instructions. By executing the signature card, you confirm your agreement to all of the terms of this Award Agreement, including the arbitration and choice of forum provisions in Paragraph 15 16 . 
 Documents that Govern Your Award Definitions 
 2. The Plan . Your Award is granted under the Plan, and the Plan s terms apply to, and are a part of, this Award Agreement. 
 3. Your Award Statement . The Award Statement delivered to you contains some of your Award s specific terms. For example, it contains the number of RSUs awarded to you and any applicable Vesting Dates , and Delivery Dates and Transferability Dates . 
 4. Definitions . Unless otherwise defined herein, including in the Definitions Appendix or any other Appendix, capitalized terms have the meanings provided in the Plan. 
 Vesting of Your RSUs 
 5. Vesting . On each Vesting Date listed on your Award Statement, you will become Vested in the amount of Outstanding RSUs listed next to that date. When an RSU becomes Vested, it means only that your continued active Employment is not required for delivery of that portion of RSU Shares. Vesting does not mean you have a non-forfeitable right to the Vested portion of your Award. The terms of this Award Agreement (including conditions to delivery and any applicable Transfer Restrictions continue to apply to Vested RSUs, and you can still forfeit Vested RSUs and any RSU Shares. 
 Delivery of Your RSU Shares 
 6. Delivery . Reasonably promptly (but no more than 30 Business Days) after each Delivery Date listed on your Award Statement, RSU Shares (less applicable withholding as described in Paragraph 12 13 (a)) will be delivered (by book entry credit to your Account) in respect of the amount of Outstanding RSUs listed next to that date. The Committee or the SIP Committee may select multiple dates within the 30-Business-Day period following the Delivery Date to deliver RSU Shares in respect of all or a portion of the RSUs with the same Delivery Date listed on the Award Statement, and all such dates will be treated as a single Delivery Date for purposes of this Award. Until such delivery, you have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor, and no rights as a shareholder of GS Inc. Without limiting the Committee s authority under Section 1.3.2(h) of the Plan, the Firm may accelerate any Delivery Date by up to 30 days. 
 Transfer Restrictions Following Delivery 
 7. Transfer Restrictions and Shares at Risk . ___ percent of the RSU Shares that are delivered on any date will be Shares at Risk subject to Transfer Restrictions until the applicable Transferability Date listed on your Award Statement . Any purported sale, exchange, transfer, 

assignment, pledge, hypothecation, fractionalization, hedge or other disposition in violation of the Transfer Restrictions on Shares at Risk will be void. Within 30 Business Days after the applicable Transferability Date listed on your Award Statement (or any other date on which the Transfer Restrictions are to be removed), GS Inc. will remove the Transfer Restrictions. The Committee or the SIP Committee may select multiple dates within such 30-Business-Day period on which to remove Transfer Restrictions for all or a portion of the Shares at Risk with the same Transferability Date listed on the Award Statement, and all such dates will be treated as a single Transferability Date for purposes of this Award. 
 Dividends 
 8. Dividend Equivalent Rights and Dividends . Each RSU includes a Dividend Equivalent Right, which entitles you to receive an amount (less applicable withholding), at or after the time of distribution of any regular cash dividend paid by GS Inc. in respect of a share of Common Stock, equal to any regular cash dividend payment that would have been made in respect of an RSU Share underlying your Outstanding RSUs for any record date that occurs on or after the Date of Grant. In addition, y Y ou will be entitled to receive on a current basis any regular cash dividend paid in respect of your Shares at Risk. The RSUs do not include Dividend Equivalent Rights. 
 Forfeiture of Your Award 
 9. How You May Forfeit Your Award . This Paragraph 8 9 sets forth the events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your RSUs and Shares at Risk and may require repayment to the Firm of up to all other amounts previously delivered or paid to you under your Award in accordance with Paragraph 9 10 . More than one event may apply, and in no case will the occurrence of one event limit the forfeiture and repayment obligations as a result of the occurrence of any other event. In addition, the Firm reserves the right to (a) suspend vesting of Outstanding RSUs, payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights or delivery of RSU Shares or release of Transfer Restrictions , (b) deliver any RSU Shares , or dividends or payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights into an escrow account in accordance with Paragraph 12 13 (f)(v) or (c) apply Transfer Restrictions to any RSU Shares in connection with any investigation of whether any of the events that result in forfeiture under the Plan or this Paragraph 8 9 have occurred. Paragraph 10 11 (relating to certain circumstances under which you will not forfeit your unvested RSUs upon Employment termination) and Paragraph 11 12 (relating to certain circumstances under which vesting , delivery and or delivery release of Transfer Restrictions may be accelerated) provide for exceptions to one or more provisions of this Paragraph 8 9 . The U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix supplements this Paragraph 8 9 and sets forth additional events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your RSUs and Shares at Risk and may require repayment to the Firm as described in Paragraph 9 10 and the Appendix. 
 (a) Unvested RSUs Forfeited if Your Employment Terminates . If your Employment terminates for any reason or you are otherwise no longer actively Employed with the Firm (which includes off-premises notice periods, garden leaves, pay in lieu of notice or any other similar status), your rights to your Outstanding RSUs that are not Vested will terminate, and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs. 
 (b) Vested and Unvested RSUs Forfeited if You Solicit Clients or Employees, Interfere with Client or Employee Relationships or Participate in the Hiring of Employees Upon Certain Events . If any of the following occurs before the applicable Delivery Date, except as prohibited by applicable law your rights to all of your Outstanding RSUs (whether or not Vested) will terminate, and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs 
 (i) You Solicit Clients or Employees, Interfere with Client or Employee Relationships or Participate in the Hiring of Employees. Either 
 (A) you, in any manner, directly or indirectly, (A) (1) Solicit any Client to transact business with a Covered Enterprise or to reduce or refrain from doing any business with the Firm, (B) (2) interfere with or damage (or attempt to interfere with or damage) any relationship between the Firm and any Client, (C) (3) Solicit any person who is an employee of the Firm to resign from the Firm, (D) (4) Solicit any Selected Firm Personnel 
 - 2 - 

to apply for or accept employment (or other association) with any person or entity other than the Firm or (E) (5) participate in the hiring of any Selected Firm Personnel by any person or entity other than the Firm (including, without limitation, participating in the identification of individuals for potential hire, and participating in any hiring decision), whether as an employee or consultant or otherwise, or 
 (ii) (B) Selected Firm Personnel are Solicited, hired or accepted into partnership, membership or similar status by any entity where you have, or will have, direct or indirect managerial responsibility for such Selected Firm Personnel, unless the Committee determines that you were not involved in such Solicitation, hiring or acceptance. 
 (iii) GS Inc. Fails to Maintain the Minimum Tier 1 Capital Ratio . GS Inc. fails to maintain the required Minimum Tier 1 Capital Ratio as defined under Federal Reserve Board Regulations applicable to GS Inc. for a period of 90 consecutive business days. 
 (iv) GS Inc. Is Determined to Be in Default . The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC makes a written recommendation under Title II (Orderly Liquidation Authority) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act for the appointment of the FDIC as a receiver of GS Inc. based on a determination that GS Inc. is in default or in danger of default. 
 
 (c) Vested and Unvested RSUs and Shares at Risk Forfeited upon Certain Events . If any of the following occurs (i) your rights to all of your Outstanding RSUs (whether or not Vested) will terminate, and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs and (ii) your rights to all of your Shares at Risk will terminate and your Shares at Risk will be cancelled, in each case , as may be further described below 
 (i) You Failed to Consider Risk . You Failed to Consider Risk during ___________________. 
 (ii) Your Conduct Constitutes Cause . Any event that constitutes Cause (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Serious Misconduct as defined in the U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix) has occurred before the applicable Delivery Date for RSUs or the applicable Transferability Date for Shares at Risk . 
 (iii) You Do Not Meet Your Obligations to the Firm . The Committee determines that, before the applicable Delivery Date for RSUs or the applicable Transferability Date for Shares at Risk , you failed to meet, in any respect, any obligation under any agreement with the Firm, or any agreement entered into in connection with your Employment or this Award, including the Firm s notice period requirement applicable to you, any offer letter, employment agreement or any shareholders agreement relating to the Firm. Your failure to pay or reimburse the Firm, on demand, for any amount you owe to the Firm will constitute (A) failure to meet an obligation you have under an agreement, regardless of whether such obligation arises under a written agreement, and or (B) a material violation of Firm policy constituting Cause. 
 (iv) You Do Not Provide Timely Certifications or Comply with Your Certifications . You fail to certify to GS Inc. that you have complied with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement, or the Committee determines that you have failed to comply with a term of the Plan or this Award Agreement to which you have certified compliance. 
 (v) You Do Not Follow Dispute Resolution Arbitration Procedures . You attempt to have any dispute under the Plan or this Award Agreement resolved in any manner that is not provided for by Paragraph 15 16 or Section 3.17 of the Plan, or you attempt to arbitrate a dispute without first having exhausted your internal administrative remedies in accordance with Paragraph 12 13 (f)( vii viii ). 
 - 3 - 

(vi) You Bring an Action that Results in a Determination that Any Award Agreement Term Is Invalid . As a result of any action brought by you, it is determined that any term of this Award Agreement is invalid. 
 (vii) You Receive Compensation in Respect of Your Award from Another Employer . Your Employment terminates for any reason or you otherwise are no longer actively Employed with the Firm and another entity grants you cash, equity or other property (whether vested or unvested) to replace, substitute for or otherwise in respect of any Outstanding RSUs or Shares at Risk provided , however , that your rights will only be terminated in respect of the RSUs and Shares at Risk that are replaced, substituted for or otherwise considered by such other entity in making its grant. 
 (viii) You Receive Compensation that this Award Is Intended to Replace . This Award is intended to replace or substitute for any award or compensation forgone with an entity to which you previously provided services, and such entity nevertheless delivers to you such award or compensation (including any cash, equity or other property (whether vested or unvested)), as determined by the Firm in its sole discretion. 
 Repayment of Your Award 
 10. When You May Be Required to Repay Your Award . If the Committee determines that any term of this Award was not satisfied, you will be required, immediately upon demand therefor, to repay to the Firm the following 
 (a) Any RSU Shares (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes Shares at Risk) for which the terms (including the terms for delivery) of the related RSUs were not satisfied, in accordance with Section 2.6.3 of the Plan. 
 (b) Any Shares at Risk for which the terms (including the terms for the release of Transfer Restrictions) were not satisfied, in accordance with Section 2.5.3 of the Plan. 
 (c) Any RSU Shares that were delivered (but not subject to Transfer Restrictions at the same time any Shares at Risk that are cancelled or required to be repaid were delivered. 
 (d) Any payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights for which the terms were not satisfied (including any such payments made in respect of RSUs that are forfeited or RSU Shares that are cancelled or required to be repaid) , in accordance with Section 2.8.3 of the Plan. 
 (e) Any dividends paid in respect of any RSU Shares that are cancelled or required to be repaid. 
 (f) Any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations with respect to any RSUs, RSU Shares , and dividend payments and payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights that are forfeited or required to be repaid. 
 Exceptions to the Vesting , Delivery and or Delivery Transferability Dates 
 11. Circumstances Under Which You Will Not Forfeit Your Unvested RSUs on Employment Termination (but the Original Delivery Date and Transferability Date Continue s to Apply) . If your Employment terminates at a time when you meet the requirements for Extended Absence , Retirement, downsizing or Approved Termination, each as described below, then Paragraph 8 9 (a) will not apply, and your Outstanding RSUs will be treated as described in this Paragraph 10 11 . All other terms of this Award Agreement, including the other forfeiture and repayment events in Paragraphs 8 9 and 9 10 , continue to apply. 
 (a) Extended Absence or Retirement and No Association With a Covered Enterprise . 
 - 4 - 

(i) Generally . If your Employment terminates by Extended Absence or Retirement , your Outstanding RSUs that are not Vested will be treated as Vested. However, your rights to any Outstanding RSU that are treated as Vested by this Paragraph 10 11 (a) (i) will terminate and no RSU Share will be delivered in respect of that RSU if you Associate With a Covered Enterprise on or before the originally scheduled Vesting Date for that RSU. You acknowledge and agree that if any portion of the preceding sentence is unenforceable under applicable law, or is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Paragraph 10 11 (a)(i) is inapplicable to you and your rights to any Outstanding RSUs that were treated as Vested or otherwise would have been treated as Vested because of Extended Absence or Retirement will be cancelled. 
 (ii) Special Treatment for Involuntary or Mutual Agreement Termination . The second sentence of Paragraph 10 11 (a) (i) (relating to forfeiture if you Associate With a Covered Enterprise) will not apply if (A) the Firm characterizes your Employment termination as involuntary or by mutual agreement (and, in each case, you have not engaged in conduct constituting Cause) and (B) you execute a general waiver and release of claims and an agreement to pay any associated tax liability, in each case, in the form the Firm prescribes. No Employment termination that you initiate, including any purported constructive termination, a termination for good reason or similar concepts, can be involuntary or by mutual agreement. 
 (b) Downsizing . If (i) the Firm terminates your Employment solely by reason of a downsizing (and you have not engaged in conduct constituting Cause) and (ii) you execute a general waiver and release of claims and an agreement to pay any associated tax liability, in each case, in the form the Firm prescribes, your Outstanding RSUs that are not yet Vested will become Vested. Whether or not your Employment is terminated solely by reason of a downsizing will be determined by the Firm in its sole discretion. 
 (c) Approved Terminations of Fixed-Term Employees . If the Firm classifies you as a fixed-term employee and your Employment terminates solely by reason of an Approved Termination (and you have not engaged in conduct constituting Cause), your Outstanding RSUs that are not yet Vested will become Vested. 
 12. Accelerated Vesting , and or Delivery and or Release of Transfer Restrictions in the Event of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control , Conflicted Employment or Death . In the event of your Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control , Conflicted Employment or death, each as described below, then Paragraph 8 9 (a) will not apply, your Outstanding RSUs and Shares at Risk will be treated as described in this Paragraph 11 12 , and, except as set forth in Paragraph 11 12 (a), all other terms of this Award Agreement, including the other forfeiture and repayment events in Paragraphs 8 9 and 9 10 , continue to apply. 
 (a) You Have a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control . If your Employment terminates when you meet the requirements of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, the RSU Shares underlying your Outstanding RSUs (whether or not Vested) will be delivered , and any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply . In addition, the forfeiture events in Paragraph 8 9 will not apply to your Award. 
 (b) You Are Determined to Have Accepted Conflicted Employment . 
 (i) Generally . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or otherwise, for purposes of this Award Agreement, Conflicted Employment means your employment at any U.S. Federal, state or local government, any non-U.S. government, any supranational or international organization, any self-regulatory organization, or any agency or instrumentality of any such government or organization, or any other employer (other than an Accounting Firm within the meaning of SEC Rule 2-01(f)(2) of Regulation S-X or any successor thereto) determined by the Committee, if, as a result of such employment, your continued holding of any Outstanding RSUs and Shares at Risk would result in an actual or perceived conflict of interest. Unless prohibited by applicable law or regulation, the following 
 - 5 - 

will apply as soon as practicable after the Committee has received satisfactory documentation relating to your Conflicted Employment. 
 (A) Vesting . If your Employment terminates solely because you resign to accept Conflicted Employment and you have completed at least three years of continuous service with the Firm, your Outstanding RSUs will Vest otherwise, you will forfeit any Outstanding RSUs that are not Vested in accordance with Paragraph 8 9 (a). 
 (B) Delivery and Release of Transfer Restrictions . If your Employment terminates solely because you resign to accept Conflicted Employment or if, following your termination of Employment, you notify the Firm that you are accepting Conflicted Employment, RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of your Outstanding Vested RSUs (including in the form of cash as described in Paragraph 12 13 (b)) and any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply . 
 (ii) You May Have to Take Other Steps to Address Conflicts of Interest . The Committee retains the authority to exercise its rights under the Award Agreement or the Plan (including Section 1.3.2 of the Plan) to take or require you to take other steps it determines in its sole discretion to be necessary or appropriate to cure an actual or perceived conflict of interest (which may include a determination that the accelerated vesting , and or delivery and or release of Transfer Restrictions described in Paragraph 11 12 (b)(i) will not apply because such actions are not necessary or appropriate to cure an actual or perceived conflict of interest). 
 (c) Death . If you die, the RSU Shares underlying your Outstanding RSUs (whether or not Vested) will be delivered to your Account and any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply as soon as practicable after the date of death and after such documentation as may be requested by the Committee is provided to the Committee. 
 Other Terms, Conditions and Agreements 
 13. Additional Terms, Conditions and Agreements . 
 (a) You Must Satisfy Applicable Tax Withholding Requirements . Delivery of RSU Shares is conditioned on your satisfaction of any applicable withholding taxes in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Plan, which includes the Firm deducting or withholding amounts from any payment or distribution to you. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Firm, in its sole discretion, may require you to provide amounts equal to all or a portion of any Federal, state, local, foreign or other tax obligations imposed on you or the Firm in connection with the grant, Vesting or delivery of this Award by requiring you to choose between remitting the amount (i) in cash (or through payroll deduction or otherwise) or (ii) in the form of proceeds from the Firm s executing a sale of RSU Shares delivered to you under this Award. In no event, however, does this Paragraph 12 13 (a) give you any discretion to determine or affect the timing of the delivery of RSU Shares or the timing of payment of tax obligations. 
 (b) Firm May Deliver Cash or Other Property Instead of RSU Shares . In accordance with Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, in the sole discretion of the Committee, in lieu of all or any portion of the RSU Shares, the Firm may deliver cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property, and all references in this Award Agreement to deliveries of RSU Shares will include such deliveries of cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property. 
 (c) Amounts May Be Rounded to Avoid Fractional Shares . RSUs that become Vested on a Vesting Date , and RSU Shares that become deliverable on a Delivery Date and RSU Shares subject to Transfer Restrictions may, in each case, be rounded to avoid fractional Shares. 
 (d) You May Be Required to Become a Party to the Shareholders Agreement . Your rights to your RSUs are conditioned on your becoming a party to any shareholders agreement to 
 - 6 - 

which other similarly situated employees e.g ., employees with a similar title or position) of the Firm are required to be a party. 
 (e) Firm May Affix Legends and Place Stop Orders on Restricted RSU Shares . GS Inc. may affix to Certificates representing RSU Shares any legend that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable (including to reflect any restrictions to which you may be subject under a separate agreement). GS Inc. may advise the transfer agent to place a stop order against any legended RSU Shares. 
 (f) You Agree to Certain Consents, Terms and Conditions . By accepting this Award you understand and agree that 
 (i) You Agree to Certain Consents as a Condition to the Award . You have expressly consented to all of the items listed in Section 3.3.3(d) of the Plan, including the Firm s supplying to any third-party recordkeeper of the Plan or other person such personal information of yours as the Committee deems advisable to administer the Plan, and you agree to provide any additional consents that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable 
 (ii) You Are Subject to the Firm s Policies, Rules and Procedures . You are subject to the Firm s policies in effect from time to time concerning trading in RSU Shares and hedging or pledging RSU Shares and equity-based compensation or other awards (including, without limitation, the Firmwide Policy with Respect to Personal Transactions Involving GS Securities and GS Equity Awards or any successor policies), and confidential or proprietary information, and you will effect sales of RSU Shares in accordance with such rules and procedures as may be adopted from time to time (which may include, without limitation, restrictions relating to the timing of sale requests, the manner in which sales are executed, pricing method, consolidation or aggregation of orders and volume limits determined by the Firm) 
 (iii) You Are Responsible for Costs Associated with Your Award . You will be responsible for all brokerage costs and other fees or expenses associated with your RSUs, including those related to the sale of RSU Shares 
 (iv) You Will Be Deemed to Represent Your Compliance with All the Terms of Your Award if You Accept Delivery of, or Sell, RSU Shares . You will be deemed to have represented and certified that you have complied with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement when RSU Shares are delivered to you , and you receive payment in respect of Dividend Equivalent Rights and when you request the sale of RSU Shares following the release of Transfer Restrictions 
 (v) Firm May Deliver Your Award into an Escrow Account . The Firm may establish and maintain an escrow account on such terms (which may include your executing any documents related to, and your paying for any costs associated with, such account) as it may deem necessary or appropriate, and the delivery of RSU Shares (including Shares at Risk) or the payment of cash (including dividends and payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights or other property may initially be made into and held in that escrow account until such time as the Committee has received such documentation as it may have requested or until the Committee has determined that any other conditions or restrictions on delivery of RSU Shares, cash or other property required by this Award Agreement have been satisfied 
 (vi) You May Be Required to Certify Compliance with Award Terms You Are Responsible for Providing the Firm with Updated Address and Contact Information After Your Departure from the Firm . If your Employment terminates while you continue to hold RSUs or Shares at Risk , from time to time, you may be required to provide certifications of your compliance with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement as described in Paragraph 8 9 (c)(iv). You understand and agree that (A) your address on file with the Firm at the time any certification is required will be deemed to be your current address, (B) it is your responsibility to inform the Firm of any changes to your address to ensure timely receipt of the certification materials, (C) you are responsible for contacting the Firm to obtain such certification 
 - 7 - 

materials if not received and (D) your failure to return properly completed certification materials by the specified deadline (which includes your failure to timely return the completed certification because you did not provide the Firm with updated contact information) will result in the forfeiture of all of your RSUs and Shares at Risk and subject previously delivered amounts to repayment under Paragraph 8 9 (c)(iv) 
 (vii) You Authorize the Firm to Register, in Its or Its Designee s Name, Any Shares at Risk and Sell, Assign or Transfer Any Forfeited Shares at Risk . You are granting to the Firm the full power and authority to register any Shares at Risk in its or its designee s name and authorizing the Firm or its designee to sell, assign or transfer any Shares at Risk if you forfeit your Shares at Risk 
 (viii) You Must Comply with Applicable Deadlines and Procedures to Appeal Determinations Made by the Committee, the SIP Committee or SIP Administrators . If you disagree with a determination made by the Committee, the SIP Committee, the SIP Administrators, or any of their delegates or designees and you wish to appeal such determination, you must submit a written request to the SIP Committee for review within 180 days after the determination at issue. You must exhaust your internal administrative remedies i.e. , submit your appeal and wait for resolution of that appeal) before seeking to resolve a dispute through arbitration pursuant to Paragraph 15 16 and Section 3.17 of the Plan and 
 (ix) You Agree that Covered Persons Will Not Have Liability . In addition to and without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 1.3.5 of the Plan, neither the Firm nor any Covered Person will have any liability to you or any other person for any action taken or omitted in respect of this or any other Award. 
 14. Non-transferability . Except as otherwise may be provided in this Paragraph 13 14 or as otherwise may be provided by the Committee, the limitations on transferability set forth in Section 3.5 of the Plan will apply to this Award. Any purported transfer or assignment in violation of the provisions of this Paragraph 13 14 or Section 3.5 of the Plan will be void. The Committee may adopt procedures pursuant to which some or all recipients of RSUs may transfer some or all of their RSUs and or Shares at Risk (which will continue to be subject to Transfer Restrictions until the applicable Transferability Date) through a gift for no consideration to any immediate family member, a trust or other estate planning vehicle approved by the Committee or SIP Committee in which the recipient and or the recipient s immediate family members in the aggregate have 100 of the beneficial interest. 
 15. Right of Offset . Except as provided in Paragraph 17 18 (h) (f) , the obligation to deliver RSU Shares , or to make payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights or to pay dividends or to remove the Transfer Restrictions under this Award Agreement is subject to Section 3.4 of the Plan, which provides for the Firm s right to offset against such obligation any outstanding amounts you owe to the Firm and any amounts the Committee deems appropriate pursuant to any tax equalization policy or agreement. 
 Arbitration, Choice of Forum and Governing Law 
 16. Arbitration Choice of Forum . 
 (a) By accepting this award, you are indicating that you understand and agree that the arbitration and choice of forum provisions set forth in Section 3.17 of the Plan will apply to this Award to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. These provisions, which are expressly incorporated herein by reference, provide among other things that any dispute, controversy or claim between the Firm and you arising out of or relating to or concerning the Plan or this Award Agreement will be finally settled by arbitration, pursuant to the terms more fully set forth in Section 3.17 of the Plan provided that nothing herein shall preclude you from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any governmental authority, including but not limited to the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and a state or local human rights agency, as well as law enforcement. 
 - 8 - 

(b) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitrator will have the authority to consider class, collective or representative claims, to order consolidation or to join different claimants or grant relief other than on an individual basis to the individual claimant involved. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any applicable forum rules to the contrary, to the extent there is a question of enforceability of this Award Agreement arising from a challenge to the arbitrator s jurisdiction or to the arbitrability of a claim, it will be decided by a court and not an arbitrator. 
 (d) The Federal Arbitration Act governs interpretation and enforcement of all arbitration provisions under the Plan and this Award Agreement, and all arbitration proceedings thereunder. 
 (e) Nothing in this Award Agreement creates a substantive right to bring a claim under U.S. Federal, state, or local employment laws. 
 (f) By accepting your Award, you irrevocably appoint each General Counsel of GS Inc., or any person whom the General Counsel of GS Inc. designates, as your agent for service of process in connection with any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to or concerning the Plan or any Award which is not arbitrated pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.17.1 of the Plan, who shall promptly advise you of any such service of process. 
 (g) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitrator will have the authority to consider any claim as to which you have not first exhausted your internal administrative remedies in accordance with Paragraph 12 13 (f)( vii viii ). 
 17. Governing Law . This Award will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. 
 Certain Tax Provisions 
 18. Compliance of Award Agreement and Plan with Section 409A . The provisions of this Paragraph 17 18 apply to you only if you are a U.S. taxpayer. 
 (a) This Award Agreement and the Plan provisions that apply to this Award are intended and will be construed to comply with Section 409A (including the requirements applicable to, or the conditions for exemption from treatment as, 409A Deferred Compensation), whether by reason of short-term deferral treatment or other exceptions or provisions. The Committee will have full authority to give effect to this intent. To the extent necessary to give effect to this intent, in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between the provisions of the Plan (including Sections 1.3.2 and 2.1 thereof) and this Award Agreement, the provisions of this Award Agreement will govern, and in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between this Paragraph 17 18 and the other provisions of this Award Agreement, this Paragraph 17 18 will govern. 
 (b) Delivery of RSU Shares will not be delayed beyond the date on which all applicable conditions or restrictions on delivery of RSU Shares required by this Agreement (including those specified in Paragraphs 6, 7, 10 11 (a)(ii), 10 11 (b), 11 12 b c and 12 13 and the consents and other items specified in Section 3.3 of the Plan) are satisfied. To the extent that any portion of this Award is intended to satisfy the requirements for short-term deferral treatment under Section 409A, delivery for such portion will occur by the March 15 coinciding with the last day of the applicable short-term deferral period described in Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4) in order for the delivery of RSU Shares to be within the short-term deferral exception unless, in order to permit all applicable conditions or restrictions on delivery to be satisfied, the Committee elects, pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted in accordance with Section 409A, to delay delivery of RSU Shares to a later date within the same calendar year or to such later date as may be permitted under Section 409A, including Reg. 1.409A-3(d). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Award includes a series of installment 
 - 9 - 

payments as described in Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii), your right to the series of installment payments will be treated as a right to a series of separate payments and not as a right to a single payment. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 12 13 (b) and Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, any securities, other Awards or other property that the Firm may deliver in respect of your RSUs will not have the effect of deferring delivery or payment, income inclusion, or a substantial risk of forfeiture, beyond the date on which such delivery, payment or inclusion would occur or such risk of forfeiture would lapse, with respect to the RSU Shares that would otherwise have been deliverable (unless the Committee elects a later date for this purpose pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted under Section 409A, including and to the extent applicable, the subsequent election provisions of Section 409A(a)(4)(C) of the Code and Reg. 1.409A-2(b)). 
 (d) Notwithstanding the timing provisions of Paragraph 11 12 b c ), the delivery of RSU Shares referred to therein will be made after the date of death and during the calendar year that includes the date of death (or on such later date as may be permitted under Section 409A). 
 (e) The timing of delivery or payment pursuant to Paragraph 11 12 (a) will occur on the earlier of (i) the Delivery Date or (ii) a date that is within the calendar year in which the termination of Employment occurs provided , however , that, if you are a specified employee (as defined by the Firm in accordance with Section 409A(a)(2)(i)(B) of the Code), delivery will occur on the earlier of the Delivery Date or (to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A) the date that is six months after your termination of Employment (or, if the latter date is not during a Window Period, the first trading day of the next Window Period). For purposes of Paragraph 11 12 (a), references in this Award Agreement to termination of Employment mean a termination of Employment from the Firm (as defined by the Firm) which is also a separation from service (as defined by the Firm in accordance with Section 409A). 
 (f) Notwithstanding any provision of Paragraph 7 8 or Section 2.8.2 of the Plan to the contrary, the Dividend Equivalent Rights with respect to each of your Outstanding RSUs will be paid to you within the calendar year that includes the date of distribution of any corresponding regular cash dividends paid by GS Inc. in respect of a share of Common Stock the record date for which occurs on or after the Date of Grant. The payment will be in an amount (less applicable withholding) equal to such regular dividend payment as would have been made in respect of the RSU Shares underlying such Outstanding RSUs. 
 (g) The timing of delivery or payment referred to in Paragraph 11 12 (b)(i) will be the earlier of (i) the Delivery Date or (ii) a date that is within the calendar year in which the Committee receives satisfactory documentation relating to your Conflicted Employment, provided that such delivery or payment will be made, and any Committee action referred to in Paragraph 11 12 (b)(ii) will be taken, only at such time as, and if and to the extent that it, as reasonably determined by the Firm, would not result in the imposition of any additional tax to you under Section 409A. 
 (h) Paragraph 14 15 and Section 3.4 of the Plan will not apply to Awards that are 409A Deferred Compensation except to the extent permitted under Section 409A. 
 (i) Delivery of RSU Shares in respect of any Award may be made, if and to the extent elected by the Committee, later than the Delivery Date or other date or period specified hereinabove (but, in the case of any Award that constitutes 409A Deferred Compensation, only to the extent that the later delivery is permitted under Section 409A). 
 (j) You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties due pursuant to Section 409A, but in no event will you be permitted to designate, directly or indirectly, the taxable year of the delivery. 
 - 10 - 

Committee Authority, Amendment, Construction and Regulatory Reporting 
 19. Committee Authority . The Committee has the authority to determine, in its sole discretion, that any event triggering forfeiture or repayment of your Award will not apply , and to limit the forfeitures and repayments that result under Paragraphs 8 and 9 9 and 10 and to remove Transfer Restrictions before the applicable Transferability Date . In addition, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may determine whether Paragraph s 10 11 (a)(ii) and 10 11 (b) will apply upon a termination of Employment and whether a termination of Employment constitutes an Approved Termination under Paragraph 10 11 (c) . 
 20. Amendment . The Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms of this Award Agreement, and the Board may amend the Plan in any respect provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing and Sections 1.3.2(f), 1.3.2(h) and 3.1 of the Plan, no such amendment will materially adversely affect your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement without your consent and provided further that the Committee expressly reserves its rights to amend the Award Agreement and the Plan as described in Sections 1.3.2(h)(1), (2) and (4) of the Plan. A modification that impacts the tax consequences of this Award or the timing of delivery of RSU Shares will not be an amendment that materially adversely affects your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement. Any amendment of this Award Agreement will be in writing. 
 21. Construction, Headings . Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) words describing the singular number include the plural and vice versa, (b) words denoting any gender include all genders and (c) the words include, includes and including will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The headings in this Award Agreement are for the purpose of convenience only and are not intended to define or limit the construction of the provisions hereof. References in this Award Agreement to any specific Plan provision will not be construed as limiting the applicability of any other Plan provision. 
 22. Providing Information to the Appropriate Authorities . In accordance with applicable law, nothing in this Award Agreement (including the forfeiture and repayment provisions in Paragraphs 8 and 9 9 and 10 or the Plan prevents you from providing information you reasonably believe to be true to the appropriate governmental authority, including a regulatory, judicial, administrative, or other governmental entity reporting possible violations of law or regulation making other disclosures that are protected under any applicable law or regulation or filing a charge or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by a governmental authority. For the avoidance of doubt, governmental authority includes federal, state and local government agencies such as the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and any state or local human rights agency e.g. , the New York State Division of Human Rights, the New York City Commission on Human Rights, the California Civil Rights Department), as well as law enforcement e.g. , the state Attorney General). Similarly, nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan prohibits you from speaking with your own attorney regarding your own legal rights or obligations. 

- 11 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , GS Inc. has caused this Award Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the Date of Grant. 
 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. 

- 12 - 

U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix 
 
 This Appendix supplements Paragraph 8 9 and sets forth additional events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your RSUs and Shares at Risk and may require repayment to the Firm of up to all other amounts previously delivered or paid to you under your Award in accordance with Paragraph 9 10 . As with the events described in Paragraph 8 9 , more than one event may apply, in no case will the occurrence of one event limit the forfeiture and repayment obligations as a result of the occurrence of any other event and the Firm reserves the right to (a) suspend vesting of Outstanding RSUs, delivery of RSU Shares or release of Transfer Restrictions, (b) deliver any RSU Shares or dividends into an escrow account in accordance with Paragraph 12 13 (f)(v) or (c) apply Transfer Restrictions to any RSU Shares in connection with any investigation of whether any of the events that result in forfeiture under this Appendix have occurred. 
 
 With respect to the events described in this Appendix, the Committee will consider certain factors to determine whether and what portion of your Award will terminate, including the reason for the Loss Event (as defined below) or Risk Event (as defined below) and the extent to which (1) you participated in the Loss Event or Risk Event, (2) your compensation for _________________________ may or may not have been adjusted to take into account the risk associated with the Loss Event, Risk Event, your Serious Misconduct (as defined below) or the Serious Misconduct of a Supervised Employee (as defined below) and (3) your compensation may be adjusted for the year in which the Loss Event, Risk Event, your Serious Misconduct or a Supervised Employee s Serious Misconduct is discovered. 
 
 (a) A Loss Event Occurs Prior to Delivery . If a Loss Event occurs prior to the delivery of RSU Shares, your rights in respect of all or a portion of your RSUs (whether or not Vested) which are scheduled to deliver on the next Delivery Date immediately following the date that the Loss Event is identified (or, if not practicable, then the next following Delivery Date) will terminate, and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs. 
 (i) A Loss Event means (A) an annual pre-tax loss at GS Inc. or (B) annual negative revenues in one or more reporting segments as disclosed in the Firm s Form 10-K other than the Asset & Wealth Management segment (or any successor or equivalent segment or sub-segment as determined by the Firm), or annual negative revenues in the Asset & Wealth Management segment (or any successor or equivalent segment or sub-segment as determined by the Firm) of 5 billion or more, provided in either case that you are employed in a business within such reporting segment. 
 (b) A Risk Event Occurs On or Before the Applicable End Date . If a Risk Event occurs on or before the Applicable End Date, (i) your rights in respect of all or a portion of your RSUs (whether or not Vested) will terminate and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs, (ii) your rights to all or a portion of any Shares at Risk will terminate and such Shares at Risk will be cancelled and (iii) you will be obligated immediately upon demand therefor to pay the Firm an amount not in excess of the greater of the Fair Market Value of the RSU Shares (plus any dividend payments) delivered in respect of the Award (without reduction for any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations) determined as of (A) the date the Risk Event occurred and (B) the date that the repayment request is made. 
 (i) A Risk Event means there occurs a loss of 5 or more of firmwide total capital from a reportable operational risk event determined in accordance with the firmwide Reporting and Operational Risk Events Policy (or any successor policy). 
 (c) You Engage in Serious Misconduct On or Before the Applicable End Date . If you engage in Serious Misconduct during the period beginning on the applicable Transferability Date through the Applicable End Date, you will be obligated immediately upon demand therefor to pay the Firm an amount not in excess of the greater of the Fair Market Value of the RSU Shares (plus any dividend payments) delivered in respect of the Award (without reduction for any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations) determined as of (i) the date the Serious Misconduct occurred and (ii) the date that the repayment request is made. 
 - 13 - 

(i) Serious Misconduct means that you engage in conduct that the Firm reasonably considers, in its sole discretion, to be misconduct sufficient to justify summary termination of employment under English law. 
 (d) A Supervised Employee Engages in Serious Misconduct . If the Committee determines that it is appropriate to hold you accountable in whole or in part for Serious Misconduct related to compliance, control or risk that occurred during ___________________ by a Supervised Employee, your rights in respect of all or a portion of your RSUs (whether or not Vested) will terminate and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs and your rights to all or a portion of any Shares at Risk will terminate and such Shares at Risk will be cancelled. 
 (i) Supervised Employee means an individual with respect to whom the Committee determines you had supervisory responsibility as a result of direct or indirect reporting lines or your management responsibility for an office, division or business. 
 (a) Certain Definitions . 
 (i) Applicable End Date means, with respect to each classification in the table below, the following 
 Classification Applicable End Date GSAMI MRT GSAMI Senior MRT UK MRT 
 
 (ii) GSAMI MRT means an individual other than a GSAMI Senior MRT or UK MRT who, at any point in ____ , was classified by the Firm as a GSAMI Material Risk Taker in accordance with the remuneration code under the UK Investment Firms Prudential Regime IFPR ). 
 (iii) GSAMI Senior MRT means an individual other than a UK MRT who, at any point in ____ , was classified by the Firm as a GSAMI Senior Material Risk Taker in accordance with the remuneration code under the IFPR. 
 (iv) UK MRT means an individual who, at any point in ____ , was classified by the Firm as a Material Risk Taker in accordance with the remuneration codes applicable to dual-regulated UK firms. 
 (v) For purposes of these definitions, if during ____ you were classified by the Firm as any combination of GSAMI MRT or GSAMI Senior MRT and UK MRT then your classification in the table above is UK MRT or as a combination of GSAMI MRT and GSAMI Senior MRT then your classification in the table above is GSAMI Senior MRT. 
 Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan, this Award Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement you may have with the Firm, the parties agree that to the extent that there is any dispute arising out of or relating to the payment required by Paragraphs (b) and (c) of this Appendix (including your refusal to remit payment) the parties will submit to arbitration in accordance with Paragraph 15 16 of this Award Agreement and Section 3.17 of the Plan as the sole means of resolution of such dispute (including the recovery by the Firm of the payment amount). 
 
 - 14 - 

Definitions Appendix 
 
 The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the following meanings 
 (a) 409A Deferred Compensation means a deferral of compensation or deferred compensation as those terms are defined in the regulations under Section 409A. 
 (b) Approved Termination means that you are classified by the Firm as a fixed-term employee and you (i) successfully complete the fixed-term engagement, as determined by the Firm in its sole discretion, including remaining Employed through the completion date specified by the Firm, and (ii) terminate Employment immediately after the completion date without any stay-on or other agreement or understanding to continue Employment with the Firm. If you agree to stay with the Firm as an employee after your fixed-term engagement ends and then later terminate Employment, you will not have an Approved Termination. 
 (c) Associate With a Covered Enterprise means that you (i) form, or acquire a 5 or greater equity ownership, voting or profit participation interest in, any Covered Enterprise or (ii) associate in any capacity (including association as an officer, employee, partner, director, consultant, agent or advisor) with any Covered Enterprise. Associate With a Covered Enterprise may include, as determined in the discretion of either the Committee or the SIP Committee, (i) becoming the subject of any publicly available announcement or report of a pending or future association with a Covered Enterprise and (ii) unpaid associations, including an association in contemplation of future employment. Association With a Covered Enterprise will have its correlative meaning. 
 (d) Conflicted Employment means your employment at any U.S. Federal, state or local government, any non-U.S. government, any supranational or international organization, any self-regulatory organization, or any agency or instrumentality of any such government or organization, or any other employer (other than an Accounting Firm within the meaning of SEC Rule 2-01(f)(2) of Regulation S-X or any successor thereto) determined by the Committee, if, as a result of such employment, your continued holding of any Outstanding RSUs and Shares at Risk would result in an actual or perceived conflict of interest. 
 (e) Covered Enterprise means a Competitive Enterprise and any other existing or planned business enterprise that (i) offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer products or services that are the same as or similar to those offered by the Firm or that the Firm reasonably expects to offer Firm Products or Services or (ii) engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in any other activity that is the same as or similar to any financial activity engaged in by the Firm or in which the Firm reasonably expects to engage Firm Activities ). For the avoidance of doubt, Firm Activities include any activity that requires the same or similar skills as any financial activity engaged in by the Firm or in which the Firm reasonably expects to engage, irrespective of whether any such financial activity is in furtherance of an advisory, agency, proprietary or fiduciary undertaking. 
 The enterprises covered by this definition include enterprises that offer, hold themselves out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer Firm Products or Services, or engage in, hold themselves out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in Firm Activities directly, as well as those that do so indirectly by ownership or control e.g. , by owning, being owned by or by being under common ownership with an enterprise that offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer Firm Products or Services or that engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in Firm Activities). The definition of Covered Enterprise includes, solely by way of example, any enterprise that offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer any product or service, or engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in any activity, in any case, associated with investment banking public or private finance lending financial advisory services private investing for anyone other than you or your family members (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any type of proprietary investing or trading) private wealth management private banking consumer or commercial cash management consumer, digital or commercial banking merchant banking asset, portfolio or hedge fund management insurance or reinsurance underwriting or brokerage property management or securities, futures, commodities, energy, 
 - 15 - 

derivatives, currency or digital asset brokerage, sales, lending, custody, clearance, settlement or trading. An enterprise that offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer Firm Products or Services, or engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in Firm Activities is a Covered Enterprise , irrespective of whether the enterprise is a customer, client or counterparty of the Firm or is otherwise associated with the Firm and, because the Firm is a global enterprise, irrespective of where the Covered Enterprise is physically located. 
 (f) Failed to Consider Risk means that you participated (or otherwise oversaw or were responsible for, depending on the circumstances, another individual s participation) in the structuring or marketing of any product or service, or participated on behalf of the Firm or any of its clients in the purchase or sale of any security or other property, in any case without appropriate consideration of the risk to the Firm or the broader financial system as a whole (for example, where you have improperly analyzed such risk or where you have failed sufficiently to raise concerns about such risk) and, as a result of such action or omission, the Committee determines there has been, or reasonably could be expected to be, a material adverse impact on the Firm, your business unit or the broader financial system. 
 (g) Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control means that the Firm terminates your Employment other than for Cause or you terminate your Employment for Good Reason, in each case, within 18 months following a Change in Control. 
 (h) SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 (i) Selected Firm Personnel means any individual who is or in the three months preceding the conduct prohibited by Paragraph 8 9 (b) (i) was (i) a Firm employee or consultant with whom you personally worked while employed by the Firm, (ii) a Firm employee or consultant who, at any time during the year preceding the date of the termination of your Employment, worked in the same division in which you worked or (iii) an Advisory Director, a Managing Director or a Senior Advisor of the Firm. 
 (j) Shares at Risk means RSU Shares subject to Transfer Restrictions. 
 - 16 - 

The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the meanings that are assigned to them in the Plan. 
 (a) Account means any brokerage account, custody account or similar account, as approved or required by GS Inc. from time to time, into which shares of Common Stock, cash or other property in respect of an Award are delivered. 
 (b) Award Agreement means the written document or documents by which each Award is evidenced, including any related Award Statement and signature card. 
 (c) Award Statement means a written statement that reflects certain Award terms. 
 (d) Board means the Board of Directors of GS Inc. 
 (e) Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or obligated by Federal law or executive order to be closed. 
 (f) Cause means (i) the Grantee s conviction, whether following trial or by plea of guilty or nolo contendere (or similar plea), in a criminal proceeding (A) on a misdemeanor charge involving fraud, false statements or misleading omissions, wrongful taking, embezzlement, bribery, forgery, counterfeiting or extortion, or (B) on a felony charge, or (C) on an equivalent charge to those in clauses (A) and (B) in jurisdictions which do not use those designations, (ii) the Grantee s engaging in any conduct which constitutes an employment disqualification under applicable law (including statutory disqualification as defined under the Exchange Act), (iii) the Grantee s willful failure to perform the Grantee s duties to the Firm, (iv) the Grantee s violation of any securities or commodities laws, any rules or regulations issued pursuant to such laws, or the rules and regulations of any securities or commodities exchange or association of which the Firm is a member, (v) the Grantee s violation of any Firm policy concerning hedging or pledging or confidential or proprietary information, or the Grantee s material violation of any other Firm policy as in effect from time to time, (vi) the Grantee s engaging in any act or making any statement which impairs, impugns, denigrates, disparages or negatively reflects upon the name, reputation or business interests of the Firm or (vii) the Grantee s engaging in any conduct detrimental to the Firm. The determination as to whether Cause has occurred shall be made by the Committee in its sole discretion and, in such case, the Committee also may, but shall not be required to, specify the date such Cause occurred (including by determining that a prior termination of Employment was for Cause). Any rights the Firm may have hereunder and in any Award Agreement in respect of the events giving rise to Cause shall be in addition to the rights the Firm may have under any other agreement with a Grantee or at law or in equity. 
 (g) Certificate means a stock certificate (or other appropriate document or evidence of ownership) representing shares of Common Stock. 
 (h) Change in Control means the consummation of a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving GS Inc. (a Reorganization or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of GS Inc. s assets to an entity that is not an affiliate of GS Inc. (a Sale ), that in each case requires the approval of GS Inc. s shareholders under the law of GS Inc. s jurisdiction of organization, whether for such Reorganization or Sale (or the issuance of securities of GS Inc. in such Reorganization or Sale), unless immediately following such Reorganization or Sale, either (i) at least 50 of the total voting power (in respect of the election of directors, or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of (A) the entity resulting from such Reorganization, or the entity which has acquired all or substantially all of the assets of GS Inc. in a Sale (in either case, the Surviving Entity ), or (B) if applicable, the ultimate parent entity that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, as such Rule is in effect on the date of the adoption of the 1999 SIP) of 50 or more of the total voting power (in respect of the election of directors, or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of the Surviving Entity (the Parent Entity is represented by GS Inc. s securities (the GS Inc. Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to such Reorganization or Sale (or, if applicable, is represented by shares into which such GS Inc. Securities were converted pursuant to such Reorganization or Sale) or (ii) at least 
 - 17 - 

50 of the members of the board of directors (or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of the Parent Entity (or, if there is no Parent Entity, the Surviving Entity) following the consummation of the Reorganization or Sale were, at the time of the Board s approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Reorganization or Sale, individuals (the Incumbent Directors who either (A) were members of the Board on the Effective Date or (B) became directors subsequent to the Effective Date and whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of GS Inc. s proxy statement in which such persons are named as nominees for director). 
 (i) Client means any client or prospective client of the Firm to whom the Grantee provided services, or for whom the Grantee transacted business, or whose identity became known to the Grantee in connection with the Grantee s relationship with or employment by the Firm. 
 (j) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rulings and regulations thereunder. 
 (k) Committee means the committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan pursuant to Section 1.3, and, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for the compensation realized from Awards under the Plan to be considered performance based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is an outside director within the meaning of Code Section 162(m), and which, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for Awards under the Plan to qualify for the exemption available under Rule 16b-3(d)(1) or Rule 16b-3(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Committee shall be the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 (l) Common Stock means common stock of GS Inc., par value 0.01 per share. 
 (m) Competitive Enterprise means an existing or planned business enterprise that (i) engages, or may reasonably be expected to engage, in any activity (ii) owns or controls, or may reasonably be expected to own or control, a significant interest in any entity that engages in any activity or (iii) is, or may reasonably be expected to be, owned by, or a significant interest in which is, or may reasonably be expected to be, owned or controlled by, any entity that engages in any activity that, in any case, competes or will compete anywhere with any activity in which the Firm is engaged. The activities covered by this definition include, without limitation financial services such as investment banking public or private finance lending financial advisory services private investing for anyone other than the Grantee and members of the Grantee s family (including for the avoidance of doubt, any type of proprietary investing or trading) private wealth management private banking consumer or commercial cash management consumer, digital or commercial banking merchant banking asset, portfolio or hedge fund management insurance or reinsurance underwriting or brokerage property management or securities, futures, commodities, energy, derivatives, currency or digital asset brokerage, sales, lending, custody, clearance, settlement or trading. 
 (n) Covered Person means a member of the Board or the Committee or any employee of the Firm. 
 (o) Date of Grant means the date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as the date of grant of the Award. 
 (p) Delivery Date means each date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as a delivery date, provided , unless the Committee determines otherwise, such date is during a Window Period or, if such date is not during a Window Period, the first trading day of the first Window Period beginning after such date. 
 (q) Dividend Equivalent Right means a dividend equivalent right granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay to the Grantee amounts equal to all or any 
 - 18 - 

portion of the regular cash dividends that would be paid on shares of Common Stock covered by an Award if such shares had been delivered pursuant to an Award. 
 (r) Effective Date means the date this Plan is approved by the shareholders of GS Inc. pursuant to Section 3.15 of the Plan. 
 (s) Employment means the Grantee s performance of services for the Firm, as determined by the Committee. The terms employ and employed shall have their correlative meanings. The Committee in its sole discretion may determine (i) whether and when a Grantee s leave of absence results in a termination of Employment (for this purpose, unless the Committee determines otherwise, a Grantee shall be treated as terminating Employment with the Firm upon the occurrence of an Extended Absence), (ii) whether and when a change in a Grantee s association with the Firm results in a termination of Employment and (iii) the impact, if any, of any such leave of absence or change in association on Awards theretofore made. Unless expressly provided otherwise, any references in the Plan or any Award Agreement to a Grantee s Employment being terminated shall include both voluntary and involuntary terminations. 
 (t) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
 (u) Extended Absence means the Grantee s inability to perform for six (6) continuous months, due to illness, injury or pregnancy-related complications, substantially all the essential duties of the Grantee s occupation, as determined by the Committee. 
 (v) Firm means GS Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 (w) Good Reason means, in connection with a termination of employment by a Grantee following a Change in Control, (a) as determined by the Committee, a materially adverse alteration in the Grantee s position or in the nature or status of the Grantee s responsibilities from those in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control or (b) the Firm s requiring the Grantee s principal place of Employment to be located more than seventy-five (75) miles from the location where the Grantee is principally Employed at the time of the Change in Control (except for required travel on the Firm s business to an extent substantially consistent with the Grantee s customary business travel obligations in the ordinary course of business prior to the Change in Control). 
 (x) Grantee means a person who receives an Award. 
 (y) GS Inc. means The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 (z) 1999 SIP means The Goldman Sachs 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, as in effect prior to the effective date of the 2003 SIP. 
 (aa) Outstanding means any Award to the extent it has not been forfeited, cancelled, terminated, exercised or with respect to which the shares of Common Stock underlying the Award have not been previously delivered or other payments made. 
 (ab) Restricted Share means a share of Common Stock delivered under the Plan that is subject to Transfer Restrictions, forfeiture provisions and or other terms and conditions specified herein and in the Restricted Share Award Agreement or other applicable Award Agreement. All references to Restricted Shares include Shares at Risk. 
 (ac) Retirement means termination of the Grantee s Employment (other than for Cause) on or after the Date of Grant at a time when (i) (A) the sum of the Grantee s age plus years of service with the Firm (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) equals or exceeds 60 and (B) the Grantee has completed at least 10 years of service with the Firm (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) or, if earlier, (ii) (A) the Grantee has attained age 50 and (B) the Grantee has completed at least five years of service with the Firm (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion). 
 - 19 - 

(ad) RSU means a restricted stock unit granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the RSU Award Agreement. 
 (ae) RSU Shares means shares of Common Stock that underlie an RSU. 
 (af) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, including any amendments or successor provisions to that Section and any regulations and other administrative guidance thereunder, in each case as they, from time to time, may be amended or interpreted through further administrative guidance. 
 (ag) SIP Administrator means each person designated by the Committee as a SIP Administrator with the authority to perform day-to-day administrative functions for the Plan. 
 (ah) SIP Committee means the persons who have been delegated certain authority under the Plan by the Committee. 
 (ai) Solicit means any direct or indirect communication of any kind whatsoever, regardless of by whom initiated, inviting, advising, suggesting, encouraging or requesting any person or entity, in any manner, to take or refrain from taking any action. The terms Solicited, Soliciting and Solicitation will have their correlative meanings. 
 (aj) Transfer Restrictions means restrictions that prohibit the sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, fractionalization, hedge or other disposal (including through the use of any cash-settled instrument), whether voluntarily or involuntarily by the Grantee, of an Award or any shares of Common Stock, cash or other property delivered in respect of an Award. 
 (ak) Transferability Date means the date Transfer Restrictions on a Restricted Share will be released. Within 30 Business Days after the applicable Transferability Date, GS Inc. shall take, or shall cause to be taken, such steps as may be necessary to remove Transfer Restrictions. 
 (al) Vested means, with respect to an Award, the portion of the Award that is not subject to a condition that the Grantee remain actively employed by the Firm in order for the Award to remain Outstanding. The fact that an Award becomes Vested shall not mean or otherwise indicate that the Grantee has an unconditional or nonforfeitable right to such Award, and such Award shall remain subject to such terms, conditions and forfeiture provisions as may be provided for in the Plan or in the Award Agreement. 
 (am) Vesting Date means each date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as a date on which part or all of an Award becomes Vested. 
 (an) Window Period means a period designated by the Firm during which all employees of the Firm are permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock provided that, if the Grantee is a member of a designated group of employees who are subject to different restrictions, the Window Period may be a period designated by the Firm during which an employee of the Firm in such designated group is permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock). 
 - 20 - 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-10.34>
 6
 a1034_formxofxyear-endxrsu.htm
 EX-10.34

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.34 

 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. ____ Year-End RSU Award 
 This Award Agreement, together with The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (2021) (the Plan ), governs your ____ year-end award of RSUs (your Award ). You should read carefully this entire Award Agreement, which includes the Award Statement, any attached Appendix and the signature card. 
 Acceptance 
 1. You Must Decide Whether to Accept this Award Agreement . To be eligible to receive your Award, you must by the date specified (a) open and activate an Account and (b) agree to all the terms of your Award by executing the related signature card in accordance with its instructions. By executing the signature card, you confirm your agreement to all of the terms of this Award Agreement, including the arbitration and choice of forum provisions in Paragraph 16. 
 Documents that Govern Your Award Definitions 
 2. The Plan . Your Award is granted under the Plan, and the Plan s terms apply to, and are a part of, this Award Agreement. 
 3. Your Award Statement . The Award Statement delivered to you contains some of your Award s specific terms. For example, it contains the number of RSUs awarded to you and any applicable Vesting Dates, Delivery Dates and Transferability Dates. 
 4. Definitions . Unless otherwise defined herein, including in the Definitions Appendix or any other Appendix, capitalized terms have the meanings provided in the Plan. 
 Vesting of Your RSUs 
 5. Vesting . On each Vesting Date listed on your Award Statement, you will become Vested in the amount of Outstanding RSUs listed next to that date. When an RSU becomes Vested, it means only that your continued active Employment is not required for delivery of that portion of RSU Shares. Vesting does not mean you have a non-forfeitable right to the Vested portion of your Award. The terms of this Award Agreement (including conditions to delivery and any applicable Transfer Restrictions) continue to apply to Vested RSUs, and you can still forfeit Vested RSUs and any RSU Shares. 
 Delivery of Your RSU Shares 
 6. Delivery . Reasonably promptly (but no more than 30 Business Days) after each Delivery Date listed on your Award Statement, RSU Shares (less applicable withholding as described in Paragraph 13(a)) will be delivered (by book entry credit to your Account) in respect of the amount of Outstanding RSUs listed next to that date. The Committee or the SIP Committee may select multiple dates within the 30-Business-Day period following the Delivery Date to deliver RSU Shares in respect of all or a portion of the RSUs with the same Delivery Date listed on the Award Statement, and all such dates will be treated as a single Delivery Date for purposes of this Award. Until such delivery, you have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor, and no rights as a shareholder of GS Inc. Without limiting the Committee s authority under Section 1.3.2(h) of the Plan, the Firm may accelerate any Delivery Date by up to 30 days. 

Transfer Restrictions Following Delivery 
 7. Transfer Restrictions and Shares at Risk . ___ percent of the RSU Shares that are delivered on any date will be Shares at Risk subject to Transfer Restrictions until the applicable Transferability Date listed on your Award Statement . Any purported sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, fractionalization, hedge or other disposition in violation of the Transfer Restrictions on Shares at Risk will be void. Within 30 Business Days after the applicable Transferability Date listed on your Award Statement (or any other date on which the Transfer Restrictions are to be removed), GS Inc. will remove the Transfer Restrictions. The Committee or the SIP Committee may select multiple dates within such 30-Business-Day period on which to remove Transfer Restrictions for all or a portion of the Shares at Risk with the same Transferability Date listed on the Award Statement, and all such dates will be treated as a single Transferability Date for purposes of this Award. 
 Dividends 
 8. Dividend Equivalent Rights and Dividends . Each RSU includes a Dividend Equivalent Right, which entitles you to receive an amount (less applicable withholding), at or after the time of distribution of any regular cash dividend paid by GS Inc. in respect of a share of Common Stock, equal to any regular cash dividend payment that would have been made in respect of an RSU Share underlying your Outstanding RSUs for any record date that occurs on or after the Date of Grant. In addition, you will be entitled to receive on a current basis any regular cash dividend paid in respect of your Shares at Risk. 
 Forfeiture of Your Award 
 9. How You May Forfeit Your Award . This Paragraph 9 sets forth the events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your RSUs and Shares at Risk and may require repayment to the Firm of up to all other amounts previously delivered or paid to you under your Award in accordance with Paragraph 10. More than one event may apply, and in no case will the occurrence of one event limit the forfeiture and repayment obligations as a result of the occurrence of any other event. In addition, the Firm reserves the right to (a) suspend vesting of Outstanding RSUs, payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights, delivery of RSU Shares or release of Transfer Restrictions, (b) deliver any RSU Shares, dividends or payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights into an escrow account in accordance with Paragraph 13(f)(v) or (c) apply Transfer Restrictions to any RSU Shares in connection with any investigation of whether any of the events that result in forfeiture under the Plan or this Paragraph 9 have occurred. Paragraph 11 (relating to certain circumstances under which you will not forfeit your unvested RSUs upon Employment termination) and Paragraph 12 (relating to certain circumstances under which vesting, delivery and or release of Transfer Restrictions may be accelerated) provide for exceptions to one or more provisions of this Paragraph 9. 
 (a) Unvested RSUs Forfeited if Your Employment Terminates . If your Employment terminates for any reason or you are otherwise no longer actively Employed with the Firm (which includes off-premises notice periods, garden leaves, pay in lieu of notice or any other similar status), your rights to your Outstanding RSUs that are not Vested will terminate, and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs. 
 (b) Vested and Unvested RSUs Forfeited if You Solicit Clients or Employees, Interfere with Client or Employee Relationships or Participate in the Hiring of Employees Upon Certain Events . If any of the following occurs before the applicable Delivery Date, except as prohibited by applicable law your rights to all of your Outstanding RSUs (whether or not Vested) will terminate, and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs 
 (i) You Solicit Clients or Employees, Interfere with Client or Employee Relationships or Participate in the Hiring of Employees. Either 
 (A) you, in any manner, directly or indirectly, (A) (1) Solicit any Client to transact business with a Covered Enterprise or to reduce or refrain from doing any business with the Firm, (B) (2) interfere with or damage (or attempt to interfere with or damage) any relationship between the Firm and any Client, (C) (3) Solicit any person who is 
 - 2 

an employee of the Firm to resign from the Firm, (D) (4) Solicit any Selected Firm Personnel to apply for or accept employment (or other association) with any person or entity other than the Firm or (E) (5) participate in the hiring of any Selected Firm Personnel by any person or entity other than the Firm (including, without limitation, participating in the identification of individuals for potential hire, and participating in any hiring decision), whether as an employee or consultant or otherwise, or 
 (B) Selected Firm Personnel are Solicited, hired or accepted into partnership, membership or similar status by any entity where you have, or will have, direct or indirect managerial responsibility for such Selected Firm Personnel, unless the Committee determines that you were not involved in such Solicitation, hiring or acceptance. 
 (ii) GS Inc. Fails to Maintain the Minimum Tier 1 Capital Ratio . GS Inc. fails to maintain the required Minimum Tier 1 Capital Ratio as defined under Federal Reserve Board Regulations applicable to GS Inc. for a period of 90 consecutive business days. 
 (iii) GS Inc. Is Determined to Be in Default . The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC makes a written recommendation under Title II (Orderly Liquidation Authority) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act for the appointment of the FDIC as a receiver of GS Inc. based on a determination that GS Inc. is in default or in danger of default. 
 (c) Vested and Unvested RSUs and Shares at Risk Forfeited upon Certain Events . If any of the following occurs (i) your rights to all of your Outstanding RSUs (whether or not Vested) will terminate, and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs and (ii) your rights to all of your Shares at Risk will terminate and your Shares at Risk will be cancelled, in each case, as may be further described below 
 (i) You Failed to Consider Risk . You Failed to Consider Risk during __________. 
 (ii) Your Conduct Constitutes Cause . Any event that constitutes Cause has occurred before the applicable Delivery Date for RSUs or the applicable Transferability Date for Shares at Risk. 
 (iii) You Do Not Meet Your Obligations to the Firm . The Committee determines that, before the applicable Delivery Date for RSUs or the applicable Transferability Date for Shares at Risk, you failed to meet, in any respect, any obligation under any agreement with the Firm, or any agreement entered into in connection with your Employment or this Award, including the Firm s notice period requirement applicable to you, any offer letter, employment agreement or any shareholders agreement relating to the Firm. Your failure to pay or reimburse the Firm, on demand, for any amount you owe to the Firm will constitute (A) failure to meet an obligation you have under an agreement, regardless of whether such obligation arises under a written agreement, and or (B) a material violation of Firm policy constituting Cause. 
 (iv) You Do Not Provide Timely Certifications or Comply with Your Certifications . You fail to certify to GS Inc. that you have complied with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement, or the Committee determines that you have failed to comply with a term of the Plan or this Award Agreement to which you have certified compliance. 
 - 3 

(v) You Do Not Follow Dispute Resolution Arbitration Procedures . You attempt to have any dispute under the Plan or this Award Agreement resolved in any manner that is not provided for by Paragraph 16 or Section 3.17 of the Plan, or you attempt to arbitrate a dispute without first having exhausted your internal administrative remedies in accordance with Paragraph 13(f)(viii). 
 (vi) You Bring an Action that Results in a Determination that Any Award Agreement Term Is Invalid . As a result of any action brought by you, it is determined that any term of this Award Agreement is invalid. 
 (vii) You Receive Compensation in Respect of Your Award from Another Employer . Your Employment terminates for any reason or you otherwise are no longer actively Employed with the Firm and another entity grants you cash, equity or other property (whether vested or unvested) to replace, substitute for or otherwise in respect of any Outstanding RSUs or Shares at Risk provided , however , that your rights will only be terminated in respect of the RSUs and Shares at Risk that are replaced, substituted for or otherwise considered by such other entity in making its grant. 
 Repayment of Your Award 
 10. When You May Be Required to Repay Your Award . If the Committee determines that any term of this Award was not satisfied, you will be required, immediately upon demand therefor, to repay to the Firm the following 
 (a) Any RSU Shares (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes any Shares at Risk) for which the terms (including the terms for delivery) of the related RSUs were not satisfied, in accordance with Section 2.6.3 of the Plan. 
 (b) Any Shares at Risk for which the terms (including the terms for the release of Transfer Restrictions) were not satisfied, in accordance with Section 2.5.3 of the Plan. 
 (c) Any RSU Shares that were delivered (but not subject to Transfer Restrictions) at the same time any Shares at Risk that are cancelled or required to be repaid were delivered. 
 (d) Any payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights for which the terms were not satisfied (including any such payments made in respect of RSUs that are forfeited or RSU Shares that are cancelled or required to be repaid), in accordance with Section 2.8.3 of the Plan. 
 (e) Any dividends paid in respect of any RSU Shares that are cancelled or required to be repaid. 
 (f) Any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations with respect to any RSUs, RSU Shares, dividend payments and payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights that are forfeited or required to be repaid. 
 Exceptions to the Vesting, Delivery and or Transferability Dates 
 11. Circumstances Under Which You Will Not Forfeit Your Unvested RSUs on Employment Termination (but the Original Delivery Date and Transferability Date Continue to Apply) . If your Employment terminates at a time when you meet the requirements for Extended Absence, Retirement , or downsizing or Approved Termination , each as described below, then Paragraph 9(a) will not apply, and your Outstanding RSUs will be treated as described in this Paragraph 11. All other terms of this Award Agreement, including the other forfeiture and repayment events in Paragraphs 9 and 10, continue to apply. 
 (a) Extended Absence or Retirement and No Association With a Covered Enterprise . 
 - 4 

(i) Generally . If your Employment terminates by Extended Absence or Retirement, your Outstanding RSUs that are not Vested will be treated as Vested. However, your rights to any Outstanding RSU that are treated as Vested by this Paragraph 11(a)(i) will terminate and no RSU Share will be delivered in respect of that RSU if you Associate With a Covered Enterprise on or before the originally scheduled Vesting Date for that RSU . You acknowledge and agree that if any portion of the preceding sentence is unenforceable under applicable law, or is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Paragraph 11(a)(i) is inapplicable to you and your rights to any Outstanding RSUs that were treated as Vested or otherwise would have been treated as Vested because of Extended Absence or Retirement will be cancelled. 
 (ii) Special Treatment for Involuntary or Mutual Agreement Termination . The second sentence of Paragraph 11(a)(i) (relating to forfeiture if you Associate With a Covered Enterprise) will not apply if (A) the Firm characterizes your Employment termination as involuntary or by mutual agreement (and, in each case, you have not engaged in conduct constituting Cause) and (B) you execute a general waiver and release of claims and an agreement to pay any associated tax liability, in each case, in the form the Firm prescribes. No Employment termination that you initiate, including any purported constructive termination, a termination for good reason or similar concepts, can be involuntary or by mutual agreement. 
 (b) Downsizing . If (i) the Firm terminates your Employment solely by reason of a downsizing (and you have not engaged in conduct constituting Cause) and (ii) you execute a general waiver and release of claims and an agreement to pay any associated tax liability, in each case, in the form the Firm prescribes, your Outstanding RSUs that are not yet Vested will become Vested. Whether or not your Employment is terminated solely by reason of a downsizing will be determined by the Firm in its sole discretion. 
 (c) Approved Terminations of Fixed-Term Employees . If the Firm classifies you as a fixed-term employee and your Employment terminates solely by reason of an Approved Termination (and you have not engaged in conduct constituting Cause), your Outstanding RSUs that are not yet Vested will become Vested. 
 12. Accelerated Vesting, Delivery and or Release of Transfer Restrictions in the Event of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, Conflicted Employment or Death . In the event of your Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, Conflicted Employment or death, each as described below, then Paragraph 9(a) will not apply, your Outstanding RSUs and Shares at Risk will be treated as described in this Paragraph 12, and, except as set forth in Paragraph 12(a), all other terms of this Award Agreement, including the other forfeiture and repayment events in Paragraphs 9 and 10, continue to apply. 
 (a) You Have a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control . If your Employment terminates when you meet the requirements of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, the RSU Shares underlying your Outstanding RSUs (whether or not Vested) will be delivered, and any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply. In addition, the forfeiture events in Paragraph 9 will not apply to your Award. 
 (b) You Are Determined to Have Accepted Conflicted Employment . 
 (i) Generally . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or otherwise, for purposes of this Award Agreement, Conflicted Employment means your employment at any U.S. Federal, state or local government, any non-U.S. government, any supranational or international organization, any self-regulatory organization, or any agency or instrumentality of any such government or organization, or any other employer (other than an Accounting Firm within the meaning of SEC Rule 2-01(f)(2) of Regulation S-X or any successor thereto) determined by the Committee, if, as a result of such employment, your continued holding of any Outstanding RSUs and Shares at Risk would result in an actual or perceived conflict of interest. Unless prohibited by applicable law or regulation, the following 
 - 5 

will apply as soon as practicable after the Committee has received satisfactory documentation relating to your Conflicted Employment. 
 (A) Vesting . If your Employment terminates solely because you resign to accept Conflicted Employment and you have completed at least three years of continuous service with the Firm, your Outstanding RSUs will Vest otherwise, you will forfeit any Outstanding RSUs that are not Vested in accordance with Paragraph 9(a). 
 (B) Delivery and Release of Transfer Restrictions . If your Employment terminates solely because you resign to accept Conflicted Employment or if, following your termination of Employment, you notify the Firm that you are accepting Conflicted Employment, RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of your Outstanding Vested RSUs (including in the form of cash as described in Paragraph 13(b)) and any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply. 
 (ii) You May Have to Take Other Steps to Address Conflicts of Interest . The Committee retains the authority to exercise its rights under the Award Agreement or the Plan (including Section 1.3.2 of the Plan) to take or require you to take other steps it determines in its sole discretion to be necessary or appropriate to cure an actual or perceived conflict of interest (which may include a determination that the accelerated vesting, delivery and or release of Transfer Restrictions described in Paragraph 12(b)(i) will not apply because such actions are not necessary or appropriate to cure an actual or perceived conflict of interest). 
 (c) Death . If you die, the RSU Shares underlying your Outstanding RSUs (whether or not Vested) will be delivered to your Account and any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply as soon as practicable after the date of death and after such documentation as may be requested by the Committee is provided to the Committee. 
 Other Terms, Conditions and Agreements 
 13. Additional Terms, Conditions and Agreements . 
 (a) You Must Satisfy Applicable Tax Withholding Requirements . Delivery of RSU Shares is conditioned on your satisfaction of any applicable withholding taxes in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Plan, which includes the Firm deducting or withholding amounts from any payment or distribution to you. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Firm, in its sole discretion, may require you to provide amounts equal to all or a portion of any Federal, state, local, foreign or other tax obligations imposed on you or the Firm in connection with the grant, Vesting or delivery of this Award by requiring you to choose between remitting the amount (i) in cash (or through payroll deduction or otherwise) or (ii) in the form of proceeds from the Firm s executing a sale of RSU Shares delivered to you under this Award. In no event, however, does this Paragraph 13(a) give you any discretion to determine or affect the timing of the delivery of RSU Shares or the timing of payment of tax obligations. 
 (b) Firm May Deliver Cash or Other Property Instead of RSU Shares . In accordance with Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, in the sole discretion of the Committee, in lieu of all or any portion of the RSU Shares, the Firm may deliver cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property, and all references in this Award Agreement to deliveries of RSU Shares will include such deliveries of cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property. 
 (c) Amounts May Be Rounded to Avoid Fractional Shares . RSUs that become Vested on a Vesting Date, RSU Shares that become deliverable on a Delivery Date and RSU Shares subject to Transfer Restrictions may, in each case, be rounded to avoid fractional Shares. 
 (d) You May Be Required to Become a Party to the Shareholders Agreement . Your rights to your RSUs are conditioned on your becoming a party to any shareholders agreement to 
 - 6 

which other similarly situated employees e.g ., employees with a similar title or position) of the Firm are required to be a party. 
 (e) Firm May Affix Legends and Place Stop Orders on Restricted RSU Shares . GS Inc. may affix to Certificates representing RSU Shares any legend that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable (including to reflect any restrictions to which you may be subject under a separate agreement). GS Inc. may advise the transfer agent to place a stop order against any legended RSU Shares. 
 (f) You Agree to Certain Consents, Terms and Conditions . By accepting this Award you understand and agree that 
 (i) You Agree to Certain Consents as a Condition to the Award . You have expressly consented to all of the items listed in Section 3.3.3(d) of the Plan, including the Firm s supplying to any third-party recordkeeper of the Plan or other person such personal information of yours as the Committee deems advisable to administer the Plan, and you agree to provide any additional consents that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable 
 (ii) You Are Subject to the Firm s Policies, Rules and Procedures . You are subject to the Firm s policies in effect from time to time concerning trading in RSU Shares and hedging or pledging RSU Shares and equity-based compensation or other awards (including, without limitation, the Firmwide Policy with Respect to Personal Transactions Involving GS Securities and GS Equity Awards or any successor policies), and confidential or proprietary information, and you will effect sales of RSU Shares in accordance with such rules and procedures as may be adopted from time to time (which may include, without limitation, restrictions relating to the timing of sale requests, the manner in which sales are executed, pricing method, consolidation or aggregation of orders and volume limits determined by the Firm) 
 (iii) You Are Responsible for Costs Associated with Your Award . You will be responsible for all brokerage costs and other fees or expenses associated with your RSUs, including those related to the sale of RSU Shares 
 (iv) You Will Be Deemed to Represent Your Compliance with All the Terms of Your Award if You Accept Delivery of, or Sell, RSU Shares . You will be deemed to have represented and certified that you have complied with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement when RSU Shares are delivered to you, you receive payment in respect of Dividend Equivalent Rights and you request the sale of RSU Shares following the release of Transfer Restrictions 
 (v) Firm May Deliver Your Award into an Escrow Account . The Firm may establish and maintain an escrow account on such terms (which may include your executing any documents related to, and your paying for any costs associated with, such account) as it may deem necessary or appropriate, and the delivery of RSU Shares (including Shares at Risk) or the payment of cash (including dividends and payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights) or other property may initially be made into and held in that escrow account until such time as the Committee has received such documentation as it may have requested or until the Committee has determined that any other conditions or restrictions on delivery of RSU Shares, cash or other property required by this Award Agreement have been satisfied 
 (vi) You May Be Required to Certify Compliance with Award Terms You Are Responsible for Providing the Firm with Updated Address and Contact Information After Your Departure from the Firm . If your Employment terminates while you continue to hold RSUs or Shares at Risk, from time to time, you may be required to provide certifications of your compliance with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement as described in Paragraph 9(c)(iv). You understand and agree that (A) your address on file with the Firm at the time any certification is required will be deemed to be your current address, (B) it is your responsibility to inform the Firm of any changes to your address to ensure timely receipt of the certification materials, (C) you are responsible for contacting the Firm to obtain such certification materials if 
 - 7 

not received and (D) your failure to return properly completed certification materials by the specified deadline (which includes your failure to timely return the completed certification because you did not provide the Firm with updated contact information) will result in the forfeiture of all of your RSUs and Shares at Risk and subject previously delivered amounts to repayment under Paragraph 9(c)(iv) 
 (vii) You Authorize the Firm to Register, in Its or Its Designee s Name, Any Shares at Risk and Sell, Assign or Transfer Any Forfeited Shares at Risk . You are granting to the Firm the full power and authority to register any Shares at Risk in its or its designee s name and authorizing the Firm or its designee to sell, assign or transfer any Shares at Risk if you forfeit your Shares at Risk 
 (viii) You Must Comply with Applicable Deadlines and Procedures to Appeal Determinations Made by the Committee, the SIP Committee or SIP Administrators . If you disagree with a determination made by the Committee, the SIP Committee, the SIP Administrators, or any of their delegates or designees and you wish to appeal such determination, you must submit a written request to the SIP Committee for review within 180 days after the determination at issue. You must exhaust your internal administrative remedies i.e. , submit your appeal and wait for resolution of that appeal) before seeking to resolve a dispute through arbitration pursuant to Paragraph 16 and Section 3.17 of the Plan and 
 (ix) You Agree that Covered Persons Will Not Have Liability . In addition to and without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 1.3.5 of the Plan, neither the Firm nor any Covered Person will have any liability to you or any other person for any action taken or omitted in respect of this or any other Award. 
 14. Non-transferability . Except as otherwise may be provided in this Paragraph 14 or as otherwise may be provided by the Committee, the limitations on transferability set forth in Section 3.5 of the Plan will apply to this Award. Any purported transfer or assignment in violation of the provisions of this Paragraph 14 or Section 3.5 of the Plan will be void. The Committee may adopt procedures pursuant to which some or all recipients of RSUs may transfer some or all of their RSUs and or Shares at Risk (which will continue to be subject to Transfer Restrictions until the applicable Transferability Date) through a gift for no consideration to any immediate family member, a trust or other estate planning vehicle approved by the Committee or SIP Committee in which the recipient and or the recipient s immediate family members in the aggregate have 100 of the beneficial interest. 
 15. Right of Offset . Except as provided in Paragraph 18(h), the obligation to deliver RSU Shares, to pay dividends or payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights or to remove the Transfer Restrictions under this Award Agreement is subject to Section 3.4 of the Plan, which provides for the Firm s right to offset against such obligation any outstanding amounts you owe to the Firm and any amounts the Committee deems appropriate pursuant to any tax equalization policy or agreement. 
 Arbitration, Choice of Forum and Governing Law 
 16. Arbitration Choice of Forum . 
 (a) By accepting this award, you are indicating that you understand and agree that the arbitration and choice of forum provisions set forth in Section 3.17 of the Plan will apply to this Award to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. These provisions, which are expressly incorporated herein by reference, provide among other things that any dispute, controversy or claim between the Firm and you arising out of or relating to or concerning the Plan or this Award Agreement will be finally settled by arbitration, pursuant to the terms more fully set forth in Section 3.17 of the Plan provided that nothing herein shall preclude you from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any governmental authority, including but not limited to the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and a state or local human rights agency, as well as law enforcement. 
 - 8 

(b) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitrator will have the authority to consider class, collective or representative claims, to order consolidation or to join different claimants or grant relief other than on an individual basis to the individual claimant involved. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any applicable forum rules to the contrary, to the extent there is a question of enforceability of this Award Agreement arising from a challenge to the arbitrator s jurisdiction or to the arbitrability of a claim, it will be decided by a court and not an arbitrator. 
 (d) The Federal Arbitration Act governs interpretation and enforcement of all arbitration provisions under the Plan and this Award Agreement, and all arbitration proceedings thereunder. 
 (e) Nothing in this Award Agreement creates a substantive right to bring a claim under U.S. Federal, state, or local employment laws. 
 (f) By accepting your Award, you irrevocably appoint each General Counsel of GS Inc., or any person whom the General Counsel of GS Inc. designates, as your agent for service of process in connection with any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to or concerning the Plan or any Award which is not arbitrated pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.17.1 of the Plan, who shall promptly advise you of any such service of process. 
 (g) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitrator will have the authority to consider any claim as to which you have not first exhausted your internal administrative remedies in accordance with Paragraph 13(f)(viii). 
 17. Governing Law . This Award will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. 
 Certain Tax Provisions 
 18. Compliance of Award Agreement and Plan with Section 409A . The provisions of this Paragraph 18 apply to you only if you are a U.S. taxpayer. 
 (a) This Award Agreement and the Plan provisions that apply to this Award are intended and will be construed to comply with Section 409A (including the requirements applicable to, or the conditions for exemption from treatment as, 409A Deferred Compensation), whether by reason of short-term deferral treatment or other exceptions or provisions. The Committee will have full authority to give effect to this intent. To the extent necessary to give effect to this intent, in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between the provisions of the Plan (including Sections 1.3.2 and 2.1 thereof) and this Award Agreement, the provisions of this Award Agreement will govern, and in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between this Paragraph 18 and the other provisions of this Award Agreement, this Paragraph 18 will govern. 
 (b) Delivery of RSU Shares will not be delayed beyond the date on which all applicable conditions or restrictions on delivery of RSU Shares required by this Agreement (including those specified in Paragraphs 6, 7, 11(a)(ii), 11(b), 12(c) and 13 and the consents and other items specified in Section 3.3 of the Plan) are satisfied. To the extent that any portion of this Award is intended to satisfy the requirements for short-term deferral treatment under Section 409A, delivery for such portion will occur by the March 15 coinciding with the last day of the applicable short-term deferral period described in Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4) in order for the delivery of RSU Shares to be within the short-term deferral exception unless, in order to permit all applicable conditions or restrictions on delivery to be satisfied, the Committee elects, pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted in accordance with Section 409A, to delay delivery of RSU Shares to a later date within the same calendar year or to such later date as may be permitted under Section 409A, including Reg. 1.409A-3(d). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Award includes a series of installment payments as described in Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii), 
 - 9 

your right to the series of installment payments will be treated as a right to a series of separate payments and not as a right to a single payment. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 13(b) and Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, any securities, other Awards or other property that the Firm may deliver in respect of your RSUs will not have the effect of deferring delivery or payment, income inclusion, or a substantial risk of forfeiture, beyond the date on which such delivery, payment or inclusion would occur or such risk of forfeiture would lapse, with respect to the RSU Shares that would otherwise have been deliverable (unless the Committee elects a later date for this purpose pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted under Section 409A, including and to the extent applicable, the subsequent election provisions of Section 409A(a)(4)(C) of the Code and Reg. 1.409A-2(b)). 
 (d) Notwithstanding the timing provisions of Paragraph 12(c), the delivery of RSU Shares referred to therein will be made after the date of death and during the calendar year that includes the date of death (or on such later date as may be permitted under Section 409A). 
 (e) The timing of delivery or payment pursuant to Paragraph 12(a) will occur on the earlier of (i) the Delivery Date or (ii) a date that is within the calendar year in which the termination of Employment occurs provided , however , that, if you are a specified employee (as defined by the Firm in accordance with Section 409A(a)(2)(i)(B) of the Code), delivery will occur on the earlier of the Delivery Date or (to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A) the date that is six months after your termination of Employment (or, if the latter date is not during a Window Period, the first trading day of the next Window Period). For purposes of Paragraph 12(a), references in this Award Agreement to termination of Employment mean a termination of Employment from the Firm (as defined by the Firm) which is also a separation from service (as defined by the Firm in accordance with Section 409A). 
 (f) Notwithstanding any provision of Paragraph 8 or Section 2.8.2 of the Plan to the contrary, the Dividend Equivalent Rights with respect to each of your Outstanding RSUs will be paid to you within the calendar year that includes the date of distribution of any corresponding regular cash dividends paid by GS Inc. in respect of a share of Common Stock the record date for which occurs on or after the Date of Grant. The payment will be in an amount (less applicable withholding) equal to such regular dividend payment as would have been made in respect of the RSU Shares underlying such Outstanding RSUs. 
 (g) The timing of delivery or payment referred to in Paragraph 12(b)(i) will be the earlier of (i) the Delivery Date or (ii) a date that is within the calendar year in which the Committee receives satisfactory documentation relating to your Conflicted Employment, provided that such delivery or payment will be made, and any Committee action referred to in Paragraph 12(b)(ii) will be taken, only at such time as, and if and to the extent that it, as reasonably determined by the Firm, would not result in the imposition of any additional tax to you under Section 409A. 
 (h) Paragraph 15 and Section 3.4 of the Plan will not apply to Awards that are 409A Deferred Compensation except to the extent permitted under Section 409A. 
 (i) Delivery of RSU Shares in respect of any Award may be made, if and to the extent elected by the Committee, later than the Delivery Date or other date or period specified hereinabove (but, in the case of any Award that constitutes 409A Deferred Compensation, only to the extent that the later delivery is permitted under Section 409A). 
 (j) You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties due pursuant to Section 409A, but in no event will you be permitted to designate, directly or indirectly, the taxable year of the delivery. 
 - 10 

Committee Authority, Amendment, Construction and Regulatory Reporting 
 19. Committee Authority . The Committee has the authority to determine, in its sole discretion, that any event triggering forfeiture or repayment of your Award will not apply, to limit the forfeitures and repayments that result under Paragraphs 9 and 10 and to remove Transfer Restrictions before the applicable Transferability Date. In addition, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may determine whether Paragraphs 11(a)(ii) and 11(b) will apply upon a termination of Employment and whether a termination of Employment constitutes an Approved Termination under Paragraph 11(c) . 
 20. Amendment . The Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms of this Award Agreement, and the Board may amend the Plan in any respect provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing and Sections 1.3.2(f), 1.3.2(h) and 3.1 of the Plan, no such amendment will materially adversely affect your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement without your consent and provided further that the Committee expressly reserves its rights to amend the Award Agreement and the Plan as described in Sections 1.3.2(h)(1), (2) and (4) of the Plan. A modification that impacts the tax consequences of this Award or the timing of delivery of RSU Shares will not be an amendment that materially adversely affects your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement. Any amendment of this Award Agreement will be in writing. 
 21. Construction, Headings . Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) words describing the singular number include the plural and vice versa, (b) words denoting any gender include all genders and (c) the words include, includes and including will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The headings in this Award Agreement are for the purpose of convenience only and are not intended to define or limit the construction of the provisions hereof. References in this Award Agreement to any specific Plan provision will not be construed as limiting the applicability of any other Plan provision. 
 22. Providing Information to the Appropriate Authorities . In accordance with applicable law, nothing in this Award Agreement (including the forfeiture and repayment provisions in Paragraphs 9 and 10) or the Plan prevents you from providing information you reasonably believe to be true to the appropriate governmental authority, including a regulatory, judicial, administrative, or other governmental entity reporting possible violations of law or regulation making other disclosures that are protected under any applicable law or regulation or filing a charge or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by a governmental authority. For the avoidance of doubt, governmental authority includes federal, state and local government agencies such as the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and any state or local human rights agency e.g. , the New York State Division of Human Rights, the New York City Commission on Human Rights, the California Civil Rights Department), as well as law enforcement e.g. , the state Attorney General). Similarly, nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan prohibits you from speaking with your own attorney regarding your own legal rights or obligations. 

- 11 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , GS Inc. has caused this Award Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the Date of Grant. 
 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. 

- 12 

Definitions Appendix 
 
 The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the following meanings 
 (a) 409A Deferred Compensation means a deferral of compensation or deferred compensation as those terms are defined in the regulations under Section 409A. 
 (b) Approved Termination means that you are classified by the Firm as a fixed-term employee and you (i) successfully complete the fixed-term engagement, as determined by the Firm in its sole discretion, including remaining Employed through the completion date specified by the Firm, and (ii) terminate Employment immediately after the completion date without any stay-on or other agreement or understanding to continue Employment with the Firm. If you agree to stay with the Firm as an employee after your fixed-term engagement ends and then later terminate Employment, you will not have an Approved Termination. 
 (c) Associate With a Covered Enterprise means that you (i) form, or acquire a 5 or greater equity ownership, voting or profit participation interest in, any Covered Enterprise or (ii) associate in any capacity (including association as an officer, employee, partner, director, consultant, agent or advisor) with any Covered Enterprise. Associate With a Covered Enterprise may include, as determined in the discretion of either the Committee or the SIP Committee, (i) becoming the subject of any publicly available announcement or report of a pending or future association with a Covered Enterprise and (ii) unpaid associations, including an association in contemplation of future employment. Association With a Covered Enterprise will have its correlative meaning. 
 (d) Conflicted Employment means your employment at any U.S. Federal, state or local government, any non-U.S. government, any supranational or international organization, any self-regulatory organization, or any agency or instrumentality of any such government or organization, or any other employer (other than an Accounting Firm within the meaning of SEC Rule 2-01(f)(2) of Regulation S-X or any successor thereto) determined by the Committee, if, as a result of such employment, your continued holding of any Outstanding RSUs and Shares at Risk would result in an actual or perceived conflict of interest. 
 (e) Covered Enterprise means a Competitive Enterprise and any other existing or planned business enterprise that (i) offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer products or services that are the same as or similar to those offered by the Firm or that the Firm reasonably expects to offer Firm Products or Services or (ii) engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in any other activity that is the same as or similar to any financial activity engaged in by the Firm or in which the Firm reasonably expects to engage Firm Activities ). For the avoidance of doubt, Firm Activities include any activity that requires the same or similar skills as any financial activity engaged in by the Firm or in which the Firm reasonably expects to engage, irrespective of whether any such financial activity is in furtherance of an advisory, agency, proprietary or fiduciary undertaking. 
 The enterprises covered by this definition include enterprises that offer, hold themselves out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer Firm Products or Services, or engage in, hold themselves out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in Firm Activities directly, as well as those that do so indirectly by ownership or control e.g. , by owning, being owned by or by being under common ownership with an enterprise that offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer Firm Products or Services or that engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in Firm Activities). The definition of Covered Enterprise includes, solely by way of example, any enterprise that offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer any product or service, or engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in any activity, in any case, associated with investment banking public or private finance lending financial advisory services private investing for anyone other than you or your family members (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any type of proprietary investing or trading) private wealth management private banking consumer or commercial cash management consumer, digital or commercial banking merchant banking asset, portfolio or hedge fund management insurance or reinsurance underwriting or brokerage property management or securities, futures, commodities, energy, 
 - 13 

derivatives, currency or digital asset brokerage, sales, lending, custody, clearance, settlement or trading. An enterprise that offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer Firm Products or Services, or engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in Firm Activities is a Covered Enterprise , irrespective of whether the enterprise is a customer, client or counterparty of the Firm or is otherwise associated with the Firm and, because the Firm is a global enterprise, irrespective of where the Covered Enterprise is physically located. 
 (f) Failed to Consider Risk means that you participated (or otherwise oversaw or were responsible for, depending on the circumstances, another individual s participation) in the structuring or marketing of any product or service, or participated on behalf of the Firm or any of its clients in the purchase or sale of any security or other property, in any case without appropriate consideration of the risk to the Firm or the broader financial system as a whole (for example, where you have improperly analyzed such risk or where you have failed sufficiently to raise concerns about such risk) and, as a result of such action or omission, the Committee determines there has been, or reasonably could be expected to be, a material adverse impact on the Firm, your business unit or the broader financial system. 
 (g) Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control means that the Firm terminates your Employment other than for Cause or you terminate your Employment for Good Reason, in each case, within 18 months following a Change in Control. 
 (h) SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 (i) Selected Firm Personnel means any individual who is or in the three months preceding the conduct prohibited by Paragraph 9(b) (i) was (i) a Firm employee or consultant with whom you personally worked while employed by the Firm, (ii) a Firm employee or consultant who, at any time during the year preceding the date of the termination of your Employment, worked in the same division in which you worked or (iii) an Advisory Director, a Managing Director or a Senior Advisor of the Firm. 
 (j) Shares at Risk means RSU Shares subject to Transfer Restrictions. 
 
 - 14 

The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the meanings that are assigned to them in the Plan. 
 (a) Account means any brokerage account, custody account or similar account, as approved or required by GS Inc. from time to time, into which shares of Common Stock, cash or other property in respect of an Award are delivered. 
 (b) Award Agreement means the written document or documents by which each Award is evidenced, including any related Award Statement and signature card. 
 (c) Award Statement means a written statement that reflects certain Award terms. 
 (d) Board means the Board of Directors of GS Inc. 
 (e) Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or obligated by Federal law or executive order to be closed. 
 (f) Cause means (i) the Grantee s conviction, whether following trial or by plea of guilty or nolo contendere (or similar plea), in a criminal proceeding (A) on a misdemeanor charge involving fraud, false statements or misleading omissions, wrongful taking, embezzlement, bribery, forgery, counterfeiting or extortion, or (B) on a felony charge, or (C) on an equivalent charge to those in clauses (A) and (B) in jurisdictions which do not use those designations, (ii) the Grantee s engaging in any conduct which constitutes an employment disqualification under applicable law (including statutory disqualification as defined under the Exchange Act), (iii) the Grantee s willful failure to perform the Grantee s duties to the Firm, (iv) the Grantee s violation of any securities or commodities laws, any rules or regulations issued pursuant to such laws, or the rules and regulations of any securities or commodities exchange or association of which the Firm is a member, (v) the Grantee s violation of any Firm policy concerning hedging or pledging or confidential or proprietary information, or the Grantee s material violation of any other Firm policy as in effect from time to time, (vi) the Grantee s engaging in any act or making any statement which impairs, impugns, denigrates, disparages or negatively reflects upon the name, reputation or business interests of the Firm or (vii) the Grantee s engaging in any conduct detrimental to the Firm. The determination as to whether Cause has occurred shall be made by the Committee in its sole discretion and, in such case, the Committee also may, but shall not be required to, specify the date such Cause occurred (including by determining that a prior termination of Employment was for Cause). Any rights the Firm may have hereunder and in any Award Agreement in respect of the events giving rise to Cause shall be in addition to the rights the Firm may have under any other agreement with a Grantee or at law or in equity. 
 (g) Certificate means a stock certificate (or other appropriate document or evidence of ownership) representing shares of Common Stock. 
 (h) Change in Control means the consummation of a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving GS Inc. (a Reorganization or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of GS Inc. s assets to an entity that is not an affiliate of GS Inc. (a Sale ), that in each case requires the approval of GS Inc. s shareholders under the law of GS Inc. s jurisdiction of organization, whether for such Reorganization or Sale (or the issuance of securities of GS Inc. in such Reorganization or Sale), unless immediately following such Reorganization or Sale, either (i) at least 50 of the total voting power (in respect of the election of directors, or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of (A) the entity resulting from such Reorganization, or the entity which has acquired all or substantially all of the assets of GS Inc. in a Sale (in either case, the Surviving Entity ), or (B) if applicable, the ultimate parent entity that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, as such Rule is in effect on the date of the adoption of the 1999 SIP) of 50 or more of the total voting power (in respect of the election of directors, or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of the Surviving Entity (the Parent Entity is represented by GS Inc. s securities (the GS Inc. Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to such Reorganization or Sale (or, if applicable, is represented by shares into which such GS Inc. Securities were converted pursuant to such Reorganization or Sale) or (ii) at least 
 - 15 

50 of the members of the board of directors (or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of the Parent Entity (or, if there is no Parent Entity, the Surviving Entity) following the consummation of the Reorganization or Sale were, at the time of the Board s approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Reorganization or Sale, individuals (the Incumbent Directors who either (A) were members of the Board on the Effective Date or (B) became directors subsequent to the Effective Date and whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of GS Inc. s proxy statement in which such persons are named as nominees for director). 
 (i) Client means any client or prospective client of the Firm to whom the Grantee provided services, or for whom the Grantee transacted business, or whose identity became known to the Grantee in connection with the Grantee s relationship with or employment by the Firm. 
 (j) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rulings and regulations thereunder. 
 (k) Committee means the committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan pursuant to Section 1.3, and, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for the compensation realized from Awards under the Plan to be considered performance based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is an outside director within the meaning of Code Section 162(m), and which, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for Awards under the Plan to qualify for the exemption available under Rule 16b-3(d)(1) or Rule 16b-3(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Committee shall be the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 (l) Common Stock means common stock of GS Inc., par value 0.01 per share. 
 (m) Competitive Enterprise means an existing or planned business enterprise that (i) engages, or may reasonably be expected to engage, in any activity (ii) owns or controls, or may reasonably be expected to own or control, a significant interest in any entity that engages in any activity or (iii) is, or may reasonably be expected to be, owned by, or a significant interest in which is, or may reasonably be expected to be, owned or controlled by, any entity that engages in any activity that, in any case, competes or will compete anywhere with any activity in which the Firm is engaged. The activities covered by this definition include, without limitation financial services such as investment banking public or private finance lending financial advisory services private investing for anyone other than the Grantee and members of the Grantee s family (including for the avoidance of doubt, any type of proprietary investing or trading) private wealth management private banking consumer or commercial cash management consumer, digital or commercial banking merchant banking asset, portfolio or hedge fund management insurance or reinsurance underwriting or brokerage property management or securities, futures, commodities, energy, derivatives, currency or digital asset brokerage, sales, lending, custody, clearance, settlement or trading. 
 (n) Covered Person means a member of the Board or the Committee or any employee of the Firm. 
 (o) Date of Grant means the date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as the date of grant of the Award. 
 (p) Delivery Date means each date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as a delivery date, provided , unless the Committee determines otherwise, such date is during a Window Period or, if such date is not during a Window Period, the first trading day of the first Window Period beginning after such date. 
 (q) Dividend Equivalent Right means a dividend equivalent right granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay to the Grantee amounts equal to all or any 
 - 16 

portion of the regular cash dividends that would be paid on shares of Common Stock covered by an Award if such shares had been delivered pursuant to an Award. 
 (r) Effective Date means the date this Plan is approved by the shareholders of GS Inc. pursuant to Section 3.15 of the Plan. 
 (s) Employment means the Grantee s performance of services for the Firm, as determined by the Committee. The terms employ and employed shall have their correlative meanings. The Committee in its sole discretion may determine (i) whether and when a Grantee s leave of absence results in a termination of Employment (for this purpose, unless the Committee determines otherwise, a Grantee shall be treated as terminating Employment with the Firm upon the occurrence of an Extended Absence), (ii) whether and when a change in a Grantee s association with the Firm results in a termination of Employment and (iii) the impact, if any, of any such leave of absence or change in association on Awards theretofore made. Unless expressly provided otherwise, any references in the Plan or any Award Agreement to a Grantee s Employment being terminated shall include both voluntary and involuntary terminations. 
 (t) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
 (u) Extended Absence means the Grantee s inability to perform for six (6) continuous months, due to illness, injury or pregnancy-related complications, substantially all the essential duties of the Grantee s occupation, as determined by the Committee. 
 (v) Firm means GS Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 (w) Good Reason means, in connection with a termination of employment by a Grantee following a Change in Control, (a) as determined by the Committee, a materially adverse alteration in the Grantee s position or in the nature or status of the Grantee s responsibilities from those in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control or (b) the Firm s requiring the Grantee s principal place of Employment to be located more than seventy-five (75) miles from the location where the Grantee is principally Employed at the time of the Change in Control (except for required travel on the Firm s business to an extent substantially consistent with the Grantee s customary business travel obligations in the ordinary course of business prior to the Change in Control). 
 (x) Grantee means a person who receives an Award. 
 (y) GS Inc. means The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 (z) 1999 SIP means The Goldman Sachs 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, as in effect prior to the effective date of the 2003 SIP. 
 (aa) Outstanding means any Award to the extent it has not been forfeited, cancelled, terminated, exercised or with respect to which the shares of Common Stock underlying the Award have not been previously delivered or other payments made. 
 (ab) Restricted Share means a share of Common Stock delivered under the Plan that is subject to Transfer Restrictions, forfeiture provisions and or other terms and conditions specified herein and in the Restricted Share Award Agreement or other applicable Award Agreement. All references to Restricted Shares include Shares at Risk. 
 (ac) Retirement means termination of the Grantee s Employment (other than for Cause) on or after the Date of Grant at a time when (i) (A) the sum of the Grantee s age plus years of service with the Firm (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) equals or exceeds 60 and (B) the Grantee has completed at least 10 years of service with the Firm (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) or, if earlier, (ii) (A) the Grantee has attained age 50 and (B) the Grantee has completed at least five years of service with the Firm (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion). 
 - 17 

(ad) RSU means a restricted stock unit granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the RSU Award Agreement. 
 (ae) RSU Shares means shares of Common Stock that underlie an RSU. 
 (af) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, including any amendments or successor provisions to that Section and any regulations and other administrative guidance thereunder, in each case as they, from time to time, may be amended or interpreted through further administrative guidance. 
 (ag) SIP Administrator means each person designated by the Committee as a SIP Administrator with the authority to perform day-to-day administrative functions for the Plan. 
 (ah) SIP Committee means the persons who have been delegated certain authority under the Plan by the Committee. 
 (ai) Solicit means any direct or indirect communication of any kind whatsoever, regardless of by whom initiated, inviting, advising, suggesting, encouraging or requesting any person or entity, in any manner, to take or refrain from taking any action. The terms Solicited, Soliciting and Solicitation will have their correlative meanings. 
 (aj) Transfer Restrictions means restrictions that prohibit the sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, fractionalization, hedge or other disposal (including through the use of any cash-settled instrument), whether voluntarily or involuntarily by the Grantee, of an Award or any shares of Common Stock, cash or other property delivered in respect of an Award. 
 (ak) Transferability Date means the date Transfer Restrictions on a Restricted Share will be released. Within 30 Business Days after the applicable Transferability Date, GS Inc. shall take, or shall cause to be taken, such steps as may be necessary to remove Transfer Restrictions. 
 (al) Vested means, with respect to an Award, the portion of the Award that is not subject to a condition that the Grantee remain actively employed by the Firm in order for the Award to remain Outstanding. The fact that an Award becomes Vested shall not mean or otherwise indicate that the Grantee has an unconditional or nonforfeitable right to such Award, and such Award shall remain subject to such terms, conditions and forfeiture provisions as may be provided for in the Plan or in the Award Agreement. 
 (am) Vesting Date means each date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as a date on which part or all of an Award becomes Vested. 
 (an) Window Period means a period designated by the Firm during which all employees of the Firm are permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock provided that, if the Grantee is a member of a designated group of employees who are subject to different restrictions, the Window Period may be a period designated by the Firm during which an employee of the Firm in such designated group is permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock). 
 - 18 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.35>
 7
 a1035_formxofxyear-endxrsu.htm
 EX-10.35

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.35 

 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. ____ ______________ Award 
 This Award Agreement, together with The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (2021) (the Plan ), governs your ___________________ of RSUs (your Award ). You should read carefully this entire Award Agreement, which includes the Award Statement, any attached Appendix and the signature card. 
 Acceptance 
 1. You Must Decide Whether to Accept this Award Agreement . To be eligible to receive your Award, you must by the date specified (a) open and activate an Account and (b) agree to all the terms of your Award by executing the related signature card in accordance with its instructions. By executing the signature card, you confirm your agreement to all of the terms of this Award Agreement, including the arbitration and choice of forum provisions in Paragraph 15 16 . 
 Documents that Govern Your Award Definitions 
 2. The Plan . Your Award is granted under the Plan, and the Plan s terms apply to, and are a part of, this Award Agreement. 
 3. Your Award Statement . The Award Statement delivered to you contains some of your Award s specific terms. For example, it contains the number of RSUs awarded to you and any applicable the Delivery Date s and Transferability Date s . The portion of your RSUs that are designated on the Award Statement as ____ Year-End Base RSUs are referred to in this Award Agreement as Base RSUs. The portion of your RSUs that are designated on the Award Statement as ____ Year-End Additional Base RSUs are referred to in this Award Agreement as Additional Base RSUs. The portion of your RSUs that are designated on the Award Statement as ____ Year-End Supplemental RSUs are referred to in this Award Agreement as Supplemental RSUs. All references to RSUs in this Award Agreement include the Base RSUs, the Additional Base RSUs and the Supplemental RSUs. 
 4. Definitions . Unless otherwise defined herein, including in the Definitions Appendix or any other Appendix, capitalized terms have the meanings provided in the Plan. 
 Vesting of Your RSUs 
 5. Vesting . All of your RSUs are Vested. When an RSU is Vested, it means only that your continued active Employment is not required for delivery of that portion of RSU Shares. Vesting does not mean you have a non-forfeitable right to the Vested portion of your Award. The terms of this Award Agreement (including conditions to delivery and any applicable Transfer Restrictions) continue to apply to Vested RSUs, and you can still forfeit Vested RSUs and any RSU Shares . 
 Delivery of Your RSU Shares 
 6. Delivery . Reasonably promptly (but no more than 30 Business Days) after each the Delivery Date listed on your Award Statement, RSU Shares (less applicable withholding as described in Paragraph 12 13 (a)) will be delivered (by book entry credit to your Account) in respect of the amount of Outstanding RSUs listed next to that date . The Committee or the SIP Committee may select multiple dates within the 30-Business-Day period following the Delivery Date to deliver RSU Shares in respect of all or a portion of the RSUs with the same Delivery Date listed on the Award Statement, and all such dates will be treated as a single Delivery Date for purposes of this Award. Until such delivery, you have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor, and no rights as a shareholder of GS Inc. Without limiting the Committee s authority under Section 1.3.2(h) of the Plan, the Firm may accelerate any Delivery Date by up to 30 days. 

Transfer Restrictions Following Delivery 
 7. Transfer Restrictions and Shares at Risk . 
 (a) ___ percent of the RSU Shares that are delivered on any date will be Shares at Risk subject to Transfer Restrictions until the applicable Transferability Date listed on your Award Statement . 
 (b) Purported Transactions that Violate the Transfer Restrictions Are Void . Any purported sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, fractionalization, hedge or other disposition in violation of the Transfer Restrictions on Shares at Risk will be void. 
 (c) Removal of Transfer Restrictions . Within 30 Business Days after the applicable Transferability Date listed on your Award Statement (or any other date on which the Transfer Restrictions are to be removed), GS Inc. will remove the Transfer Restrictions. The Committee or the SIP Committee may select multiple dates within such 30-Business-Day period on which to remove Transfer Restrictions for all or a portion of the Shares at Risk with the same Transferability Date listed on the Award Statement , and all such dates will be treated as a single Transferability Date for purposes of this Award. 
 Dividends 
 8. Dividend Equivalent Rights and Dividends . Each RSU includes a Dividend Equivalent Right, which entitles you to receive an amount (less applicable withholding), at or after the time of distribution of any regular cash dividend paid by GS Inc. in respect of a share of Common Stock, equal to any regular cash dividend payment that would have been made in respect of an RSU Share underlying your Outstanding RSUs for any record date that occurs on or after the Date of Grant. In addition, y Y ou will be entitled to receive on a current basis any regular cash dividend paid in respect of your Shares at Risk. The RSUs do not include Dividend Equivalent Rights. 
 Forfeiture of Your Award 
 9. How You May Forfeit Your Award . This Paragraph 9 sets forth the events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your RSUs and Shares at Risk and may require repayment to the Firm of up to all other amounts previously delivered or paid to you under your Award in accordance with Paragraph 10. More than one event may apply, and in no case will the occurrence of one event limit the forfeiture and repayment obligations as a result of the occurrence of any other event. In addition, the Firm reserves the right to (a) suspend payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights, delivery of RSU Shares or release of Transfer Restrictions, (b) deliver any RSU Shares or , dividends or payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights into an escrow account in accordance with Paragraph 12 13 (f)(v) or (c) apply Transfer Restrictions to any RSU Shares in connection with any investigation of whether any of the events that result in forfeiture under the Plan or this Paragraph 9 have occurred. Paragraph 11 (relating to certain circumstances under which restrictions on Association With a Covered Enterprise will not apply) and Paragraph 12 (relating to certain circumstances under which delivery and or release of Transfer Restrictions may be accelerated) provide s for exceptions to one or more provisions of this Paragraph 9. Each of t T he U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix and the GSBE Material Risk Taker Appendix supplements this Paragraph 9 and sets forth additional events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your RSUs and Shares at Risk and may require repayment to the Firm as described in Paragraph 10 and , the U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix and the GSBE Material Risk Taker Appendix . 
 (a) RSUs Forfeited Upon Certain Events . If any of the following occurs before the applicable Delivery Date, your rights to all of your Outstanding RSUs will terminate, and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs 
 (i) GS Inc. Fails to Maintain the Minimum Tier 1 Capital Ratio . GS Inc. fails to maintain the required Minimum Tier 1 Capital Ratio as defined under Federal Reserve Board Regulations applicable to GS Inc. for a period of 90 consecutive business days. 
 - 2 - 

(ii) GS Inc. Is Determined to Be in Default . The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC makes a written recommendation under Title II (Orderly Liquidation Authority) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act for the appointment of the FDIC as a receiver of GS Inc. based on a determination that GS Inc. is in default or in danger of default. 
 (b) RSUs and Shares at Risk Forfeited Upon Certain Events . If any of the following occurs, i your rights to your Outstanding RSUs as described below will terminate, and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs and (ii) your rights to all of your Shares at Risk will terminate and your Shares at Risk will be cancelled, in each case, as may be further described below 
 (i) You Associate With a Covered Enterprise . 
 (A) If you Associate With a Covered Enterprise before the earlier of _____________ or a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, your rights to ____ of your Outstanding RSUs will terminate, and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs. 
 (ii) You Solicit Clients or Employees, Interfere with Client or Employee Relationships or Participate in the Hiring of Employees . Before ____________ and except as prohibited by applicable law, either 
 (A) you, in any manner, directly or indirectly, (1) Solicit any Client to transact business with a Covered Enterprise or to reduce or refrain from doing any business with the Firm, (2) interfere with or damage (or attempt to interfere with or damage) any relationship between the Firm and any Client, (3) Solicit any person who is an employee of the Firm to resign from the Firm, (4) Solicit any Selected Firm Personnel to apply for or accept employment (or other association) with any person or entity other than the Firm or (5) participate in the hiring of any Selected Firm Personnel by any person or entity other than the Firm (including, without limitation, participating in the identification of individuals for potential hire, and participating in any hiring decision), whether as an employee or consultant or otherwise, or 
 (B) Selected Firm Personnel are Solicited, hired or accepted into partnership, membership or similar status by any entity where you have, or will have, direct or indirect managerial responsibility for such Selected Firm Personnel, unless the Committee determines that you were not involved in such Solicitation, hiring or acceptance. 
 (iii) GS Inc. Fails to Maintain the Minimum Tier 1 Capital Ratio . Before the applicable Delivery Date, GS Inc. fails to maintain the required Minimum Tier 1 Capital Ratio as defined under Federal Reserve Board Regulations applicable to GS Inc. for a period of 90 consecutive business days. 
 (iv) GS Inc. Is Determined to Be in Default . Before the applicable Delivery Date, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC makes a written recommendation under Title II (Orderly Liquidation Authority) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act for the appointment of the FDIC as a receiver of GS Inc. based on a determination that GS Inc. is in default or in danger of default. 
 (v) Accounting Restatement Required Under Sarbanes-Oxley . GS Inc. is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to GS Inc. s material noncompliance, as a result of misconduct, with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws as described in Section 304(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley provided , however , that your rights with respect to the RSUs will only be terminated to the same extent that would be required under Section 304(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley had you been a chief executive officer or chief financial officer of GS Inc. (regardless of whether you actually hold such position at the relevant time). 
 - 3 - 

(c) RSUs and Shares at Risk Forfeited upon Certain Events . If any of the following occurs (i) your rights to all of your Outstanding RSUs will terminate, and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs and (ii) your rights to all of your Shares at Risk will terminate and your Shares at Risk will be cancelled, in each case, as may be further described below 
 (i) You Failed to Consider Risk . You Failed to Consider Risk during __________. 
 (ii) Your Conduct Constitutes Cause . Any event that constitutes Cause (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Serious Misconduct as defined in the U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix) has occurred before ___________. 
 (iii) You Do Not Meet Your Obligations to the Firm . The Committee determines that, before ____________, you failed to meet, in any respect, any obligation under any agreement with the Firm, or any agreement entered into in connection with your Employment or this Award, including the Firm s notice period requirement applicable to you, any offer letter, employment agreement or any shareholders agreement relating to the Firm. Your failure to pay or reimburse the Firm, on demand, for any amount you owe to the Firm will constitute (A) failure to meet an obligation you have under an agreement, regardless of whether such obligation arises under a written agreement, and or (B) a material violation of Firm policy constituting Cause. 
 (iv) You Do Not Provide Timely Certifications or Comply with Your Certifications . You fail to certify to GS Inc. that you have complied with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement, or the Committee determines that you have failed to comply with a term of the Plan or this Award Agreement to which you have certified compliance. 
 (v) You Do Not Follow Dispute Resolution Arbitration Procedures . You attempt to have any dispute under the Plan or this Award Agreement resolved in any manner that is not provided for by Paragraph 15 16 or Section 3.17 of the Plan, or you attempt to arbitrate a dispute without first having exhausted your internal administrative remedies in accordance with Paragraph 12 13 (f)(viii). 
 (vi) You Bring an Action that Results in a Determination that Any Award Agreement Term Is Invalid . As a result of any action brought by you, it is determined that any term of this Award Agreement is invalid. 
 (vii) You Receive Compensation in Respect of Your Award from Another Employer . Your Employment terminates for any reason or you otherwise are no longer actively Employed with the Firm and another entity grants you cash, equity or other property (whether vested or unvested) to replace, substitute for or otherwise in respect of any Outstanding RSUs or Shares at Risk provided , however , that your rights will only be terminated in respect of the RSUs and Shares at Risk that are replaced, substituted for or otherwise considered by such other entity in making its grant. 
 (viii) Accounting Restatement Required Under Sarbanes-Oxley . GS Inc. is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to GS Inc. s material noncompliance, as a result of misconduct, with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws as described in Section 304(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley provided , however , that your rights will only be terminated in respect of the RSUs and Shares at Risk to the same extent that would be required under Section 304(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley had you been a chief executive officer or chief financial officer of GS Inc. (regardless of whether you actually hold such position at the relevant time). 
 (ix) GS Inc. Fails to Maintain the Minimum Tier 1 Capital Ratio . Prior to the Transferability Date, GS Inc. fails to maintain the required Minimum Tier 1 Capital Ratio as defined under Federal Reserve Board Regulations applicable to GS Inc. for a period of 90 consecutive business days. 
 - 4 - 

(x) GS Inc. Is Determined to Be in Default . Prior to the Transferability Date, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC makes a written recommendation under Title II (Orderly Liquidation Authority) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act for the appointment of the FDIC as a receiver of GS Inc. based on a determination that GS Inc. is in default or in danger of default. 
 Repayment of Your Award 
 10. When You May Be Required to Repay Your Award . 
 (a) Repayment, Generally . If the Committee determines that any term of this Award was not satisfied, you will be required, immediately upon demand therefor, to repay to the Firm the following 
 (i) Any RSU Shares (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes any Shares at Risk) for which the terms (including the terms for delivery) of the related RSUs were not satisfied, in accordance with Section 2.6.3 of the Plan. 
 (ii) Any Shares at Risk for which the terms (including the terms for the release of Transfer Restrictions) were not satisfied, in accordance with Section 2.5.3 of the Plan. 
 (iii) Any RSU Shares that were delivered (but not subject to Transfer Restrictions) at the same time any Shares at Risk that are cancelled or required to be repaid were delivered. 
 (iv) Any payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights for which the terms were not satisfied (including any such payments made in respect of RSUs that are forfeited or RSU Shares that are cancelled or required to be repaid), in accordance with Section 2.8.3 of the Plan. 
 (v) Any dividends paid in respect of any RSU Shares that are cancelled or required to be repaid. 
 (vi) Any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations with respect to any RSUs, RSU Shares and , dividend payments and payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights that are forfeited or required to be repaid. 
 (b) Repayment Upon Accounting Restatement Required Under Sarbanes-Oxley . If an event described in Paragraph 9(b)(viii) (relating to a requirement under Sarbanes-Oxley that GS Inc. prepare an accounting restatement) occurs, any RSU Shares, cash or other property delivered, paid or withheld in respect of this Award will be subject to repayment as described in Paragraph 10(a) to the same extent that would be required under Section 304(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley had you been a chief executive officer or chief financial officer of GS Inc. (regardless of whether you actually hold such position at the relevant time). 
 Exceptions to Association with a Covered Enterprise, Accelerated Delivery Date s and or Transferability Date s 
 11. Restrictions on Association With a Covered Enterprise Cease to Apply After an Involuntary or Mutual Agreement Termination (but the Original Delivery Date and Transferability Date Continue to Apply) . Paragraph 9(a)(i) (relating to forfeiture if you Associate With a Covered Enterprise) will not apply if (a) your Employment terminates and the Firm characterizes your Employment termination as involuntary or by mutual agreement (and, in each case, you have not engaged in conduct constituting Cause) and (b) you execute a general waiver and release of claims and an agreement to pay any associated tax liability, in each case, in the form the Firm prescribes. No Employment termination that you initiate, including any purported constructive termination, a 
 - 5 - 

termination for good reason or similar concepts, can be involuntary or by mutual agreement. All other terms of this Award Agreement, including the other forfeiture and repayment events in Paragraphs 9 and 10, continue to apply. 
 12. Accelerated Delivery and or Release of Transfer Restrictions in the Event of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, Conflicted Employment or Death . In the event of your Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, Conflicted Employment or death, each as described below, your Outstanding RSUs and Shares at Risk will be treated as described in this Paragraph 11 12 , and, except as set forth in Paragraph 11 12 (a), all other terms of this Award Agreement, including the other forfeiture and repayment events in Paragraphs 9 and 10, continue to apply. 
 (a) You Have a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control . If your Employment terminates when you meet the requirements of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, the RSU Shares underlying your Outstanding RSUs will be delivered, and any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply. In addition, the forfeiture events in Paragraph 9 will not apply to your Award. 
 (b) You Are Determined to Have Accepted Conflicted Employment . 
 (i) Generally . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or otherwise, for purposes of this Award Agreement, Conflicted Employment means your employment at any U.S. Federal, state or local government, any non-U.S. government, any supranational or international organization, any self-regulatory organization, or any agency or instrumentality of any such government or organization, or any other employer (other than an Accounting Firm within the meaning of SEC Rule 2-01(f)(2) of Regulation S-X or any successor thereto) determined by the Committee, if, as a result of such employment, your continued holding of any Outstanding RSUs and Shares at Risk would result in an actual or perceived conflict of interest. Unless prohibited by applicable law or regulation, if your Employment terminates solely because you resign to accept Conflicted Employment or if, following your termination of Employment, you notify the Firm that you are accepting Conflicted Employment, RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of your Outstanding RSUs (including in the form of cash as described in Paragraph 12 13 (b)) and any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply as soon as practicable after the Committee has received satisfactory documentation relating to your Conflicted Employment. 
 (ii) You May Have to Take Other Steps to Address Conflicts of Interest . The Committee retains the authority to exercise its rights under the Award Agreement or the Plan (including Section 1.3.2 of the Plan) to take or require you to take other steps it determines in its sole discretion to be necessary or appropriate to cure an actual or perceived conflict of interest (which may include a determination that the accelerated delivery and or release of Transfer Restrictions described in Paragraph 11 12 (b)(i) will not apply because such actions are not necessary or appropriate to cure an actual or perceived conflict of interest). 
 (c) Death . If you die, the RSU Shares underlying your Outstanding RSUs will be delivered to your Account and any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply as soon as practicable after the date of death and after such documentation as may be requested by the Committee is provided to the Committee. 
 Other Terms, Conditions and Agreements 
 13. Additional Terms, Conditions and Agreements . 
 (a) You Must Satisfy Applicable Tax Withholding Requirements . Delivery of RSU Shares is conditioned on your satisfaction of any applicable withholding taxes in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Plan, which includes the Firm deducting or withholding amounts from any payment or distribution to you. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Firm, in its sole discretion, may require you to provide amounts equal to all or a portion of any Federal, state, local, foreign or other tax obligations imposed on you or the Firm in connection with the 
 - 6 - 

grant , Vesting or delivery of this Award by requiring you to choose between remitting the amount (i) in cash (or through payroll deduction or otherwise) or (ii) in the form of proceeds from the Firm s executing a sale of RSU Shares delivered to you under this Award. In no event, however, does this Paragraph 12 13 (a) give you any discretion to determine or affect the timing of the delivery of RSU Shares or the timing of payment of tax obligations. 
 (b) Firm May Deliver Cash or Other Property Instead of RSU Shares . In accordance with Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, in the sole discretion of the Committee, in lieu of all or any portion of the RSU Shares, the Firm may deliver cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property, and all references in this Award Agreement to deliveries of RSU Shares will include such deliveries of cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property. 
 (c) Amounts May Be Rounded to Avoid Fractional Shares . RSU Shares that become deliverable on a Delivery Date and RSU Shares subject to Transfer Restrictions may, in each case, be rounded to avoid fractional Shares. 
 (d) You May Be Required to Become a Party to the Shareholders Agreement . Your rights to your RSUs are conditioned on your becoming a party to any shareholders agreement to which other similarly situated employees e.g ., employees with a similar title or position) of the Firm are required to be a party. 
 (e) Firm May Affix Legends and Place Stop Orders on Restricted RSU Shares . GS Inc. may affix to Certificates representing RSU Shares any legend that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable (including to reflect any restrictions to which you may be subject under a separate agreement). GS Inc. may advise the transfer agent to place a stop order against any legended RSU Shares. 
 (f) You Agree to Certain Consents, Terms and Conditions . By accepting this Award you understand and agree that 
 (i) You Agree to Certain Consents as a Condition to the Award . You have expressly consented to all of the items listed in Section 3.3.3(d) of the Plan, including the Firm s supplying to any third-party recordkeeper of the Plan or other person such personal information of yours as the Committee deems advisable to administer the Plan, and you agree to provide any additional consents that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable 
 (ii) You Are Subject to the Firm s Policies, Rules and Procedures . You are subject to the Firm s policies in effect from time to time concerning trading in RSU Shares and hedging or pledging RSU Shares and equity-based compensation or other awards (including, without limitation, the Firmwide Policy with Respect to Personal Transactions Involving GS Securities and GS Equity Awards or any successor policies), and confidential or proprietary information, and you will effect sales of RSU Shares in accordance with such rules and procedures as may be adopted from time to time (which may include, without limitation, restrictions relating to the timing of sale requests, the manner in which sales are executed, pricing method, consolidation or aggregation of orders and volume limits determined by the Firm) 
 (iii) You Are Responsible for Costs Associated with Your Award . You will be responsible for all brokerage costs and other fees or expenses associated with your RSUs, including those related to the sale of RSU Shares 
 (iv) You Will Be Deemed to Represent Your Compliance with All the Terms of Your Award if You Accept Delivery of, or Sell, RSU Shares . You will be deemed to have represented and certified that you have complied with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement when RSU Shares are delivered to you , you receive payment in respect of Dividend Equivalent Rights and you request the sale of RSU Shares following the release of Transfer Restrictions 
 - 7 - 

(v) Firm May Deliver Your Award into an Escrow Account . The Firm may establish and maintain an escrow account on such terms (which may include your executing any documents related to, and your paying for any costs associated with, such account) as it may deem necessary or appropriate, and the delivery of RSU Shares (including Shares at Risk) or the payment of cash (including dividends and payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights or other property may initially be made into and held in that escrow account until such time as the Committee has received such documentation as it may have requested or until the Committee has determined that any other conditions or restrictions on delivery of RSU Shares, cash or other property required by this Award Agreement have been satisfied 
 (vi) You May Be Required to Certify Compliance with Award Terms You Are Responsible for Providing the Firm with Updated Address and Contact Information After Your Departure from the Firm . If your Employment terminates while you continue to hold RSUs or Shares at Risk, from time to time, you may be required to provide certifications of your compliance with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement as described in Paragraph 9(b)(iv). You understand and agree that (A) your address on file with the Firm at the time any certification is required will be deemed to be your current address, (B) it is your responsibility to inform the Firm of any changes to your address to ensure timely receipt of the certification materials, (C) you are responsible for contacting the Firm to obtain such certification materials if not received and (D) your failure to return properly completed certification materials by the specified deadline (which includes your failure to timely return the completed certification because you did not provide the Firm with updated contact information) will result in the forfeiture of all of your RSUs and Shares at Risk and subject previously delivered amounts to repayment under Paragraph 9(b)(iv) 
 (vii) You Authorize the Firm to Register, in Its or Its Designee s Name, Any Shares at Risk and Sell, Assign or Transfer Any Forfeited Shares at Risk . You are granting to the Firm the full power and authority to register any Shares at Risk in its or its designee s name and authorizing the Firm or its designee to sell, assign or transfer any Shares at Risk if you forfeit your Shares at Risk 
 (viii) You Must Comply with Applicable Deadlines and Procedures to Appeal Determinations Made by the Committee, the SIP Committee or SIP Administrators . If you disagree with a determination made by the Committee, the SIP Committee, the SIP Administrators, or any of their delegates or designees and you wish to appeal such determination, you must submit a written request to the SIP Committee for review within 180 days after the determination at issue. You must exhaust your internal administrative remedies i.e. , submit your appeal and wait for resolution of that appeal) before seeking to resolve a dispute through arbitration pursuant to Paragraph 15 16 and Section 3.17 of the Plan and 
 (ix) You Agree that Covered Persons Will Not Have Liability . In addition to and without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 1.3.5 of the Plan, neither the Firm nor any Covered Person will have any liability to you or any other person for any action taken or omitted in respect of this or any other Award. 
 14. Non-transferability . Except as otherwise may be provided in this Paragraph 13 14 or as otherwise may be provided by the Committee, the limitations on transferability set forth in Section 3.5 of the Plan will apply to this Award. Any purported transfer or assignment in violation of the provisions of this Paragraph 13 14 or Section 3.5 of the Plan will be void. The Committee may adopt procedures pursuant to which some or all recipients of RSUs may transfer some or all of their RSUs and or Shares at Risk (which will continue to be subject to Transfer Restrictions until the applicable Transferability Date) through a gift for no consideration to any immediate family member, a trust or other estate planning vehicle approved by the Committee or SIP Committee in which the recipient and or the recipient s immediate family members in the aggregate have 100 of the beneficial interest. 
 15. Right of Offset . Except as provided in Paragraph 17 18 (f) (g) , the obligation to deliver RSU Shares, to pay dividends or payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights or to remove the Transfer Restrictions under this Award Agreement is subject to Section 3.4 of the Plan, which provides 
 - 8 - 

for the Firm s right to offset against such obligation any outstanding amounts you owe to the Firm and any amounts the Committee deems appropriate pursuant to any tax equalization policy or agreement. 
 Arbitration, Choice of Forum and Governing Law 
 16. Arbitration Choice of Forum . 
 (a) By accepting this award, you are indicating that you understand and agree that the arbitration and choice of forum provisions set forth in Section 3.17 of the Plan will apply to this Award to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. These provisions, which are expressly incorporated herein by reference, provide among other things that any dispute, controversy or claim between the Firm and you arising out of or relating to or concerning the Plan or this Award Agreement will be finally settled by arbitration, pursuant to the terms more fully set forth in Section 3.17 of the Plan provided that nothing herein shall preclude you from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any governmental authority, including but not limited to the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and a state or local human rights agency, as well as law enforcement. 
 (b) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitrator will have the authority to consider class, collective or representative claims, to order consolidation or to join different claimants or grant relief other than on an individual basis to the individual claimant involved. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any applicable forum rules to the contrary, to the extent there is a question of enforceability of this Award Agreement arising from a challenge to the arbitrator s jurisdiction or to the arbitrability of a claim, it will be decided by a court and not an arbitrator. 
 (d) The Federal Arbitration Act governs interpretation and enforcement of all arbitration provisions under the Plan and this Award Agreement, and all arbitration proceedings thereunder. 
 (e) Nothing in this Award Agreement creates a substantive right to bring a claim under U.S. Federal, state, or local employment laws. 
 (f) By accepting your Award, you irrevocably appoint each General Counsel of GS Inc., or any person whom the General Counsel of GS Inc. designates, as your agent for service of process in connection with any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to or concerning the Plan or any Award which is not arbitrated pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.17.1 of the Plan, who shall promptly advise you of any such service of process. 
 (g) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitrator will have the authority to consider any claim as to which you have not first exhausted your internal administrative remedies in accordance with Paragraph 12 13 (f)(viii). 
 17. Governing Law . This Award will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. 
 Certain Tax Provisions 
 18. Compliance of Award Agreement and Plan with Section 409A . The provisions of this Paragraph 17 18 apply to you only if you are a U.S. taxpayer. 
 (a) This Award Agreement and the Plan provisions that apply to this Award are intended and will be construed to comply with Section 409A (including the requirements applicable to, or the conditions for exemption from treatment as, 409A Deferred Compensation), whether by reason of short-term deferral treatment or other exceptions or provisions. The 
 - 9 - 

Committee will have full authority to give effect to this intent. To the extent necessary to give effect to this intent, in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between the provisions of the Plan (including Sections 1.3.2 and 2.1 thereof) and this Award Agreement, the provisions of this Award Agreement will govern, and in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between this Paragraph 17 18 and the other provisions of this Award Agreement, this Paragraph 17 18 will govern. 
 (b) Delivery of RSU Shares will not be delayed beyond the date on which all applicable conditions or restrictions on delivery of RSU Shares required by this Agreement (including those specified in Paragraphs 6, 7, 11, 11 12 (c) and 12 13 and the consents and other items specified in Section 3.3 of the Plan) are satisfied. To the extent that any portion of this Award is intended to satisfy the requirements for short-term deferral treatment under Section 409A, delivery for such portion will occur by the March 15 coinciding with the last day of the applicable short-term deferral period described in Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4) in order for the delivery of RSU Shares to be within the short-term deferral exception unless, in order to permit all applicable conditions or restrictions on delivery to be satisfied, the Committee elects, pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted in accordance with Section 409A, to delay delivery of RSU Shares to a later date within the same calendar year or to such later date as may be permitted under Section 409A, including Reg. 1.409A-3(d). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Award includes a series of installment payments as described in Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii), your right to the series of installment payments will be treated as a right to a series of separate payments and not as a right to a single payment. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 12 13 (b) and Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, any securities, other Awards or other property that the Firm may deliver in respect of your RSUs will not have the effect of deferring delivery or payment, income inclusion, or a substantial risk of forfeiture, beyond the date on which such delivery, payment or inclusion would occur or such risk of forfeiture would lapse, with respect to the RSU Shares that would otherwise have been deliverable (unless the Committee elects a later date for this purpose pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted under Section 409A, including and to the extent applicable, the subsequent election provisions of Section 409A(a)(4)(C) of the Code and Reg. 1.409A-2(b)). 
 (d) Notwithstanding the timing provisions of Paragraph 11 12 (c), the delivery of RSU Shares referred to therein will be made after the date of death and during the calendar year that includes the date of death (or on such later date as may be permitted under Section 409A). 
 (e) The timing of delivery or payment pursuant to Paragraph 11 12 (a) will occur on the earlier of (i) the Delivery Date or (ii) a date that is within the calendar year in which the termination of Employment occurs provided , however , that, if you are a specified employee (as defined by the Firm in accordance with Section 409A(a)(2)(i)(B) of the Code), delivery will occur on the earlier of the Delivery Date or (to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A) the date that is six months after your termination of Employment (or, if the latter date is not during a Window Period, the first trading day of the next Window Period). For purposes of Paragraph 11 12 (a), references in this Award Agreement to termination of Employment mean a termination of Employment from the Firm (as defined by the Firm) which is also a separation from service (as defined by the Firm in accordance with Section 409A). 
 (f) Notwithstanding any provision of Paragraph 8 or Section 2.8.2 of the Plan to the contrary, the Dividend Equivalent Rights with respect to each of your Outstanding RSUs will be paid to you within the calendar year that includes the date of distribution of any corresponding regular cash dividends paid by GS Inc. in respect of a share of Common Stock the record date for which occurs on or after the Date of Grant. The payment will be in an amount (less applicable withholding) equal to such regular dividend payment as would have been made in respect of the RSU Shares underlying such Outstanding RSUs. 
 (g) The timing of delivery or payment referred to in Paragraph 11 12 (b)(i) will be the earlier of (i) the Delivery Date or (ii) a date that is within the calendar year in which the 
 - 10 - 

Committee receives satisfactory documentation relating to your Conflicted Employment, provided that such delivery or payment will be made, and any Committee action referred to in Paragraph 11 12 (b)(ii) will be taken, only at such time as, and if and to the extent that it, as reasonably determined by the Firm, would not result in the imposition of any additional tax to you under Section 409A. 
 (h) Paragraph 14 15 and Section 3.4 of the Plan will not apply to Awards that are 409A Deferred Compensation except to the extent permitted under Section 409A. 
 (i) Delivery of RSU Shares in respect of any Award may be made, if and to the extent elected by the Committee, later than the Delivery Date or other date or period specified hereinabove (but, in the case of any Award that constitutes 409A Deferred Compensation, only to the extent that the later delivery is permitted under Section 409A). 
 (j) You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties due pursuant to Section 409A, but in no event will you be permitted to designate, directly or indirectly, the taxable year of the delivery. 
 Committee Authority, Amendment, Construction and Regulatory Reporting 
 19. Committee Authority . The Committee has the authority to determine, in its sole discretion, that any event triggering forfeiture or repayment of your Award will not apply, to limit the forfeitures and repayments that result under Paragraphs 9 and 10 and to remove Transfer Restrictions before the applicable Transferability Date. In addition, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may determine whether Paragraph 11 will apply upon a termination of Employment. 
 20. Amendment . The Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms of this Award Agreement, and the Board may amend the Plan in any respect provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing and Sections 1.3.2(f), 1.3.2(h) and 3.1 of the Plan, no such amendment will materially adversely affect your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement without your consent and provided further that the Committee expressly reserves its rights to amend the Award Agreement and the Plan as described in Sections 1.3.2(h)(1), (2) and (4) of the Plan. A modification that impacts the tax consequences of this Award or the timing of delivery of RSU Shares will not be an amendment that materially adversely affects your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement. Any amendment of this Award Agreement will be in writing. 
 21. Construction, Headings . Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) words describing the singular number include the plural and vice versa, (b) words denoting any gender include all genders and (c) the words include, includes and including will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The headings in this Award Agreement are for the purpose of convenience only and are not intended to define or limit the construction of the provisions hereof. References in this Award Agreement to any specific Plan provision will not be construed as limiting the applicability of any other Plan provision. 
 22. Providing Information to the Appropriate Authorities . In accordance with applicable law, nothing in this Award Agreement (including the forfeiture and repayment provisions in Paragraphs 9 and 10) or the Plan prevents you from providing information you reasonably believe to be true to the appropriate governmental authority, including a regulatory, judicial, administrative, or other governmental entity reporting possible violations of law or regulation making other disclosures that are protected under any applicable law or regulation or filing a charge or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by a governmental authority. For the avoidance of doubt, governmental authority includes federal, state and local government agencies such as the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and any state or local human rights agency e.g. , the New York State Division of Human Rights, the New York City Commission on Human Rights, the California Civil Rights Department), as well as law enforcement e.g. , the state Attorney General). Similarly, nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan prohibits you from speaking with your own attorney regarding your own legal rights or obligations. 
 - 11 - 

- 12 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , GS Inc. has caused this Award Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the Date of Grant. 
 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. 

- 13 - 

U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix 
 
 This Appendix supplements Paragraph 9 and sets forth additional events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your RSUs and Shares at Risk and may require repayment to the Firm of up to all other amounts previously delivered or paid to you under your Award in accordance with Paragraph 10. As with the events described in Paragraph 9, more than one event may apply, in no case will the occurrence of one event limit the forfeiture and repayment obligations as a result of the occurrence of any other event and the Firm reserves the right to (a) suspend delivery of RSU Shares or release of Transfer Restrictions, (b) deliver any RSU Shares or dividends into an escrow account in accordance with Paragraph 12 13 (f)(v) or (c) apply Transfer Restrictions to any RSU Shares in connection with any investigation of whether any of the events that result in forfeiture under this Appendix have occurred. 
 
 With respect to the events described in this Appendix, the Committee will consider certain factors to determine whether and what portion of your Award will terminate, including the reason for the Loss Event (as defined below) or Risk Event (as defined below) and the extent to which (1) you participated in the Loss Event or Risk Event, (2) your compensation for _____________ may or may not have been adjusted to take into account the risk associated with the Loss Event, Risk Event, your Serious Misconduct (as defined below) or the Serious Misconduct of a Supervised Employee (as defined below) and (3) your compensation may be adjusted for the year in which the Loss Event, Risk Event, your Serious Misconduct or a Supervised Employee s Serious Misconduct is discovered. 
 
 Paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this Appendix apply to your Additional and Supplemental RSUs. Paragraph (d) of this Appendix applies to your Additional RSUs only and does not apply to your Supplemental RSUs. 
 
 (a) A Loss Event Occurs Prior to Delivery . If a Loss Event occurs prior to the delivery of RSU Shares, your rights in respect of all or a portion of your RSUs which are scheduled to deliver on the next Delivery Date immediately following the date that the Loss Event is identified (or, if not practicable, then the next following Delivery Date) will terminate, and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs. 
 (i) A Loss Event means (A) an annual pre-tax loss at GS Inc. or (B) annual negative revenues in one or more reporting segments as disclosed in the Firm s Form 10-K other than the Asset & Management segment (or any successor or equivalent segment or sub-segment as determined by the Firm), or annual negative revenues in the Asset & Wealth Management segment (or any successor or equivalent segment or sub-segment as determined by the Firm) of 5 billion or more, provided in either case that you are employed in a business within such reporting segment. 
 (b) A Risk Event Occurs On or Before the Applicable End Date . If a Risk Event occurs on or before the Applicable End Date, (i) your rights in respect of all or a portion of your RSUs will terminate and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs, (ii) your rights to all or a portion of any Shares at Risk will terminate and such Shares at Risk will be cancelled and (iii) you will be obligated immediately upon demand therefor to pay the Firm an amount not in excess of the greater of the Fair Market Value of the RSU Shares (plus any dividend payments) delivered in respect of the Award (without reduction for any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations) determined as of (A) the date the Risk Event occurred and (B) the date that the repayment request is made. 
 (i) A Risk Event means there occurs a loss of 5 or more of firmwide total capital from a reportable operational risk event determined in accordance with the firmwide Reporting and Operational Risk Events Policy (or any successor policy). 
 (c) You Engage in Serious Misconduct On or Before the Applicable End Date . If you engage in Serious Misconduct during the period beginning on the applicable Transferability Date through the Applicable End Date , you will be obligated immediately upon demand therefor to pay the Firm an amount not in excess of the greater of the Fair Market Value of the RSU Shares (plus any dividend payments) delivered in respect of the Award (without reduction for any 
 - 14 - 

amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations) determined as of (i) the date the Serious Misconduct occurred and (ii) the date that the repayment request is made. 
 (i) Serious Misconduct means that you engage in conduct that the Firm reasonably considers, in its sole discretion, to be misconduct sufficient to justify summary termination of employment under English law. 
 (d) A Supervised Employee Engages in Serious Misconduct . If the Committee determines that it is appropriate to hold you accountable in whole or in part for Serious Misconduct related to compliance, control or risk that occurred during __________ by a Supervised Employee, your rights in respect of all or a portion of your RSUs will terminate and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs and your rights to all or a portion of any Shares at Risk will terminate and such Shares at Risk will be cancelled. 
 (i) Supervised Employee means an individual with respect to whom the Committee determines you had supervisory responsibility as a result of direct or indirect reporting lines or your management responsibility for an office, division or business. 
 (e) Certain Definitions . 
 (i) Applicable End Date means, with respect to each classification in the table below, the following 
 Classification Applicable End Date GSAMI MRT GSAMI Senior MRT UK MRT 
 
 (ii) GSAMI MRT means an individual other than a GSAMI Senior MRT or UK MRT who, at any point in ____ , was classified by the Firm as a GSAMI Material Risk Taker in accordance with the remuneration code under the UK Investment Firms Prudential Regime IFPR ). 
 (iii) GSAMI Senior MRT means an individual other than a UK MRT who, at any point in ____ , was classified by the Firm as a GSAMI Senior Material Risk Taker in accordance with the remuneration code under the IFPR. 
 (iv) UK MRT means an individual who, at any point in ____ , was classified by the Firm as a Material Risk Taker in accordance with the remuneration codes applicable to dual-regulated UK firms. 
 (v) For purposes of these definitions, if during ____ you were classified by the Firm as any combination of GSAMI MRT or GSAMI Senior MRT and UK MRT then your classification in the table above is UK MRT or as a combination of GSAMI MRT and GSAMI Senior MRT then your classification in the table above is GSAMI Senior MRT. 
 Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan, this Award Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement you may have with the Firm, the parties agree that to the extent that there is any dispute arising out of or relating to the payment required by Paragraphs (b) and (c) of this Appendix (including your refusal to remit payment) the parties will submit to arbitration in accordance with Paragraph 15 16 of this Award Agreement and Section 3.17 of the Plan as the sole means of resolution of such dispute (including the recovery by the Firm of the payment amount). 
 
 - 15 - 

GSBE Material Risk Taker Appendix 
 
 This Appendix supplements Paragraph 9 and sets forth additional events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your RSUs and Shares at Risk and may require repayment to the Firm of up to all other amounts previously delivered or paid to you under your Award in accordance with Paragraph 10. As with the events described in Paragraph 9, more than one event may apply, in no case will the occurrence of one event limit the forfeiture and repayment obligations as a result of the occurrence of any other event and the Firm reserves the right to (a) suspend vesting of Outstanding RSUs, delivery of RSU Shares or release of Transfer Restrictions, (b) deliver any RSU Shares or dividends into an escrow account in accordance with Paragraph 12 13 (f)(v) or (c) apply Transfer Restrictions to any RSU Shares in connection with any investigation of whether any of the events that result in forfeiture under this Appendix have occurred. 
 
 With respect to the events described in this Appendix, the Committee will consider all relevant factors in making the decision, in its sole discretion as to whether an Adjustment Event or Actionable Misconduct (both as defined below) have occurred. 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan, this Award Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement you may have with the Firm, the parties agree that to the extent that there is any dispute arising out of or relating to the payment required by this Appendix (including your refusal to remit payment) the parties will submit to arbitration in accordance with Paragraph 15 16 of this Award Agreement and Section 3.17 of the Plan as the sole means of resolution of such dispute (including the recovery by the Firm of the payment amount). 
 (a) An Adjustment Event Occurs with Respect to _______ . If an Adjustment Event (as defined below) occurs with respect to_________, (i) your rights in respect of all or a portion of your RSUs will terminate and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs, (ii) your rights to all or a portion of any Shares at Risk will terminate and such Shares at Risk will be cancelled, and (iii) you will be obligated immediately upon demand therefor to pay the Firm an amount not in excess of the greater of the Fair Market Value of the RSU Shares (plus any dividend payments) delivered in respect of the Award (without reduction for any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations) determined as of (A) the date the Adjustment Event occurred and (B) the date that the repayment request is made. 
 (i) Adjustment Event means that one of the following has occurred 
 A. you significantly contributed to, or were responsible for, any conduct that resulted in a loss of 0.75 or more of the total capital of GS Inc. 
 B. a material regulatory sanction for the Firm comprising one or more of the following 
 1. a moratorium pursuant to sec. 46g of the German Banking Act, 
 2. a measure in case of danger pursuant to sec. 46 of the German Banking Act, 
 3. the revocation of appointment of a manager pursuant to sec. 36 German Banking Act, 
 4. a fine pursuant to sec. 56 of the German Banking Act or a threatened penalty payment, if the fine or penalty payment amounts to 0.75 or more of the total capital of GS Inc., 
 5. the cancellation of the banking permit pursuant to sec. 35 of the German Banking Act, 
 - 16 - 

6. an order to increase the capital requirements Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (GSBE) by at least 0.5 pursuant to sec. 10 of the German Banking Act, 
 7. a measure in case of organizational deficiencies, 
 8. a comparable regulatory order, or 
 9. a material supervisory measure or 
 C. you acted in serious violation of relevant external or internal rules with respect to suitability and conduct, provided that a violation is considered serious if it suitable to justify a termination of employment for cause pursuant to sec. 626 German Civil Code or a termination of employment for misconduct pursuant to sec. 1 German Termination Protection Act. 
 (b) You Engage in Actionable Misconduct . If the Committee determines that you engaged in Actionable Misconduct, which if known (or if known, adequately considered) would have resulted in a reduction to your annual variable compensation when your variable compensation for that year was determined, your rights in respect of all or a portion of your RSUs (whether or not Vested) will terminate and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs. 
 (i) Actionable Misconduct means either or both of 
 A. Unethical behavior within the meaning of the IVV 
 B. Breach of duty within the meaning of the IVV. 
 (ii) IVV means the German Remuneration Ordinance for Institutions Institutsverg tungsverordnung and applicable guidance from the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) or the European Central Bank. 

- 17 - 

Definitions Appendix 
 
 The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the following meanings 
 (a) 409A Deferred Compensation means a deferral of compensation or deferred compensation as those terms are defined in the regulations under Section 409A. 
 (b) Associate With a Covered Enterprise means that you (i) form, or acquire a 5 or greater equity ownership, voting or profit participation interest in, any Covered Enterprise or (ii) associate in any capacity (including association as an officer, employee, partner, director, consultant, agent or advisor) with any Covered Enterprise. Associate With a Covered Enterprise may include, as determined in the discretion of either the Committee or the SIP Committee, (i) becoming the subject of any publicly available announcement or report of a pending or future association with a Covered Enterprise and (ii) unpaid associations, including an association in contemplation of future employment. Association With a Covered Enterprise will have its correlative meaning. 
 (c) Conflicted Employment means your employment at any U.S. Federal, state or local government, any non-U.S. government, any supranational or international organization, any self-regulatory organization, or any agency or instrumentality of any such government or organization, or any other employer (other than an Accounting Firm within the meaning of SEC Rule 2-01(f)(2) of Regulation S-X or any successor thereto) determined by the Committee, if, as a result of such employment, your continued holding of any Outstanding RSUs and Shares at Risk would result in an actual or perceived conflict of interest. 
 (d) Covered Enterprise means a Competitive Enterprise and any other existing or planned business enterprise that (i) offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer products or services that are the same as or similar to those offered by the Firm or that the Firm reasonably expects to offer Firm Products or Services or (ii) engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in any other activity that is the same as or similar to any financial activity engaged in by the Firm or in which the Firm reasonably expects to engage Firm Activities ). For the avoidance of doubt, Firm Activities include any activity that requires the same or similar skills as any financial activity engaged in by the Firm or in which the Firm reasonably expects to engage, irrespective of whether any such financial activity is in furtherance of an advisory, agency, proprietary or fiduciary undertaking. 
 The enterprises covered by this definition include enterprises that offer, hold themselves out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer Firm Products or Services, or engage in, hold themselves out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in Firm Activities directly, as well as those that do so indirectly by ownership or control e.g. , by owning, being owned by or by being under common ownership with an enterprise that offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer Firm Products or Services or that engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in Firm Activities). The definition of Covered Enterprise includes, solely by way of example, any enterprise that offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer any product or service, or engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in any activity, in any case, associated with investment banking public or private finance lending financial advisory services private investing for anyone other than you or your family members (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any type of proprietary investing or trading) private wealth management private banking consumer or commercial cash management consumer, digital or commercial banking merchant banking asset, portfolio or hedge fund management insurance or reinsurance underwriting or brokerage property management or securities, futures, commodities, energy, derivatives, currency or digital asset brokerage, sales, lending, custody, clearance, settlement or trading. An enterprise that offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer Firm Products or Services, or engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in Firm Activities is a Covered Enterprise , irrespective of whether the enterprise is a customer, client or counterparty of the Firm or is otherwise associated with the Firm and, because the Firm is a global enterprise, irrespective of where the Covered Enterprise is physically located. 
 - 18 - 

(e) Failed to Consider Risk means that you participated (or otherwise oversaw or were responsible for, depending on the circumstances, another individual s participation) in the structuring or marketing of any product or service, or participated on behalf of the Firm or any of its clients in the purchase or sale of any security or other property, in any case without appropriate consideration of the risk to the Firm or the broader financial system as a whole (for example, where you have improperly analyzed such risk or where you have failed sufficiently to raise concerns about such risk) and, as a result of such action or omission, the Committee determines there has been, or reasonably could be expected to be, a material adverse impact on the Firm, your business unit or the broader financial system. 
 (f) Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control means that the Firm terminates your Employment other than for Cause or you terminate your Employment for Good Reason, in each case, within 18 months following a Change in Control. 
 (g) Sarbanes-Oxley means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended. 
 (h) SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 (i) Selected Firm Personnel means any individual who is or in the three months preceding the conduct prohibited by Paragraph 9( a b )(ii) was (i) a Firm employee or consultant with whom you personally worked while employed by the Firm, (ii) a Firm employee or consultant who, at any time during the year preceding the date of the termination of your Employment, worked in the same division in which you worked or (iii) an Advisory Director, a Managing Director or a Senior Advisor of the Firm. 
 (j) Shares at Risk means RSU Shares subject to Transfer Restrictions. 
 - 19 - 

The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the meanings that are assigned to them in the Plan. 
 (a) Account means any brokerage account, custody account or similar account, as approved or required by GS Inc. from time to time, into which shares of Common Stock, cash or other property in respect of an Award are delivered. 
 (b) Award Agreement means the written document or documents by which each Award is evidenced, including any related Award Statement and signature card. 
 (c) Award Statement means a written statement that reflects certain Award terms. 
 (d) Board means the Board of Directors of GS Inc. 
 (e) Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or obligated by Federal law or executive order to be closed. 
 (f) Cause means (i) the Grantee s conviction, whether following trial or by plea of guilty or nolo contendere (or similar plea), in a criminal proceeding (A) on a misdemeanor charge involving fraud, false statements or misleading omissions, wrongful taking, embezzlement, bribery, forgery, counterfeiting or extortion, or (B) on a felony charge, or (C) on an equivalent charge to those in clauses (A) and (B) in jurisdictions which do not use those designations, (ii) the Grantee s engaging in any conduct which constitutes an employment disqualification under applicable law (including statutory disqualification as defined under the Exchange Act), (iii) the Grantee s willful failure to perform the Grantee s duties to the Firm, (iv) the Grantee s violation of any securities or commodities laws, any rules or regulations issued pursuant to such laws, or the rules and regulations of any securities or commodities exchange or association of which the Firm is a member, (v) the Grantee s violation of any Firm policy concerning hedging or pledging or confidential or proprietary information, or the Grantee s material violation of any other Firm policy as in effect from time to time, (vi) the Grantee s engaging in any act or making any statement which impairs, impugns, denigrates, disparages or negatively reflects upon the name, reputation or business interests of the Firm or (vii) the Grantee s engaging in any conduct detrimental to the Firm. The determination as to whether Cause has occurred shall be made by the Committee in its sole discretion and, in such case, the Committee also may, but shall not be required to, specify the date such Cause occurred (including by determining that a prior termination of Employment was for Cause). Any rights the Firm may have hereunder and in any Award Agreement in respect of the events giving rise to Cause shall be in addition to the rights the Firm may have under any other agreement with a Grantee or at law or in equity. 
 (g) Certificate means a stock certificate (or other appropriate document or evidence of ownership) representing shares of Common Stock. 
 (h) Change in Control means the consummation of a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving GS Inc. (a Reorganization or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of GS Inc. s assets to an entity that is not an affiliate of GS Inc. (a Sale ), that in each case requires the approval of GS Inc. s shareholders under the law of GS Inc. s jurisdiction of organization, whether for such Reorganization or Sale (or the issuance of securities of GS Inc. in such Reorganization or Sale), unless immediately following such Reorganization or Sale, either (i) at least 50 of the total voting power (in respect of the election of directors, or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of (A) the entity resulting from such Reorganization, or the entity which has acquired all or substantially all of the assets of GS Inc. in a Sale (in either case, the Surviving Entity ), or (B) if applicable, the ultimate parent entity that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, as such Rule is in effect on the date of the adoption of the 1999 SIP) of 50 or more of the total voting power (in respect of the election of directors, or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of the Surviving Entity (the Parent Entity is represented by GS Inc. s securities (the GS Inc. Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to such Reorganization or Sale (or, if applicable, is represented by shares into which such GS Inc. Securities were converted pursuant to such Reorganization or Sale) or (ii) at least 
 - 20 - 

50 of the members of the board of directors (or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of the Parent Entity (or, if there is no Parent Entity, the Surviving Entity) following the consummation of the Reorganization or Sale were, at the time of the Board s approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Reorganization or Sale, individuals (the Incumbent Directors who either (A) were members of the Board on the Effective Date or (B) became directors subsequent to the Effective Date and whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of GS Inc. s proxy statement in which such persons are named as nominees for director). 
 (i) Client means any client or prospective client of the Firm to whom the Grantee provided services, or for whom the Grantee transacted business, or whose identity became known to the Grantee in connection with the Grantee s relationship with or employment by the Firm. 
 (j) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rulings and regulations thereunder. 
 (k) Committee means the committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan pursuant to Section 1.3, and, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for the compensation realized from Awards under the Plan to be considered performance based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is an outside director within the meaning of Code Section 162(m), and which, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for Awards under the Plan to qualify for the exemption available under Rule 16b-3(d)(1) or Rule 16b-3(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Committee shall be the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 (l) Common Stock means common stock of GS Inc., par value 0.01 per share. 
 (m) Competitive Enterprise means an existing or planned business enterprise that (i) engages, or may reasonably be expected to engage, in any activity (ii) owns or controls, or may reasonably be expected to own or control, a significant interest in any entity that engages in any activity or (iii) is, or may reasonably be expected to be, owned by, or a significant interest in which is, or may reasonably be expected to be, owned or controlled by, any entity that engages in any activity that, in any case, competes or will compete anywhere with any activity in which the Firm is engaged. The activities covered by this definition include, without limitation financial services such as investment banking public or private finance lending financial advisory services private investing for anyone other than the Grantee and members of the Grantee s family (including for the avoidance of doubt, any type of proprietary investing or trading) private wealth management private banking consumer or commercial cash management consumer, digital or commercial banking merchant banking asset, portfolio or hedge fund management insurance or reinsurance underwriting or brokerage property management or securities, futures, commodities, energy, derivatives, currency or digital asset brokerage, sales, lending, custody, clearance, settlement or trading. 
 (n) Covered Person means a member of the Board or the Committee or any employee of the Firm. 
 (o) Date of Grant means the date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as the date of grant of the Award. 
 (p) Delivery Date means each date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as a delivery date, provided , unless the Committee determines otherwise, such date is during a Window Period or, if such date is not during a Window Period, the first trading day of the first Window Period beginning after such date. 
 (q) Dividend Equivalent Right means a dividend equivalent right granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay to the Grantee amounts equal to all or any 
 - 21 - 

portion of the regular cash dividends that would be paid on shares of Common Stock covered by an Award if such shares had been delivered pursuant to an Award. 
 (r) Effective Date means the date this Plan is approved by the shareholders of GS Inc. pursuant to Section 3.15 of the Plan. 
 (s) Employment means the Grantee s performance of services for the Firm, as determined by the Committee. The terms employ and employed shall have their correlative meanings. The Committee in its sole discretion may determine (i) whether and when a Grantee s leave of absence results in a termination of Employment (for this purpose, unless the Committee determines otherwise, a Grantee shall be treated as terminating Employment with the Firm upon the occurrence of an Extended Absence), (ii) whether and when a change in a Grantee s association with the Firm results in a termination of Employment and (iii) the impact, if any, of any such leave of absence or change in association on Awards theretofore made. Unless expressly provided otherwise, any references in the Plan or any Award Agreement to a Grantee s Employment being terminated shall include both voluntary and involuntary terminations. 
 (t) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
 (u) Extended Absence means the Grantee s inability to perform for six (6) continuous months, due to illness, injury or pregnancy-related complications, substantially all the essential duties of the Grantee s occupation, as determined by the Committee. 
 (v) Firm means GS Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 (w) Good Reason means, in connection with a termination of employment by a Grantee following a Change in Control, (a) as determined by the Committee, a materially adverse alteration in the Grantee s position or in the nature or status of the Grantee s responsibilities from those in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control or (b) the Firm s requiring the Grantee s principal place of Employment to be located more than seventy-five (75) miles from the location where the Grantee is principally Employed at the time of the Change in Control (except for required travel on the Firm s business to an extent substantially consistent with the Grantee s customary business travel obligations in the ordinary course of business prior to the Change in Control). 
 (x) Grantee means a person who receives an Award. 
 (y) GS Inc. means The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 (z) 1999 SIP means The Goldman Sachs 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, as in effect prior to the effective date of the 2003 SIP. 
 (aa) Outstanding means any Award to the extent it has not been forfeited, cancelled, terminated, exercised or with respect to which the shares of Common Stock underlying the Award have not been previously delivered or other payments made. 
 (ab) Restricted Share means a share of Common Stock delivered under the Plan that is subject to Transfer Restrictions, forfeiture provisions and or other terms and conditions specified herein and in the Restricted Share Award Agreement or other applicable Award Agreement. All references to Restricted Shares include Shares at Risk. 
 (ac) RSU means a restricted stock unit granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the RSU Award Agreement. 
 (ad) RSU Shares means shares of Common Stock that underlie an RSU. 
 - 22 - 

(ae) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, including any amendments or successor provisions to that Section and any regulations and other administrative guidance thereunder, in each case as they, from time to time, may be amended or interpreted through further administrative guidance. 
 (af) SIP Administrator means each person designated by the Committee as a SIP Administrator with the authority to perform day-to-day administrative functions for the Plan. 
 (ag) SIP Committee means the persons who have been delegated certain authority under the Plan by the Committee. 
 (ah) Solicit means any direct or indirect communication of any kind whatsoever, regardless of by whom initiated, inviting, advising, suggesting, encouraging or requesting any person or entity, in any manner, to take or refrain from taking any action. The terms Solicited, Soliciting and Solicitation will have their correlative meanings. 
 (ai) Transfer Restrictions means restrictions that prohibit the sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, fractionalization, hedge or other disposal (including through the use of any cash-settled instrument), whether voluntarily or involuntarily by the Grantee, of an Award or any shares of Common Stock, cash or other property delivered in respect of an Award. 
 (aj) Transferability Date means the date Transfer Restrictions on a Restricted Share will be released. Within 30 Business Days after the applicable Transferability Date, GS Inc. shall take, or shall cause to be taken, such steps as may be necessary to remove Transfer Restrictions. 
 (ak) Vested means, with respect to an Award, the portion of the Award that is not subject to a condition that the Grantee remain actively employed by the Firm in order for the Award to remain Outstanding. The fact that an Award becomes Vested shall not mean or otherwise indicate that the Grantee has an unconditional or nonforfeitable right to such Award, and such Award shall remain subject to such terms, conditions and forfeiture provisions as may be provided for in the Plan or in the Award Agreement. 
 (al) Window Period means a period designated by the Firm during which all employees of the Firm are permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock provided that, if the Grantee is a member of a designated group of employees who are subject to different restrictions, the Window Period may be a period designated by the Firm during which an employee of the Firm in such designated group is permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock). 
 - 23 - 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-10.36>
 8
 a1036_formxofxyear-endxrsu.htm
 EX-10.36

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.36 

 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. ______ Year-End RSU Award 
 This Award Agreement, together with The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (2021) (the Plan ), governs your ____ year-end award of RSUs (your Award ). You should read carefully this entire Award Agreement, which includes the Award Statement, any attached Appendix and the signature card. 
 Acceptance 
 1. You Must Decide Whether to Accept this Award Agreement . To be eligible to receive your Award, you must by the date specified (a) open and activate an Account and (b) agree to all the terms of your Award by executing the related signature card in accordance with its instructions. By executing the signature card, you confirm your agreement to all of the terms of this Award Agreement, including the arbitration and choice of forum provisions in Paragraph 16. 
 Documents that Govern Your Award Definitions 
 2. The Plan . Your Award is granted under the Plan, and the Plan s terms apply to, and are a part of, this Award Agreement. 
 3. Your Award Statement . The Award Statement delivered to you contains some of your Award s specific terms. For example, it contains the type and number of RSUs awarded to you and any applicable Vesting Dates, Delivery Dates and Transferability Dates. The portion of your RSUs that are designated on the Award Statement as ____ Year-End Base RSUs are referred to in this Award Agreement as Base RSUs. The portion of your RSUs that are designated on the Award Statement as ____ Year-End Additional Base RSUs are referred to in this Award Agreement as Additional Base RSUs. The portion of your RSUs that are designated on the Award Statement as ____ Year-End Supplemental RSUs are referred to in this Award Agreement as Supplemental RSUs. All references to RSUs in this Award Agreement include the Base RSUs, the Additional Base RSUs and the Supplemental RSUs. 
 4. Definitions . Unless otherwise defined herein, including in the Definitions Appendix or any other Appendix, capitalized terms have the meanings provided in the Plan. 
 Vesting of Your RSUs 
 5. Vesting . 
 (a) On each Vesting Date listed on your Award Statement, you will become Vested in the amount and type of RSUs listed next to that date. 
 (b) When an RSU becomes Vested, it means only that your continued active Employment is not required for delivery of that portion of RSU Shares. Vesting does not mean you have a non-forfeitable right to the Vested portion of your Award. The terms of this Award Agreement (including conditions to delivery and any applicable Transfer Restrictions) continue to apply to Vested RSUs, and you can still forfeit Vested RSUs and any RSU Shares . 
 Delivery of Your RSU Shares 
 6. Delivery . Reasonably promptly (but no more than 30 Business Days) after each Delivery Date listed on your Award Statement, RSU Shares (less applicable withholding as described in Paragraph 13(a)) will be delivered (by book entry credit to your Account) in respect of the amount of Outstanding RSUs listed next to that date. The Committee or the SIP Committee may select multiple dates within the 30-Business-Day period following the Delivery Date to deliver RSU Shares in respect of all or a portion of the RSUs with the same Delivery Date listed on the Award Statement, and all such dates will be treated 

as a single Delivery Date for purposes of this Award. Until such delivery, you have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor, and no rights as a shareholder of GS Inc. Without limiting the Committee s authority under Section 1.3.2(h) of the Plan, the Firm may accelerate any Delivery Date by up to 30 days. 
 Transfer Restrictions Following Delivery 
 7. Transfer Restrictions and Shares at Risk . 
 (a) ___ percent of the RSU Shares that are delivered on any date will be Shares at Risk subject to Transfer Restrictions until the applicable Transferability Date , as set forth on your Award Statement . 
 (b) Purported Transactions that Violate the Transfer Restrictions Are Void . Any purported sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, fractionalization, hedge or other disposition in violation of the Transfer Restrictions on Shares at Risk will be void. 
 (c) Removal of Transfer Restrictions . Within 30 Business Days after the applicable Transferability Date (or any other date on which the Transfer Restrictions are to be removed), GS Inc. will remove the Transfer Restrictions. The Committee or the SIP Committee may select multiple dates within such 30-Business-Day period on which to remove Transfer Restrictions for all or a portion of the Shares at Risk with the same Transferability Date, and all such dates will be treated as a single Transferability Date for purposes of this Award. 
 Dividends 
 8. Dividend Equivalent Rights and Dividends . Each RSU includes a Dividend Equivalent Right, which entitles you to receive an amount (less applicable withholding), at or after the time of distribution of any regular cash dividend paid by GS Inc. in respect of a share of Common Stock, equal to any regular cash dividend payment that would have been made in respect of an RSU Share underlying your Outstanding RSUs for any record date that occurs on or after the Date of Grant. In addition, y Y ou will be entitled to receive on a current basis any regular cash dividend paid in respect of your Shares at Risk. The RSUs do not include Dividend Equivalent Rights. 
 Forfeiture of Your Award 
 9. How You May Forfeit Your Award . This Paragraph 9 sets forth the events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your RSUs and Shares at Risk and may require repayment to the Firm of up to all other amounts previously delivered or paid to you under your Award in accordance with Paragraph 10. More than one event may apply, and in no case will the occurrence of one event limit the forfeiture and repayment obligations as a result of the occurrence of any other event. In addition, the Firm reserves the right to (a) suspend vesting of Outstanding RSUs, payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights, delivery of RSU Shares or release of Transfer Restrictions, (b) deliver any RSU Shares , or dividends or payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights into an escrow account in accordance with Paragraph 13(f)(v) or (c) apply Transfer Restrictions to any RSU Shares in connection with any investigation of whether any of the events that result in forfeiture under the Plan or this Paragraph 9 have occurred. Paragraph 11 (relating to certain circumstances under which you will not forfeit your unvested RSUs upon Employment termination) and Paragraph 12 (relating to certain circumstances under which vesting, delivery and or release of Transfer Restrictions may be accelerated) provide for exceptions to one or more provisions of this Paragraph 9. Each of t T he U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix and the GSBE Material Risk Taker Appendix supplements this Paragraph 9 and sets forth additional events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your RSUs and Shares at Risk and may require repayment to the Firm as described in Paragraph 10 and , the U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix and the GSBE Material Risk Taker Appendix . 
 (a) Unvested RSUs Forfeited if Your Employment Terminates . If your Employment terminates for any reason or you are otherwise no longer actively Employed with the Firm (which includes off-premises notice periods, garden leaves, pay in lieu of notice or any other similar 
 - 2 - 

status), your rights to your Outstanding RSUs that are not Vested will terminate, and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs. 
 (b) Vested and Unvested Base and Additional Base RSUs Forfeited Upon Certain Events . If any of the following occurs before the applicable Delivery Date, your rights to all of your Outstanding Base and Additional Base RSUs (whether or not Vested) will terminate, and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs 
 (i) You Solicit Clients or Employees, Interfere with Client or Employee Relationships or Participate in the Hiring of Employees . Except as prohibited by applicable law, either 
 (A) you, in any manner, directly or indirectly, (1) Solicit any Client to transact business with a Covered Enterprise or to reduce or refrain from doing any business with the Firm, (2) interfere with or damage (or attempt to interfere with or damage) any relationship between the Firm and any Client, (3) Solicit any person who is an employee of the Firm to resign from the Firm, (4) Solicit any Selected Firm Personnel to apply for or accept employment (or other association) with any person or entity other than the Firm or (5) participate in the hiring of any Selected Firm Personnel by any person or entity other than the Firm (including, without limitation, participating in the identification of individuals for potential hire, and participating in any hiring decision), whether as an employee or consultant or otherwise, or 
 (B) Selected Firm Personnel are Solicited, hired or accepted into partnership, membership or similar status by any entity where you have, or will have, direct or indirect managerial responsibility for such Selected Firm Personnel, unless the Committee determines that you were not involved in such Solicitation, hiring or acceptance. 
 (ii) GS Inc. Fails to Maintain the Minimum Tier 1 Capital Ratio . GS Inc. fails to maintain the required Minimum Tier 1 Capital Ratio as defined under Federal Reserve Board Regulations applicable to GS Inc. for a period of 90 consecutive business days. 
 (iii) GS Inc. Is Determined to Be in Default . The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC makes a written recommendation under Title II (Orderly Liquidation Authority) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act for the appointment of the FDIC as a receiver of GS Inc. based on a determination that GS Inc. is in default or in danger of default. 
 (c) Vested and Unvested Base, Additional Base and Supplemental RSUs and Shares at Risk Forfeited upon Certain Events . If any of the following occurs (i) your rights to all of your Outstanding RSUs (whether or not Vested) will terminate, and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs and (ii) your rights to all of your Shares at Risk will terminate and your Shares at Risk will be cancelled, in each case, as may be further described below 
 (i) You Failed to Consider Risk . You Failed to Consider Risk during _______. 
 (ii) Your Conduct Constitutes Cause . Any event that constitutes Cause (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Serious Misconduct as defined in the U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix) has occurred before the applicable Delivery Date for RSUs or the applicable Transferability Date for Shares at Risk. 
 (iii) You Do Not Meet Your Obligations to the Firm . The Committee determines that, before the applicable Delivery Date for RSUs or the applicable Transferability Date for Shares at Risk, you failed to meet, in any respect, any obligation under any agreement with the Firm, or any agreement entered into in connection with your Employment or this Award, including the Firm s notice period requirement applicable to you, any offer letter, employment agreement or any shareholders agreement relating to the Firm. Your failure to pay or reimburse the Firm, on demand, for any amount you owe to the Firm will constitute (A) failure to meet an 
 - 3 - 

obligation you have under an agreement, regardless of whether such obligation arises under a written agreement, and or (B) a material violation of Firm policy constituting Cause. 
 (iv) You Do Not Provide Timely Certifications or Comply with Your Certifications . You fail to certify to GS Inc. that you have complied with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement, or the Committee determines that you have failed to comply with a term of the Plan or this Award Agreement to which you have certified compliance. 
 (v) You Do Not Follow Dispute Resolution Arbitration Procedures . You attempt to have any dispute under the Plan or this Award Agreement resolved in any manner that is not provided for by Paragraph 16 or Section 3.17 of the Plan, or you attempt to arbitrate a dispute without first having exhausted your internal administrative remedies in accordance with Paragraph 13(f)(viii). 
 (vi) You Bring an Action that Results in a Determination that Any Award Agreement Term Is Invalid . As a result of any action brought by you, it is determined that any term of this Award Agreement is invalid. 
 (vii) You Receive Compensation in Respect of Your Award from Another Employer . Your Employment terminates for any reason or you otherwise are no longer actively Employed with the Firm and another entity grants you cash, equity or other property (whether vested or unvested) to replace, substitute for or otherwise in respect of any Outstanding RSUs or Shares at Risk provided , however , that your rights will only be terminated in respect of the RSUs and Shares at Risk that are replaced, substituted for or otherwise considered by such other entity in making its grant. 
 Repayment of Your Award 
 10. When You May Be Required to Repay Your Award . If the Committee determines that any term of this Award was not satisfied, you will be required, immediately upon demand therefor, to repay to the Firm the following 
 (a) Any RSU Shares (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes any Shares at Risk) for which the terms (including the terms for delivery) of the related RSUs were not satisfied, in accordance with Section 2.6.3 of the Plan. 
 (b) Any Shares at Risk for which the terms (including the terms for the release of Transfer Restrictions) were not satisfied, in accordance with Section 2.5.3 of the Plan. 
 (c) Any RSU Shares that were delivered (but not subject to Transfer Restrictions) at the same time any Shares at Risk that are cancelled or required to be repaid were delivered. 
 (d) Any payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights for which the terms were not satisfied (including any such payments made in respect of RSUs that are forfeited or RSU Shares that are cancelled or required to be repaid), in accordance with Section 2.8.3 of the Plan. 
 (e) Any dividends paid in respect of any RSU Shares that are cancelled or required to be repaid. 
 (f) Any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations with respect to any RSUs, RSU Shares , and dividend payments and payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights that are forfeited or required to be repaid. 
 Exceptions to the Vesting, Delivery and or Transferability Dates 
 11. Circumstances Under Which You Will Not Forfeit Your Unvested RSUs on Employment Termination (but the Original Delivery Date and Transferability Date Continue to 
 - 4 - 

Apply) . If your Employment terminates at a time when you meet the requirements for Extended Absence, Retirement, downsizing or Approved Termination, each as described below, then Paragraph 9(a) will not apply, and your Outstanding RSUs will be treated as described in this Paragraph 11. All other terms of this Award Agreement, including the other forfeiture and repayment events in Paragraphs 9 and 10, continue to apply. 
 (a) Extended Absence or Retirement and No Association With a Covered Enterprise . 
 (i) Generally . If your Employment terminates by Extended Absence or Retirement, your Outstanding RSUs that are not Vested will be treated as Vested. However, your rights to any Outstanding RSU that are treated as Vested by this Paragraph 11(a)(i) will terminate and no RSU Share will be delivered in respect of that RSU if you Associate With a Covered Enterprise on or before the originally scheduled Vesting Date for that RSU . You acknowledge and agree that if any portion of the preceding sentence is unenforceable under applicable law, or is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Paragraph 11(a)(i) is inapplicable to you and your rights to any Outstanding RSUs that were treated as Vested or otherwise would have been treated as Vested because of Extended Absence or Retirement will be cancelled. 
 (ii) Special Treatment for Involuntary or Mutual Agreement Termination . The second sentence of Paragraph 11(a)(i) (relating to forfeiture if you Associate With a Covered Enterprise) will not apply if (A) the Firm characterizes your Employment termination as involuntary or by mutual agreement (and, in each case, you have not engaged in conduct constituting Cause) and (B) you execute a general waiver and release of claims and an agreement to pay any associated tax liability, in each case, in the form the Firm prescribes. No Employment termination that you initiate, including any purported constructive termination, a termination for good reason or similar concepts, can be involuntary or by mutual agreement. 
 (b) Downsizing . If (i) the Firm terminates your Employment solely by reason of a downsizing (and you have not engaged in conduct constituting Cause) and (ii) you execute a general waiver and release of claims and an agreement to pay any associated tax liability, in each case, in the form the Firm prescribes, your Outstanding RSUs that are not yet Vested will become Vested. Whether or not your Employment is terminated solely by reason of a downsizing will be determined by the Firm in its sole discretion. 
 (c) Approved Terminations of Fixed-Term Employees . If the Firm classifies you as a fixed-term employee and your Employment terminates solely by reason of an Approved Termination (and you have not engaged in conduct constituting Cause), your Outstanding RSUs that are not yet Vested will become Vested. 
 12. Accelerated Vesting, Delivery and or Release of Transfer Restrictions in the Event of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, Conflicted Employment or Death . In the event of your Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, Conflicted Employment or death, each as described below, then Paragraph 9(a) will not apply, your Outstanding RSUs and Shares at Risk will be treated as described in this Paragraph 12, and, except as set forth in Paragraph 12(a), all other terms of this Award Agreement, including the other forfeiture and repayment events in Paragraphs 9 and 10, continue to apply. 
 (a) You Have a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control . If your Employment terminates when you meet the requirements of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, the RSU Shares underlying your Outstanding RSUs (whether or not Vested) will be delivered, and any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply. In addition, the forfeiture events in Paragraph 9 will not apply to your Award. 
 (b) You Are Determined to Have Accepted Conflicted Employment . 
 (i) Generally . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or otherwise, for purposes of this Award Agreement, Conflicted Employment means your 
 - 5 - 

employment at any U.S. Federal, state or local government, any non-U.S. government, any supranational or international organization, any self-regulatory organization, or any agency or instrumentality of any such government or organization, or any other employer (other than an Accounting Firm within the meaning of SEC Rule 2-01(f)(2) of Regulation S-X or any successor thereto) determined by the Committee, if, as a result of such employment, your continued holding of any Outstanding RSUs and Shares at Risk would result in an actual or perceived conflict of interest. Unless prohibited by applicable law or regulation, the following will apply as soon as practicable after the Committee has received satisfactory documentation relating to your Conflicted Employment. 
 (A) Vesting . If your Employment terminates solely because you resign to accept Conflicted Employment and you have completed at least three years of continuous service with the Firm, your Outstanding RSUs will Vest otherwise, you will forfeit any Outstanding RSUs that are not Vested in accordance with Paragraph 9(a). 
 (B) Delivery and Release of Transfer Restrictions . If your Employment terminates solely because you resign to accept Conflicted Employment or if, following your termination of Employment, you notify the Firm that you are accepting Conflicted Employment, RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of your Outstanding Vested RSUs (including in the form of cash as described in Paragraph 13(b)) and any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply. 
 (ii) You May Have to Take Other Steps to Address Conflicts of Interest . The Committee retains the authority to exercise its rights under the Award Agreement or the Plan (including Section 1.3.2 of the Plan) to take or require you to take other steps it determines in its sole discretion to be necessary or appropriate to cure an actual or perceived conflict of interest (which may include a determination that the accelerated vesting, delivery and or release of Transfer Restrictions described in Paragraph 12(b)(i) will not apply because such actions are not necessary or appropriate to cure an actual or perceived conflict of interest). 
 (c) Death . If you die, the RSU Shares underlying your Outstanding RSUs (whether or not Vested) will be delivered to your Account and any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply as soon as practicable after the date of death and after such documentation as may be requested by the Committee is provided to the Committee. 
 Other Terms, Conditions and Agreements 
 13. Additional Terms, Conditions and Agreements . 
 (a) You Must Satisfy Applicable Tax Withholding Requirements . Delivery of RSU Shares is conditioned on your satisfaction of any applicable withholding taxes in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Plan, which includes the Firm deducting or withholding amounts from any payment or distribution to you. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Firm, in its sole discretion, may require you to provide amounts equal to all or a portion of any Federal, state, local, foreign or other tax obligations imposed on you or the Firm in connection with the grant, Vesting or delivery of this Award by requiring you to choose between remitting the amount (i) in cash (or through payroll deduction or otherwise) or (ii) in the form of proceeds from the Firm s executing a sale of RSU Shares delivered to you under this Award. In no event, however, does this Paragraph 13(a) give you any discretion to determine or affect the timing of the delivery of RSU Shares or the timing of payment of tax obligations. 
 (b) Firm May Deliver Cash or Other Property Instead of RSU Shares . In accordance with Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, in the sole discretion of the Committee, in lieu of all or any portion of the RSU Shares, the Firm may deliver cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property, and all references in this Award Agreement to deliveries of RSU Shares will include such deliveries of cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property. 
 - 6 - 

(c) Amounts May Be Rounded to Avoid Fractional Shares . RSUs that become Vested on a Vesting Date, RSU Shares that become deliverable on a Delivery Date and RSU Shares subject to Transfer Restrictions may, in each case, be rounded to avoid fractional Shares. 
 (d) You May Be Required to Become a Party to the Shareholders Agreement . Your rights to your RSUs are conditioned on your becoming a party to any shareholders agreement to which other similarly situated employees e.g ., employees with a similar title or position) of the Firm are required to be a party. 
 (e) Firm May Affix Legends and Place Stop Orders on Restricted RSU Shares . GS Inc. may affix to Certificates representing RSU Shares any legend that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable (including to reflect any restrictions to which you may be subject under a separate agreement). GS Inc. may advise the transfer agent to place a stop order against any legended RSU Shares. 
 (f) You Agree to Certain Consents, Terms and Conditions . By accepting this Award you understand and agree that 
 (i) You Agree to Certain Consents as a Condition to the Award . You have expressly consented to all of the items listed in Section 3.3.3(d) of the Plan, including the Firm s supplying to any third-party recordkeeper of the Plan or other person such personal information of yours as the Committee deems advisable to administer the Plan, and you agree to provide any additional consents that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable 
 (ii) You Are Subject to the Firm s Policies, Rules and Procedures . You are subject to the Firm s policies in effect from time to time concerning trading in RSU Shares and hedging or pledging RSU Shares and equity-based compensation or other awards (including, without limitation, the Firmwide Policy with Respect to Personal Transactions Involving GS Securities and GS Equity Awards or any successor policies), and confidential or proprietary information, and you will effect sales of RSU Shares in accordance with such rules and procedures as may be adopted from time to time (which may include, without limitation, restrictions relating to the timing of sale requests, the manner in which sales are executed, pricing method, consolidation or aggregation of orders and volume limits determined by the Firm) 
 (iii) You Are Responsible for Costs Associated with Your Award . You will be responsible for all brokerage costs and other fees or expenses associated with your RSUs, including those related to the sale of RSU Shares 
 (iv) You Will Be Deemed to Represent Your Compliance with All the Terms of Your Award if You Accept Delivery of, or Sell, RSU Shares . You will be deemed to have represented and certified that you have complied with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement when RSU Shares are delivered to you , you receive payment in respect of Dividend Equivalent Rights and you request the sale of RSU Shares following the release of Transfer Restrictions 
 (v) Firm May Deliver Your Award into an Escrow Account . The Firm may establish and maintain an escrow account on such terms (which may include your executing any documents related to, and your paying for any costs associated with, such account) as it may deem necessary or appropriate, and the delivery of RSU Shares (including Shares at Risk) or the payment of cash (including dividends and payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights or other property may initially be made into and held in that escrow account until such time as the Committee has received such documentation as it may have requested or until the Committee has determined that any other conditions or restrictions on delivery of RSU Shares, cash or other property required by this Award Agreement have been satisfied 
 (vi) You May Be Required to Certify Compliance with Award Terms You Are Responsible for Providing the Firm with Updated Address and Contact Information After Your Departure from the Firm . If your Employment terminates while you continue to hold RSUs 
 - 7 - 

or Shares at Risk, from time to time, you may be required to provide certifications of your compliance with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement as described in Paragraph 9(c)(iv). You understand and agree that (A) your address on file with the Firm at the time any certification is required will be deemed to be your current address, (B) it is your responsibility to inform the Firm of any changes to your address to ensure timely receipt of the certification materials, (C) you are responsible for contacting the Firm to obtain such certification materials if not received and (D) your failure to return properly completed certification materials by the specified deadline (which includes your failure to timely return the completed certification because you did not provide the Firm with updated contact information) will result in the forfeiture of all of your RSUs and Shares at Risk and subject previously delivered amounts to repayment under Paragraph 9(c)(iv) 
 (vii) You Authorize the Firm to Register, in Its or Its Designee s Name, Any Shares at Risk and Sell, Assign or Transfer Any Forfeited Shares at Risk . You are granting to the Firm the full power and authority to register any Shares at Risk in its or its designee s name and authorizing the Firm or its designee to sell, assign or transfer any Shares at Risk if you forfeit your Shares at Risk 
 (viii) You Must Comply with Applicable Deadlines and Procedures to Appeal Determinations Made by the Committee, the SIP Committee or SIP Administrators . If you disagree with a determination made by the Committee, the SIP Committee, the SIP Administrators, or any of their delegates or designees and you wish to appeal such determination, you must submit a written request to the SIP Committee for review within 180 days after the determination at issue. You must exhaust your internal administrative remedies i.e. , submit your appeal and wait for resolution of that appeal) before seeking to resolve a dispute through arbitration pursuant to Paragraph 16 and Section 3.17 of the Plan and 
 (ix) You Agree that Covered Persons Will Not Have Liability . In addition to and without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 1.3.5 of the Plan, neither the Firm nor any Covered Person will have any liability to you or any other person for any action taken or omitted in respect of this or any other Award. 
 14. Non-transferability . Except as otherwise may be provided in this Paragraph 14 or as otherwise may be provided by the Committee, the limitations on transferability set forth in Section 3.5 of the Plan will apply to this Award. Any purported transfer or assignment in violation of the provisions of this Paragraph 14 or Section 3.5 of the Plan will be void. The Committee may adopt procedures pursuant to which some or all recipients of RSUs may transfer some or all of their RSUs and or Shares at Risk (which will continue to be subject to Transfer Restrictions until the applicable Transferability Date) through a gift for no consideration to any immediate family member, a trust or other estate planning vehicle approved by the Committee or SIP Committee in which the recipient and or the recipient s immediate family members in the aggregate have 100 of the beneficial interest. 
 15. Right of Offset . Except as provided in Paragraph 18( g h ), the obligation to deliver RSU Shares, to pay dividends or payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights or to remove the Transfer Restrictions under this Award Agreement is subject to Section 3.4 of the Plan, which provides for the Firm s right to offset against such obligation any outstanding amounts you owe to the Firm and any amounts the Committee deems appropriate pursuant to any tax equalization policy or agreement. 
 Arbitration, Choice of Forum and Governing Law 
 16. Arbitration Choice of Forum . 
 (a) By accepting this award, you are indicating that you understand and agree that the arbitration and choice of forum provisions set forth in Section 3.17 of the Plan will apply to this Award to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. These provisions, which are expressly incorporated herein by reference, provide among other things that any dispute, controversy or claim between the Firm and you arising out of or relating to or concerning the Plan or this Award Agreement will be finally settled by arbitration, 
 - 8 - 

pursuant to the terms more fully set forth in Section 3.17 of the Plan provided that nothing herein shall preclude you from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any governmental authority, including but not limited to the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and a state or local human rights agency, as well as law enforcement. 
 (b) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitrator will have the authority to consider class, collective or representative claims, to order consolidation or to join different claimants or grant relief other than on an individual basis to the individual claimant involved. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any applicable forum rules to the contrary, to the extent there is a question of enforceability of this Award Agreement arising from a challenge to the arbitrator s jurisdiction or to the arbitrability of a claim, it will be decided by a court and not an arbitrator. 
 (d) The Federal Arbitration Act governs interpretation and enforcement of all arbitration provisions under the Plan and this Award Agreement, and all arbitration proceedings thereunder. 
 (e) Nothing in this Award Agreement creates a substantive right to bring a claim under U.S. Federal, state, or local employment laws. 
 (f) By accepting your Award, you irrevocably appoint each General Counsel of GS Inc., or any person whom the General Counsel of GS Inc. designates, as your agent for service of process in connection with any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to or concerning the Plan or any Award which is not arbitrated pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.17.1 of the Plan, who shall promptly advise you of any such service of process. 
 (g) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitrator will have the authority to consider any claim as to which you have not first exhausted your internal administrative remedies in accordance with Paragraph 13(f)(viii). 
 17. Governing Law . This Award will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. 
 Certain Tax Provisions 
 18. Compliance of Award Agreement and Plan with Section 409A . The provisions of this Paragraph 18 apply to you only if you are a U.S. taxpayer. 
 (a) This Award Agreement and the Plan provisions that apply to this Award are intended and will be construed to comply with Section 409A (including the requirements applicable to, or the conditions for exemption from treatment as, 409A Deferred Compensation), whether by reason of short-term deferral treatment or other exceptions or provisions. The Committee will have full authority to give effect to this intent. To the extent necessary to give effect to this intent, in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between the provisions of the Plan (including Sections 1.3.2 and 2.1 thereof) and this Award Agreement, the provisions of this Award Agreement will govern, and in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between this Paragraph 18 and the other provisions of this Award Agreement, this Paragraph 18 will govern. 
 (b) Delivery of RSU Shares will not be delayed beyond the date on which all applicable conditions or restrictions on delivery of RSU Shares required by this Agreement (including those specified in Paragraphs 6, 7, 11(a)(ii), 11(b), 12(c) and 13 and the consents and other items specified in Section 3.3 of the Plan) are satisfied. To the extent that any portion of this Award is intended to satisfy the requirements for short-term deferral treatment under Section 409A, delivery for such portion will occur by the March 15 coinciding with the last day of the applicable short-term deferral period described in Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4) in order for the delivery 
 - 9 - 

of RSU Shares to be within the short-term deferral exception unless, in order to permit all applicable conditions or restrictions on delivery to be satisfied, the Committee elects, pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted in accordance with Section 409A, to delay delivery of RSU Shares to a later date within the same calendar year or to such later date as may be permitted under Section 409A, including Reg. 1.409A-3(d). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Award includes a series of installment payments as described in Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii), your right to the series of installment payments will be treated as a right to a series of separate payments and not as a right to a single payment. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 13(b) and Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, any securities, other Awards or other property that the Firm may deliver in respect of your RSUs will not have the effect of deferring delivery or payment, income inclusion, or a substantial risk of forfeiture, beyond the date on which such delivery, payment or inclusion would occur or such risk of forfeiture would lapse, with respect to the RSU Shares that would otherwise have been deliverable (unless the Committee elects a later date for this purpose pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted under Section 409A, including and to the extent applicable, the subsequent election provisions of Section 409A(a)(4)(C) of the Code and Reg. 1.409A-2(b)). 
 (d) Notwithstanding the timing provisions of Paragraph 12(c), the delivery of RSU Shares referred to therein will be made after the date of death and during the calendar year that includes the date of death (or on such later date as may be permitted under Section 409A). 
 (e) The timing of delivery or payment pursuant to Paragraph 12(a) will occur on the earlier of (i) the Delivery Date or (ii) a date that is within the calendar year in which the termination of Employment occurs provided , however , that, if you are a specified employee (as defined by the Firm in accordance with Section 409A(a)(2)(i)(B) of the Code), delivery will occur on the earlier of the Delivery Date or (to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A) the date that is six months after your termination of Employment (or, if the latter date is not during a Window Period, the first trading day of the next Window Period). For purposes of Paragraph 12(a), references in this Award Agreement to termination of Employment mean a termination of Employment from the Firm (as defined by the Firm) which is also a separation from service (as defined by the Firm in accordance with Section 409A). 
 (f) Notwithstanding any provision of Paragraph 8 or Section 2.8.2 of the Plan to the contrary, the Dividend Equivalent Rights with respect to each of your Outstanding RSUs will be paid to you within the calendar year that includes the date of distribution of any corresponding regular cash dividends paid by GS Inc. in respect of a share of Common Stock the record date for which occurs on or after the Date of Grant. The payment will be in an amount (less applicable withholding) equal to such regular dividend payment as would have been made in respect of the RSU Shares underlying such Outstanding RSUs. 
 (g) The timing of delivery or payment referred to in Paragraph 12(b)(i) will be the earlier of (i) the Delivery Date or (ii) a date that is within the calendar year in which the Committee receives satisfactory documentation relating to your Conflicted Employment, provided that such delivery or payment will be made, and any Committee action referred to in Paragraph 12(b)(ii) will be taken, only at such time as, and if and to the extent that it, as reasonably determined by the Firm, would not result in the imposition of any additional tax to you under Section 409A. 
 (h) Paragraph 15 and Section 3.4 of the Plan will not apply to Awards that are 409A Deferred Compensation except to the extent permitted under Section 409A. 
 (i) Delivery of RSU Shares in respect of any Award may be made, if and to the extent elected by the Committee, later than the Delivery Date or other date or period specified hereinabove (but, in the case of any Award that constitutes 409A Deferred Compensation, only to the extent that the later delivery is permitted under Section 409A). 
 - 10 - 

(j) You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties due pursuant to Section 409A, but in no event will you be permitted to designate, directly or indirectly, the taxable year of the delivery. 
 Committee Authority, Amendment, Construction and Regulatory Reporting 
 19. Committee Authority . The Committee has the authority to determine, in its sole discretion, that any event triggering forfeiture or repayment of your Award will not apply, to limit the forfeitures and repayments that result under Paragraphs 9 and 10 and to remove Transfer Restrictions before the applicable Transferability Date. In addition, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may determine whether Paragraphs 11(a)(ii) and 11(b) will apply upon a termination of Employment and whether a termination of Employment constitutes an Approved Termination under Paragraph 11(c). 
 20. Amendment . The Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms of this Award Agreement, and the Board may amend the Plan in any respect provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing and Sections 1.3.2(f), 1.3.2(h) and 3.1 of the Plan, no such amendment will materially adversely affect your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement without your consent and provided further that the Committee expressly reserves its rights to amend the Award Agreement and the Plan as described in Sections 1.3.2(h)(1), (2) and (4) of the Plan. A modification that impacts the tax consequences of this Award or the timing of delivery of RSU Shares will not be an amendment that materially adversely affects your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement. Any amendment of this Award Agreement will be in writing. 
 21. Construction, Headings . Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) words describing the singular number include the plural and vice versa, (b) words denoting any gender include all genders and (c) the words include, includes and including will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The headings in this Award Agreement are for the purpose of convenience only and are not intended to define or limit the construction of the provisions hereof. References in this Award Agreement to any specific Plan provision will not be construed as limiting the applicability of any other Plan provision. 
 22. Providing Information to the Appropriate Authorities . In accordance with applicable law, nothing in this Award Agreement (including the forfeiture and repayment provisions in Paragraphs 9 and 10) or the Plan prevents you from providing information you reasonably believe to be true to the appropriate governmental authority, including a regulatory, judicial, administrative, or other governmental entity reporting possible violations of law or regulation making other disclosures that are protected under any applicable law or regulation or filing a charge or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by a governmental authority. For the avoidance of doubt, governmental authority includes federal, state and local government agencies such as the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and any state or local human rights agency e.g. , the New York State Division of Human Rights, the New York City Commission on Human Rights, the California Civil Rights Department), as well as law enforcement e.g. , the state Attorney General). Similarly, nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan prohibits you from speaking with your own attorney regarding your own legal rights or obligations. 
 
 - 11 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , GS Inc. has caused this Award Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the Date of Grant. 
 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. 

- 12 - 

U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix 
 
 This Appendix supplements Paragraph 9 and sets forth additional events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your RSUs and Shares at Risk and may require repayment to the Firm of up to all other amounts previously delivered or paid to you under your Award in accordance with Paragraph 10. As with the events described in Paragraph 9, more than one event may apply, in no case will the occurrence of one event limit the forfeiture and repayment obligations as a result of the occurrence of any other event and the Firm reserves the right to (a) suspend vesting of Outstanding RSUs, delivery of RSU Shares or release of Transfer Restrictions, (b) deliver any RSU Shares or dividends into an escrow account in accordance with Paragraph 13(f)(v) or (c) apply Transfer Restrictions to any RSU Shares in connection with any investigation of whether any of the events that result in forfeiture under this Appendix have occurred. 
 
 With respect to the events described in this Appendix, the Committee will consider certain factors to determine whether and what portion of your Award will terminate, including the reason for the Loss Event (as defined below) or Risk Event (as defined below) and the extent to which (1) you participated in the Loss Event or Risk Event, (2) your compensation for ________ may or may not have been adjusted to take into account the risk associated with the Loss Event, Risk Event, your Serious Misconduct (as defined below) or the Serious Misconduct of a Supervised Employee (as defined below) and (3) your compensation may be adjusted for the year in which the Loss Event, Risk Event, your Serious Misconduct or a Supervised Employee s Serious Misconduct is discovered. 
 
 Paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this Appendix apply to your Base RSUs, Additional Base RSUs and Supplemental RSUs. Paragraph (d) of this Appendix applies to your Base RSUs and Additional Base RSUs only and does not apply to your Supplemental RSUs. 
 
 (a) A Loss Event Occurs Prior to Delivery . If a Loss Event occurs prior to the delivery of RSU Shares, your rights in respect of all or a portion of your RSUs (whether or not Vested) which are scheduled to deliver on the next Delivery Date immediately following the date that the Loss Event is identified (or, if not practicable, then the next following Delivery Date) will terminate, and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs. 
 (i) A Loss Event means (A) an annual pre-tax loss at GS Inc. or (B) annual negative revenues in one or more reporting segments as disclosed in the Firm s Form 10-K other than the Asset & Wealth Management segment (or any successor or equivalent segment or sub-segment as determined by the Firm), or annual negative revenues in the Asset & Wealth Management segment (or any successor or equivalent segment or sub-segment as determined by the Firm) of 5 billion or more, provided in either case that you are employed in a business within such reporting segment. 
 (b) A Risk Event Occurs On or Before the Applicable End Date . If a Risk Event occurs on or before the Applicable End Date, (i) your rights in respect of all or a portion of your RSUs (whether or not Vested) will terminate and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs, (ii) your rights to all or a portion of any Shares at Risk will terminate and such Shares at Risk will be cancelled and (iii) you will be obligated immediately upon demand therefor to pay the Firm an amount not in excess of the greater of the Fair Market Value of the RSU Shares (plus any dividend payments) delivered in respect of the Award (without reduction for any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations) determined as of (A) the date the Risk Event occurred and (B) the date that the repayment request is made. 
 (i) A Risk Event means there occurs a loss of 5 or more of firmwide total capital from a reportable operational risk event determined in accordance with the firmwide Reporting and Operational Risk Events Policy (or any successor policy). 
 (c) You Engage in Serious Misconduct On or Before the Applicable End Date . If you engage in Serious Misconduct during the period beginning on the applicable Transferability Date through the Applicable End Date, you will be obligated immediately upon demand therefor to pay the Firm an amount not in excess of the greater of the Fair Market Value of the RSU Shares (plus any dividend payments) delivered in respect of the Award (without reduction for any 
 - 13 - 

amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations) determined as of (i) the date the Serious Misconduct occurred and (ii) the date that the repayment request is made. 
 (i) Serious Misconduct means that you engage in conduct that the Firm reasonably considers, in its sole discretion, to be misconduct sufficient to justify summary termination of employment under English law. 
 (d) A Supervised Employee Engages in Serious Misconduct . If the Committee determines that it is appropriate to hold you accountable in whole or in part for Serious Misconduct related to compliance, control or risk that occurred during ________ by a Supervised Employee, your rights in respect of all or a portion of your RSUs (whether or not Vested) will terminate and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs and your rights to all or a portion of any Shares at Risk will terminate and such Shares at Risk will be cancelled. 
 (i) Supervised Employee means an individual with respect to whom the Committee determines you had supervisory responsibility as a result of direct or indirect reporting lines or your management responsibility for an office, division or business. 
 (a) Certain Definitions . 
 (i) Applicable End Date means, with respect to each classification in the table below, the following 
 Classification Applicable End Date GSAMI MRT GSAMI Senior MRT UK MRT 
 
 (ii) GSAMI MRT means an individual other than a GSAMI Senior MRT or UK MRT who, at any point in ____ , was classified by the Firm as a GSAMI Material Risk Taker in accordance with the remuneration code under the UK Investment Firms Prudential Regime IFPR ). 
 (iii) GSAMI Senior MRT means an individual other than a UK MRT who, at any point in ____ , was classified by the Firm as a GSAMI Senior Material Risk Taker in accordance with the remuneration code under the IFPR. 
 (iv) UK MRT means an individual who, at any point in ____ , was classified by the Firm as a Material Risk Taker in accordance with the remuneration codes applicable to dual-regulated UK firms. 
 (v) For purposes of these definitions, if during ____ you were classified by the Firm as any combination of GSAMI MRT or GSAMI Senior MRT and UK MRT then your classification in the table above is UK MRT or as a combination of GSAMI MRT and GSAMI Senior MRT then your classification in the table above is GSAMI Senior MRT. 
 Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan, this Award Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement you may have with the Firm, the parties agree that to the extent that there is any dispute arising out of or relating to the payment required by Paragraphs (b) and (c) of this Appendix (including your refusal to remit payment) the parties will submit to arbitration in accordance with Paragraph 16 of this Award Agreement and Section 3.17 of the Plan as the sole means of resolution of such dispute (including the recovery by the Firm of the payment amount). 
 
 - 14 - 

GSBE Material Risk Taker Appendix 
 
 This Appendix supplements Paragraph 9 and sets forth additional events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your RSUs and Shares at Risk and may require repayment to the Firm of up to all other amounts previously delivered or paid to you under your Award in accordance with Paragraph 10. As with the events described in Paragraph 9, more than one event may apply, in no case will the occurrence of one event limit the forfeiture and repayment obligations as a result of the occurrence of any other event and the Firm reserves the right to (a) suspend vesting of Outstanding RSUs, delivery of RSU Shares or release of Transfer Restrictions, (b) deliver any RSU Shares or dividends into an escrow account in accordance with Paragraph 13(f)(v) or (c) apply Transfer Restrictions to any RSU Shares in connection with any investigation of whether any of the events that result in forfeiture under this Appendix have occurred. 
 
 With respect to the events described in this Appendix, the Committee will consider all relevant factors in making the decision, in its sole discretion as to whether an Adjustment Event or Actionable Misconduct (both as defined below) have occurred. 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan, this Award Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement you may have with the Firm, the parties agree that to the extent that there is any dispute arising out of or relating to the payment required by this Appendix (including your refusal to remit payment) the parties will submit to arbitration in accordance with Paragraph 16 of this Award Agreement and Section 3.17 of the Plan as the sole means of resolution of such dispute (including the recovery by the Firm of the payment amount). 
 (a) An Adjustment Event Occurs with Respect to____________ . If an Adjustment Event (as defined below) occurs with respect to_______________, (i) your rights in respect of all or a portion of your RSUs (whether or not Vested) will terminate and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs, (ii) your rights to all or a portion of any Shares at Risk will terminate and such Shares at Risk will be cancelled, and (iii) you will be obligated immediately upon demand therefor to pay the Firm an amount not in excess of the greater of the Fair Market Value of the RSU Shares (plus any dividend payments) delivered in respect of the Award (without reduction for any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations) determined as of (A) the date the Adjustment Event occurred and (B) the date that the repayment request is made. 
 (i) Adjustment Event means that one of the following has occurred 
 A. you significantly contributed to, or were responsible for, any conduct that resulted in a loss of 0.75 or more of the total capital of GS Inc. 
 B. a material regulatory sanction for the Firm comprising one or more of the following 
 1. a moratorium pursuant to sec. 46g of the German Banking Act, 
 2. a measure in case of danger pursuant to sec. 46 of the German Banking Act, 
 3. the revocation of appointment of a manager pursuant to sec. 36 German Banking Act, 
 4. a fine pursuant to sec. 56 of the German Banking Act or a threatened penalty payment, if the fine or penalty payment amounts to 0.75 or more of the total capital of GS Inc., 
 5. the cancellation of the banking permit pursuant to sec. 35 of the German Banking Act, 
 - 15 - 

6. an order to increase the capital requirements Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (GSBE) by at least 0.5 pursuant to sec. 10 of the German Banking Act, 
 7. a measure in case of organizational deficiencies, 
 8. a comparable regulatory order, or 
 9. a material supervisory measure or 
 C. you acted in serious violation of relevant external or internal rules with respect to suitability and conduct, provided that a violation is considered serious if it suitable to justify a termination of employment for cause pursuant to sec. 626 German Civil Code or a termination of employment for misconduct pursuant to sec. 1 German Termination Protection Act. 
 (b) You Engage in Actionable Misconduct . If the Committee determines that you engaged in Actionable Misconduct, which if known (or if known, adequately considered) would have resulted in a reduction to your annual variable compensation when your variable compensation for that year was determined, your rights in respect of all or a portion of your RSUs (whether or not Vested) will terminate and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs. 
 (i) Actionable Misconduct means either or both of 
 A. Unethical behavior within the meaning of the IVV 
 B. Breach of duty within the meaning of the IVV. 
 (ii) IVV means the German Remuneration Ordinance for Institutions Institutsverg tungsverordnung and applicable guidance from the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) or the European Central Bank. 

- 16 - 

Definitions Appendix 
 
 The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the following meanings 
 (a) 409A Deferred Compensation means a deferral of compensation or deferred compensation as those terms are defined in the regulations under Section 409A. 
 (b) Approved Termination means that you are classified by the Firm as a fixed-term employee and you (i) successfully complete the fixed-term engagement, as applicable and determined by the Firm in its sole discretion, including remaining Employed through the completion date specified by the Firm, and (ii) terminate Employment immediately after the completion date without any stay-on or other agreement or understanding to continue Employment with the Firm. If you agree to stay with the Firm as an employee after your fixed-term engagement ends and then later terminate Employment, you will not have an Approved Termination. 
 (c) Associate With a Covered Enterprise means that you (i) form, or acquire a 5 or greater equity ownership, voting or profit participation interest in, any Covered Enterprise or (ii) associate in any capacity (including association as an officer, employee, partner, director, consultant, agent or advisor) with any Covered Enterprise. Associate With a Covered Enterprise may include, as determined in the discretion of either the Committee or the SIP Committee, (i) becoming the subject of any publicly available announcement or report of a pending or future association with a Covered Enterprise and (ii) unpaid associations, including an association in contemplation of future employment. Association With a Covered Enterprise will have its correlative meaning. 
 (d) Conflicted Employment means your employment at any U.S. Federal, state or local government, any non-U.S. government, any supranational or international organization, any self-regulatory organization, or any agency or instrumentality of any such government or organization, or any other employer (other than an Accounting Firm within the meaning of SEC Rule 2-01(f)(2) of Regulation S-X or any successor thereto) determined by the Committee, if, as a result of such employment, your continued holding of any Outstanding RSUs and Shares at Risk would result in an actual or perceived conflict of interest. 
 (e) Covered Enterprise means a Competitive Enterprise and any other existing or planned business enterprise that (i) offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer products or services that are the same as or similar to those offered by the Firm or that the Firm reasonably expects to offer Firm Products or Services or (ii) engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in any other activity that is the same as or similar to any financial activity engaged in by the Firm or in which the Firm reasonably expects to engage Firm Activities ). For the avoidance of doubt, Firm Activities include any activity that requires the same or similar skills as any financial activity engaged in by the Firm or in which the Firm reasonably expects to engage, irrespective of whether any such financial activity is in furtherance of an advisory, agency, proprietary or fiduciary undertaking. 
 The enterprises covered by this definition include enterprises that offer, hold themselves out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer Firm Products or Services, or engage in, hold themselves out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in Firm Activities directly, as well as those that do so indirectly by ownership or control e.g. , by owning, being owned by or by being under common ownership with an enterprise that offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer Firm Products or Services or that engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in Firm Activities). The definition of Covered Enterprise includes, solely by way of example, any enterprise that offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer any product or service, or engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in any activity, in any case, associated with investment banking public or private finance lending financial advisory services private investing for anyone other than you or your family members (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any type of proprietary investing or trading) private wealth management private banking consumer or commercial cash management consumer, digital or commercial banking merchant banking asset, portfolio or hedge fund management insurance or reinsurance underwriting or brokerage property management or securities, futures, commodities, energy, 
 - 17 - 

derivatives, currency or digital asset brokerage, sales, lending, custody, clearance, settlement or trading. An enterprise that offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer Firm Products or Services, or engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in Firm Activities is a Covered Enterprise , irrespective of whether the enterprise is a customer, client or counterparty of the Firm or is otherwise associated with the Firm and, because the Firm is a global enterprise, irrespective of where the Covered Enterprise is physically located. 
 (f) Failed to Consider Risk means that you participated (or otherwise oversaw or were responsible for, depending on the circumstances, another individual s participation) in the structuring or marketing of any product or service, or participated on behalf of the Firm or any of its clients in the purchase or sale of any security or other property, in any case without appropriate consideration of the risk to the Firm or the broader financial system as a whole (for example, where you have improperly analyzed such risk or where you have failed sufficiently to raise concerns about such risk) and, as a result of such action or omission, the Committee determines there has been, or reasonably could be expected to be, a material adverse impact on the Firm, your business unit or the broader financial system. 
 (g) Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control means that the Firm terminates your Employment other than for Cause or you terminate your Employment for Good Reason, in each case, within 18 months following a Change in Control. 
 (h) SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 (i) Selected Firm Personnel means any individual who is or in the three months preceding the conduct prohibited by Paragraph 9(b)(i) was (i) a Firm employee or consultant with whom you personally worked while employed by the Firm, (ii) a Firm employee or consultant who, at any time during the year preceding the date of the termination of your Employment, worked in the same division in which you worked or (iii) an Advisory Director, a Managing Director or a Senior Advisor of the Firm. 
 (j) Shares at Risk means RSU Shares subject to Transfer Restrictions. 
 
 - 18 - 

The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the meanings that are assigned to them in the Plan. 
 (a) Account means any brokerage account, custody account or similar account, as approved or required by GS Inc. from time to time, into which shares of Common Stock, cash or other property in respect of an Award are delivered. 
 (b) Award Agreement means the written document or documents by which each Award is evidenced, including any related Award Statement and signature card. 
 (c) Award Statement means a written statement that reflects certain Award terms. 
 (d) Board means the Board of Directors of GS Inc. 
 (e) Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or obligated by Federal law or executive order to be closed. 
 (f) Cause means (i) the Grantee s conviction, whether following trial or by plea of guilty or nolo contendere (or similar plea), in a criminal proceeding (A) on a misdemeanor charge involving fraud, false statements or misleading omissions, wrongful taking, embezzlement, bribery, forgery, counterfeiting or extortion, or (B) on a felony charge, or (C) on an equivalent charge to those in clauses (A) and (B) in jurisdictions which do not use those designations, (ii) the Grantee s engaging in any conduct which constitutes an employment disqualification under applicable law (including statutory disqualification as defined under the Exchange Act), (iii) the Grantee s willful failure to perform the Grantee s duties to the Firm, (iv) the Grantee s violation of any securities or commodities laws, any rules or regulations issued pursuant to such laws, or the rules and regulations of any securities or commodities exchange or association of which the Firm is a member, (v) the Grantee s violation of any Firm policy concerning hedging or pledging or confidential or proprietary information, or the Grantee s material violation of any other Firm policy as in effect from time to time, (vi) the Grantee s engaging in any act or making any statement which impairs, impugns, denigrates, disparages or negatively reflects upon the name, reputation or business interests of the Firm or (vii) the Grantee s engaging in any conduct detrimental to the Firm. The determination as to whether Cause has occurred shall be made by the Committee in its sole discretion and, in such case, the Committee also may, but shall not be required to, specify the date such Cause occurred (including by determining that a prior termination of Employment was for Cause). Any rights the Firm may have hereunder and in any Award Agreement in respect of the events giving rise to Cause shall be in addition to the rights the Firm may have under any other agreement with a Grantee or at law or in equity. 
 (g) Certificate means a stock certificate (or other appropriate document or evidence of ownership) representing shares of Common Stock. 
 (h) Change in Control means the consummation of a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving GS Inc. (a Reorganization or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of GS Inc. s assets to an entity that is not an affiliate of GS Inc. (a Sale ), that in each case requires the approval of GS Inc. s shareholders under the law of GS Inc. s jurisdiction of organization, whether for such Reorganization or Sale (or the issuance of securities of GS Inc. in such Reorganization or Sale), unless immediately following such Reorganization or Sale, either (i) at least 50 of the total voting power (in respect of the election of directors, or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of (A) the entity resulting from such Reorganization, or the entity which has acquired all or substantially all of the assets of GS Inc. in a Sale (in either case, the Surviving Entity ), or (B) if applicable, the ultimate parent entity that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, as such Rule is in effect on the date of the adoption of the 1999 SIP) of 50 or more of the total voting power (in respect of the election of directors, or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of the Surviving Entity (the Parent Entity is represented by GS Inc. s securities (the GS Inc. Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to such Reorganization or Sale (or, if applicable, is represented by shares into which such GS Inc. Securities were converted pursuant to such Reorganization or Sale) or (ii) at least 
 - 19 - 

50 of the members of the board of directors (or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of the Parent Entity (or, if there is no Parent Entity, the Surviving Entity) following the consummation of the Reorganization or Sale were, at the time of the Board s approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Reorganization or Sale, individuals (the Incumbent Directors who either (A) were members of the Board on the Effective Date or (B) became directors subsequent to the Effective Date and whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of GS Inc. s proxy statement in which such persons are named as nominees for director). 
 (i) Client means any client or prospective client of the Firm to whom the Grantee provided services, or for whom the Grantee transacted business, or whose identity became known to the Grantee in connection with the Grantee s relationship with or employment by the Firm. 
 (j) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rulings and regulations thereunder. 
 (k) Committee means the committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan pursuant to Section 1.3, and, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for the compensation realized from Awards under the Plan to be considered performance based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is an outside director within the meaning of Code Section 162(m), and which, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for Awards under the Plan to qualify for the exemption available under Rule 16b-3(d)(1) or Rule 16b-3(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Committee shall be the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 (l) Common Stock means common stock of GS Inc., par value 0.01 per share. 
 (m) Competitive Enterprise means an existing or planned business enterprise that (i) engages, or may reasonably be expected to engage, in any activity (ii) owns or controls, or may reasonably be expected to own or control, a significant interest in any entity that engages in any activity or (iii) is, or may reasonably be expected to be, owned by, or a significant interest in which is, or may reasonably be expected to be, owned or controlled by, any entity that engages in any activity that, in any case, competes or will compete anywhere with any activity in which the Firm is engaged. The activities covered by this definition include, without limitation financial services such as investment banking public or private finance lending financial advisory services private investing for anyone other than the Grantee and members of the Grantee s family (including for the avoidance of doubt, any type of proprietary investing or trading) private wealth management private banking consumer or commercial cash management consumer, digital or commercial banking merchant banking asset, portfolio or hedge fund management insurance or reinsurance underwriting or brokerage property management or securities, futures, commodities, energy, derivatives, currency or digital asset brokerage, sales, lending, custody, clearance, settlement or trading. 
 (n) Covered Person means a member of the Board or the Committee or any employee of the Firm. 
 (o) Date of Grant means the date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as the date of grant of the Award. 
 (p) Delivery Date means each date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as a delivery date, provided , unless the Committee determines otherwise, such date is during a Window Period or, if such date is not during a Window Period, the first trading day of the first Window Period beginning after such date. 
 (q) Dividend Equivalent Right means a dividend equivalent right granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay to the Grantee amounts equal to all or any 
 - 20 - 

portion of the regular cash dividends that would be paid on shares of Common Stock covered by an Award if such shares had been delivered pursuant to an Award. 
 (r) Effective Date means the date this Plan is approved by the shareholders of GS Inc. pursuant to Section 3.15 of the Plan. 
 (s) Employment means the Grantee s performance of services for the Firm, as determined by the Committee. The terms employ and employed shall have their correlative meanings. The Committee in its sole discretion may determine (i) whether and when a Grantee s leave of absence results in a termination of Employment (for this purpose, unless the Committee determines otherwise, a Grantee shall be treated as terminating Employment with the Firm upon the occurrence of an Extended Absence), (ii) whether and when a change in a Grantee s association with the Firm results in a termination of Employment and (iii) the impact, if any, of any such leave of absence or change in association on Awards theretofore made. Unless expressly provided otherwise, any references in the Plan or any Award Agreement to a Grantee s Employment being terminated shall include both voluntary and involuntary terminations. 
 (t) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
 (u) Extended Absence means the Grantee s inability to perform for six (6) continuous months, due to illness, injury or pregnancy-related complications, substantially all the essential duties of the Grantee s occupation, as determined by the Committee. 
 (v) Firm means GS Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 (w) Good Reason means, in connection with a termination of employment by a Grantee following a Change in Control, (a) as determined by the Committee, a materially adverse alteration in the Grantee s position or in the nature or status of the Grantee s responsibilities from those in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control or (b) the Firm s requiring the Grantee s principal place of Employment to be located more than seventy-five (75) miles from the location where the Grantee is principally Employed at the time of the Change in Control (except for required travel on the Firm s business to an extent substantially consistent with the Grantee s customary business travel obligations in the ordinary course of business prior to the Change in Control). 
 (x) Grantee means a person who receives an Award. 
 (y) GS Inc. means The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 (z) 1999 SIP means The Goldman Sachs 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, as in effect prior to the effective date of the 2003 SIP. 
 (aa) Outstanding means any Award to the extent it has not been forfeited, cancelled, terminated, exercised or with respect to which the shares of Common Stock underlying the Award have not been previously delivered or other payments made. 
 (ab) Restricted Share means a share of Common Stock delivered under the Plan that is subject to Transfer Restrictions, forfeiture provisions and or other terms and conditions specified herein and in the Restricted Share Award Agreement or other applicable Award Agreement. All references to Restricted Shares include Shares at Risk. 
 (ac) Retirement means termination of the Grantee s Employment (other than for Cause) on or after the Date of Grant at a time when (i) (A) the sum of the Grantee s age plus years of service with the Firm (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) equals or exceeds 60 and (B) the Grantee has completed at least 10 years of service with the Firm (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) or, if earlier, (ii) (A) the Grantee has attained age 50 and (B) the Grantee has completed at least five years of service with the Firm (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion). 
 - 21 - 

(ad) RSU means a restricted stock unit granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the RSU Award Agreement. 
 (ae) RSU Shares means shares of Common Stock that underlie an RSU. 
 (af) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, including any amendments or successor provisions to that Section and any regulations and other administrative guidance thereunder, in each case as they, from time to time, may be amended or interpreted through further administrative guidance. 
 (ag) SIP Administrator means each person designated by the Committee as a SIP Administrator with the authority to perform day-to-day administrative functions for the Plan. 
 (ah) SIP Committee means the persons who have been delegated certain authority under the Plan by the Committee. 
 (ai) Solicit means any direct or indirect communication of any kind whatsoever, regardless of by whom initiated, inviting, advising, suggesting, encouraging or requesting any person or entity, in any manner, to take or refrain from taking any action. The terms Solicited, Soliciting and Solicitation will have their correlative meanings. 
 (aj) Transfer Restrictions means restrictions that prohibit the sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, fractionalization, hedge or other disposal (including through the use of any cash-settled instrument), whether voluntarily or involuntarily by the Grantee, of an Award or any shares of Common Stock, cash or other property delivered in respect of an Award. 
 (ak) Transferability Date means the date Transfer Restrictions on a Restricted Share will be released. Within 30 Business Days after the applicable Transferability Date, GS Inc. shall take, or shall cause to be taken, such steps as may be necessary to remove Transfer Restrictions. 
 (al) Vested means, with respect to an Award, the portion of the Award that is not subject to a condition that the Grantee remain actively employed by the Firm in order for the Award to remain Outstanding. The fact that an Award becomes Vested shall not mean or otherwise indicate that the Grantee has an unconditional or nonforfeitable right to such Award, and such Award shall remain subject to such terms, conditions and forfeiture provisions as may be provided for in the Plan or in the Award Agreement. 
 (am) Vesting Date means each date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as a date on which part or all of an Award becomes Vested. 
 (an) Window Period means a period designated by the Firm during which all employees of the Firm are permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock provided that, if the Grantee is a member of a designated group of employees who are subject to different restrictions, the Window Period may be a period designated by the Firm during which an employee of the Firm in such designated group is permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock). 
 - 22 - 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-10.37>
 9
 a1037_formxofxyear-endxsho.htm
 EX-10.37

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.37 

 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. ______Year-End Short-Term RSU Award 
 This Award Agreement, together with The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (2021) (the Plan ), governs your ____ year-end award of Short-Term RSUs (your Award ). You should read carefully this entire Award Agreement, which includes the Award Statement, any attached Appendix and the signature card. 
 Acceptance 
 1. You Must Decide Whether to Accept this Award Agreement . To be eligible to receive your Award, you must by the date specified (a) open and activate an Account and (b) agree to all the terms of your Award by executing the related signature card in accordance with its instructions. By executing the signature card, you confirm your agreement to all of the terms of this Award Agreement, including the arbitration and choice of forum provisions in Paragraph 14. 
 Documents that Govern Your Award Definitions 
 2. The Plan . Your Award is granted under the Plan, and the Plan s terms apply to, and are a part of, this Award Agreement. 
 3. Your Award Statement . The Award Statement delivered to you contains some of your Award s specific terms. For example, it contains the number of Short-Term RSUs awarded to you and the Delivery Date. 
 4. Definitions . Unless otherwise defined herein, including in the Definitions Appendix or any other Appendix, capitalized terms have the meanings provided in the Plan. 
 Vesting of Your RSUs 
 5. Vesting . All of your Short-Term RSUs are Vested. When an RSU is Vested, it means only that your continued active Employment is not required for delivery of that portion of RSU Shares. Vesting does not mean you have a non-forfeitable right to the Vested portion of your Award. The terms of this Award Agreement (including conditions to delivery) continue to apply to Vested Short-Term RSUs, and you can still forfeit Vested Short-Term RSUs and any RSU Shares . 
 Delivery of Your RSU Shares 
 6. Delivery . Reasonably promptly (but no more than 30 Business Days) after each Delivery Date listed on your Award Statement, RSU Shares (less applicable withholding as described in Paragraph 11(a)) will be delivered (by book entry credit to your Account) in respect of the amount of Outstanding Short-Term RSUs listed next to that date. The Committee or the SIP Committee may select multiple dates within the 30-Business-Day period following the Delivery Date to deliver RSU Shares in respect of all or a portion of the Short-Term RSUs with the same Delivery Date listed on the Award Statement, and all such dates will be treated as a single Delivery Date for purposes of this Award. Until such delivery, you have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor, and no rights as a shareholder of GS Inc. Without limiting the Committee s authority under Section 1.3.2(h) of the Plan, the Firm may accelerate any Delivery Date by up to 30 days. 
 Dividends 
 7. Dividend Equivalent Rights and Dividends . Each Short-Term RSU includes a Dividend Equivalent Right, which entitles you to receive an amount (less applicable withholding), at or after the time of distribution of any regular cash dividend paid by GS Inc. in respect of a share of Common Stock, equal to any regular cash dividend payment that would have been made in respect of an RSU Share underlying your Outstanding Short-Term RSUs for any record date that occurs on or after the Date of Grant. 

Forfeiture of Your Award 
 8. How You May Forfeit Your Award . This Paragraph 8 sets forth the events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your Short-Term RSUs and may require repayment to the Firm of up to all other amounts previously delivered or paid to you under your Award in accordance with Paragraph 9. More than one event may apply, and in no case will the occurrence of one event limit the forfeiture and repayment obligations as a result of the occurrence of any other event. In addition, the Firm reserves the right to (a) suspend payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights or delivery of RSU Shares, (b) deliver any RSU Shares, dividends or payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights into an escrow account in accordance with Paragraph 11(f)(v) or (c) apply Transfer Restrictions to any RSU Shares in connection with any investigation of whether any of the events that result in forfeiture under the Plan or this Paragraph 8 have occurred. Paragraph 10 (relating to certain circumstances under which delivery may be accelerated) provides for exceptions to one or more provisions of this Paragraph 8. Each of T t he U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix and the GSBE Material Risk Taker Appendix supplements this Paragraph 8 and sets forth additional events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your Short-Term RSUs and may require repayment to the Firm as described in Paragraph 9 and , the U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix and the GSBE Material Risk Taker Appendix . 
 (a) Short-Term RSUs Forfeited Upon Certain Events . If any of the following occurs, your rights to all of your Outstanding Short-Term RSUs will terminate, and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs, as may be further described below 
 (i) You Failed to Consider Risk . You Failed to Consider Risk during __________. 
 (ii) Your Conduct Constitutes Cause . Any event that constitutes Cause (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Serious Misconduct as defined in the U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix) has occurred before the Delivery Date. 
 (iii) You Do Not Meet Your Obligations to the Firm . The Committee determines that, before the Delivery Date, you failed to meet, in any respect, any obligation under any agreement with the Firm, or any agreement entered into in connection with your Employment or this Award, including the Firm s notice period requirement applicable to you, any offer letter, employment agreement or any shareholders agreement relating to the Firm. Your failure to pay or reimburse the Firm, on demand, for any amount you owe to the Firm will constitute (A) failure to meet an obligation you have under an agreement, regardless of whether such obligation arises under a written agreement, and or (B) a material violation of Firm policy constituting Cause. 
 (iv) You Do Not Provide Timely Certifications or Comply with Your Certifications . You fail to certify to GS Inc. that you have complied with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement, or the Committee determines that you have failed to comply with a term of the Plan or this Award Agreement to which you have certified compliance. 
 (v) You Do Not Follow Dispute Resolution Arbitration Procedures . You attempt to have any dispute under the Plan or this Award Agreement resolved in any manner that is not provided for by Paragraph 14 or Section 3.17 of the Plan, or you attempt to arbitrate a dispute without first having exhausted your internal administrative remedies in accordance with Paragraph 11(f)(vii). 
 (vi) You Bring an Action that Results in a Determination that Any Award Agreement Term Is Invalid . As a result of any action brought by you, it is determined that any term of this Award Agreement is invalid. 
 (vii) You Receive Compensation in Respect of Your Award from Another Employer . Your Employment terminates for any reason or you otherwise are no longer actively Employed with the Firm and another entity grants you cash, equity or other property (whether vested or unvested) to replace, substitute for or otherwise in respect of any Outstanding Short-Term RSUs provided , however , that your rights will only be terminated in respect of the Short- 
 - 2 - 

Term RSUs that are replaced, substituted for or otherwise considered by such other entity in making its grant. 
 Repayment of Your Award 
 9. When You May Be Required to Repay Your Award . If the Committee determines that any term of this Award was not satisfied, you will be required, immediately upon demand therefor, to repay to the Firm the following 
 (a) Any RSU Shares for which the terms (including the terms for delivery) of the related Short-Term RSUs were not satisfied, in accordance with Section 2.6.3 of the Plan. 
 (b) Any payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights for which the terms were not satisfied (including any such payments made in respect of Short-Term RSUs that are forfeited or RSU Shares that are cancelled or required to be repaid), in accordance with Section 2.8.3 of the Plan. 
 (c) Any dividends paid in respect of any RSU Shares that are cancelled or required to be repaid. 
 (d) Any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations with respect to any Short-Term RSUs, RSU Shares, dividend payments and payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights that are forfeited or required to be repaid. 
 Exceptions to the Delivery Date 
 10. Accelerated Delivery in the Event of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, Conflicted Employment or Death . In the event of your Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, Conflicted Employment or death, each as described below, your Outstanding Short-Term RSUs will be treated as described in this Paragraph 10, and, except as set forth in Paragraph 10(a), all other terms of this Award Agreement, including the other forfeiture and repayment events in Paragraphs 8 and 9, continue to apply. 
 (a) You Have a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control . If your Employment terminates when you meet the requirements of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, the RSU Shares underlying your Outstanding Short-Term RSUs will be delivered. In addition, the forfeiture events in Paragraph 8 will not apply to your Award. 
 (b) You Are Determined to Have Accepted Conflicted Employment . 
 (i) Generally . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or otherwise, for purposes of this Award Agreement, Conflicted Employment means your employment at any U.S. Federal, state or local government, any non-U.S. government, any supranational or international organization, any self-regulatory organization, or any agency or instrumentality of any such government or organization, or any other employer (other than an Accounting Firm within the meaning of SEC Rule 2-01(f)(2) of Regulation S-X or any successor thereto) determined by the Committee, if, as a result of such employment, your continued holding of any Outstanding Short-Term RSUs would result in an actual or perceived conflict of interest. Unless prohibited by applicable law or regulation, if your Employment terminates solely because you resign to accept Conflicted Employment or if, following your termination of Employment, you notify the Firm that you are accepting Conflicted Employment, RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of your Outstanding Short-Term RSUs (including in the form of cash as described in Paragraph 11(b)) as soon as practicable after the Committee has received satisfactory documentation relating to your Conflicted Employment. 
 (ii) You May Have to Take Other Steps to Address Conflicts of Interest . The Committee retains the authority to exercise its rights under the Award Agreement or the Plan 
 - 3 - 

(including Section 1.3.2 of the Plan) to take or require you to take other steps it determines in its sole discretion to be necessary or appropriate to cure an actual or perceived conflict of interest (which may include a determination that the accelerated delivery described in Paragraph 10(b)(i) will not apply because such actions are not necessary or appropriate to cure an actual or perceived conflict of interest). 
 (c) Death . If you die, the RSU Shares underlying your Outstanding Short-Term RSUs will be delivered to your Account as soon as practicable after the date of death and after such documentation as may be requested by the Committee is provided to the Committee. 
 Other Terms, Conditions and Agreements 
 11. Additional Terms, Conditions and Agreements . 
 (a) You Must Satisfy Applicable Tax Withholding Requirements . Delivery of RSU Shares is conditioned on your satisfaction of any applicable withholding taxes in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Plan, which includes the Firm deducting or withholding amounts from any payment or distribution to you. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Firm, in its sole discretion, may require you to provide amounts equal to all or a portion of any Federal, state, local, foreign or other tax obligations imposed on you or the Firm in connection with the grant or delivery of this Award by requiring you to choose between remitting the amount (i) in cash (or through payroll deduction or otherwise) or (ii) in the form of proceeds from the Firm s executing a sale of RSU Shares delivered to you under this Award. In no event, however, does this Paragraph 11(a) give you any discretion to determine or affect the timing of the delivery of RSU Shares or the timing of payment of tax obligations. 
 (b) Firm May Deliver Cash or Other Property Instead of RSU Shares . In accordance with Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, in the sole discretion of the Committee, in lieu of all or any portion of the RSU Shares, the Firm may deliver cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property, and all references in this Award Agreement to deliveries of RSU Shares will include such deliveries of cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property. 
 (c) Amounts May Be Rounded to Avoid Fractional Shares . RSU Shares that become deliverable on a Delivery Date may, in each case, be rounded to avoid fractional Shares. 
 (d) You May Be Required to Become a Party to the Shareholders Agreement . Your rights to your Short-Term RSUs are conditioned on your becoming a party to any shareholders agreement to which other similarly situated employees e.g ., employees with a similar title or position) of the Firm are required to be a party. 
 (e) Firm May Affix Legends and Place Stop Orders on Restricted RSU Shares . GS Inc. may affix to Certificates representing RSU Shares any legend that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable (including to reflect any restrictions to which you may be subject under a separate agreement). GS Inc. may advise the transfer agent to place a stop order against any legended RSU Shares. 
 (f) You Agree to Certain Consents, Terms and Conditions . By accepting this Award you understand and agree that 
 (i) You Agree to Certain Consents as a Condition to the Award . You have expressly consented to all of the items listed in Section 3.3.3(d) of the Plan, including the Firm s supplying to any third-party recordkeeper of the Plan or other person such personal information of yours as the Committee deems advisable to administer the Plan, and you agree to provide any additional consents that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable 
 (ii) You Are Subject to the Firm s Policies, Rules and Procedures . You are subject to the Firm s policies in effect from time to time concerning trading in RSU Shares and 
 - 4 - 

hedging or pledging RSU Shares and equity-based compensation or other awards (including, without limitation, the Firmwide Policy with Respect to Personal Transactions Involving GS Securities and GS Equity Awards or any successor policies), and confidential or proprietary information, and you will effect sales of RSU Shares in accordance with such rules and procedures as may be adopted from time to time (which may include, without limitation, restrictions relating to the timing of sale requests, the manner in which sales are executed, pricing method, consolidation or aggregation of orders and volume limits determined by the Firm) 
 (iii) You Are Responsible for Costs Associated with Your Award . You will be responsible for all brokerage costs and other fees or expenses associated with your Short-Term RSUs, including those related to the sale of RSU Shares 
 (iv) You Will Be Deemed to Represent Your Compliance with All the Terms of Your Award if You Accept Delivery of, or Sell, RSU Shares . You will be deemed to have represented and certified that you have complied with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement when RSU Shares are delivered to you, and you receive payment in respect of Dividend Equivalent Rights 
 (v) Firm May Deliver Your Award into an Escrow Account . The Firm may establish and maintain an escrow account on such terms (which may include your executing any documents related to, and your paying for any costs associated with, such account) as it may deem necessary or appropriate, and the delivery of RSU Shares or the payment of cash (including dividends and payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights) or other property may initially be made into and held in that escrow account until such time as the Committee has received such documentation as it may have requested or until the Committee has determined that any other conditions or restrictions on delivery of RSU Shares, cash or other property required by this Award Agreement have been satisfied 
 (vi) You May Be Required to Certify Compliance with Award Terms You Are Responsible for Providing the Firm with Updated Address and Contact Information After Your Departure from the Firm . If your Employment terminates while you continue to hold Short-Term RSUs, from time to time, you may be required to provide certifications of your compliance with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement as described in Paragraph 8(a)(iv). You understand and agree that (A) your address on file with the Firm at the time any certification is required will be deemed to be your current address, (B) it is your responsibility to inform the Firm of any changes to your address to ensure timely receipt of the certification materials, (C) you are responsible for contacting the Firm to obtain such certification materials if not received and (D) your failure to return properly completed certification materials by the specified deadline (which includes your failure to timely return the completed certification because you did not provide the Firm with updated contact information) will result in the forfeiture of all of your Short-Term RSUs and subject previously delivered amounts to repayment under Paragraph 8(a)(iv) 
 (vii) You Must Comply with Applicable Deadlines and Procedures to Appeal Determinations Made by the Committee, the SIP Committee or SIP Administrators . If you disagree with a determination made by the Committee, the SIP Committee, the SIP Administrators, or any of their delegates or designees and you wish to appeal such determination, you must submit a written request to the SIP Committee for review within 180 days after the determination at issue. You must exhaust your internal administrative remedies i.e. , submit your appeal and wait for resolution of that appeal) before seeking to resolve a dispute through arbitration pursuant to Paragraph 14 and Section 3.17 of the Plan and 
 (viii) You Agree that Covered Persons Will Not Have Liability . In addition to and without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 1.3.5 of the Plan, neither the Firm nor any Covered Person will have any liability to you or any other person for any action taken or omitted in respect of this or any other Award. 
 12. Non-transferability . Except as otherwise may be provided in this Paragraph 12 or as otherwise may be provided by the Committee, the limitations on transferability set forth in Section 3.5 of 
 - 5 - 

the Plan will apply to this Award. Any purported transfer or assignment in violation of the provisions of this Paragraph 12 or Section 3.5 of the Plan will be void. The Committee may adopt procedures pursuant to which some or all recipients of Short-Term RSUs may transfer some or all of their Short-Term RSUs through a gift for no consideration to any immediate family member, a trust or other estate planning vehicle approved by the Committee or SIP Committee in which the recipient and or the recipient s immediate family members in the aggregate have 100 of the beneficial interest. 
 13. Right of Offset . Except as provided in Paragraph 16(h), the obligation to deliver RSU Shares or to make payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights under this Award Agreement is subject to Section 3.4 of the Plan, which provides for the Firm s right to offset against such obligation any outstanding amounts you owe to the Firm and any amounts the Committee deems appropriate pursuant to any tax equalization policy or agreement. 
 Arbitration, Choice of Forum and Governing Law 
 14. Arbitration Choice of Forum . 
 (a) By accepting this award, you are indicating that you understand and agree that the arbitration and choice of forum provisions set forth in Section 3.17 of the Plan will apply to this Award to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. These provisions, which are expressly incorporated herein by reference, provide among other things that any dispute, controversy or claim between the Firm and you arising out of or relating to or concerning the Plan or this Award Agreement will be finally settled by arbitration, pursuant to the terms more fully set forth in Section 3.17 of the Plan provided that nothing herein shall preclude you from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any governmental authority, including but not limited to the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and a state or local human rights agency, as well as law enforcement. 
 (b) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitrator will have the authority to consider class, collective or representative claims, to order consolidation or to join different claimants or grant relief other than on an individual basis to the individual claimant involved. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any applicable forum rules to the contrary, to the extent there is a question of enforceability of this Award Agreement arising from a challenge to the arbitrator s jurisdiction or to the arbitrability of a claim, it will be decided by a court and not an arbitrator. 
 (d) The Federal Arbitration Act governs interpretation and enforcement of all arbitration provisions under the Plan and this Award Agreement, and all arbitration proceedings thereunder. 
 (e) Nothing in this Award Agreement creates a substantive right to bring a claim under U.S. Federal, state, or local employment laws. 
 (f) By accepting your Award, you irrevocably appoint each General Counsel of GS Inc., or any person whom the General Counsel of GS Inc. designates, as your agent for service of process in connection with any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to or concerning the Plan or any Award which is not arbitrated pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.17.1 of the Plan, who shall promptly advise you of any such service of process. 
 (g) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitrator will have the authority to consider any claim as to which you have not first exhausted your internal administrative remedies in accordance with Paragraph 11(f)(vii). 
 15. Governing Law . This Award will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. 
 - 6 - 

Certain Tax Provisions 
 16. Compliance of Award Agreement and Plan with Section 409A . The provisions of this Paragraph 16 apply to you only if you are a U.S. taxpayer. 
 (a) This Award Agreement and the Plan provisions that apply to this Award are intended and will be construed to comply with Section 409A (including the requirements applicable to, or the conditions for exemption from treatment as, 409A Deferred Compensation), whether by reason of short-term deferral treatment or other exceptions or provisions. The Committee will have full authority to give effect to this intent. To the extent necessary to give effect to this intent, in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between the provisions of the Plan (including Sections 1.3.2 and 2.1 thereof) and this Award Agreement, the provisions of this Award Agreement will govern, and in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between this Paragraph 16 and the other provisions of this Award Agreement, this Paragraph 16 will govern. 
 (b) Delivery of RSU Shares will not be delayed beyond the date on which all applicable conditions or restrictions on delivery of RSU Shares required by this Agreement (including those specified in Paragraphs 6, 10(c) and 11 and the consents and other items specified in Section 3.3 of the Plan) are satisfied. To the extent that any portion of this Award is intended to satisfy the requirements for short-term deferral treatment under Section 409A, delivery for such portion will occur by the March 15 coinciding with the last day of the applicable short-term deferral period described in Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4) in order for the delivery of RSU Shares to be within the short-term deferral exception unless, in order to permit all applicable conditions or restrictions on delivery to be satisfied, the Committee elects, pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted in accordance with Section 409A, to delay delivery of RSU Shares to a later date within the same calendar year or to such later date as may be permitted under Section 409A, including Reg. 1.409A-3(d). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Award includes a series of installment payments as described in Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii), your right to the series of installment payments will be treated as a right to a series of separate payments and not as a right to a single payment. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 11(b) and Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, any securities, other Awards or other property that the Firm may deliver in respect of your Short-Term RSUs will not have the effect of deferring delivery or payment, income inclusion, or a substantial risk of forfeiture, beyond the date on which such delivery, payment or inclusion would occur or such risk of forfeiture would lapse, with respect to the RSU Shares that would otherwise have been deliverable (unless the Committee elects a later date for this purpose pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted under Section 409A, including and to the extent applicable, the subsequent election provisions of Section 409A(a)(4)(C) of the Code and Reg. 1.409A-2(b)). 
 (d) Notwithstanding the timing provisions of Paragraph 10(c), the delivery of RSU Shares referred to therein will be made after the date of death and during the calendar year that includes the date of death (or on such later date as may be permitted under Section 409A). 
 (e) The timing of delivery or payment pursuant to Paragraph 10(a) will occur on the earlier of (i) the Delivery Date or (ii) a date that is within the calendar year in which the termination of Employment occurs provided , however , that, if you are a specified employee (as defined by the Firm in accordance with Section 409A(a)(2)(i)(B) of the Code), delivery will occur on the earlier of the Delivery Date or (to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A) the date that is six months after your termination of Employment (or, if the latter date is not during a Window Period, the first trading day of the next Window Period). For purposes of Paragraph 10(a), references in this Award Agreement to termination of Employment mean a termination of Employment from the Firm (as defined by the Firm) which is also a separation from service (as defined by the Firm in accordance with Section 409A). 
 - 7 - 

(f) Notwithstanding any provision of Paragraph 7 or Section 2.8.2 of the Plan to the contrary, the Dividend Equivalent Rights with respect to each of your Outstanding Short-Term RSUs will be paid to you within the calendar year that includes the date of distribution of any corresponding regular cash dividends paid by GS Inc. in respect of a share of Common Stock the record date for which occurs on or after the Date of Grant. The payment will be in an amount (less applicable withholding) equal to such regular dividend payment as would have been made in respect of the RSU Shares underlying such Outstanding Short-Term RSUs. 
 (g) The timing of delivery or payment referred to in Paragraph 10(b)(i) will be the earlier of (i) the Delivery Date or (ii) a date that is within the calendar year in which the Committee receives satisfactory documentation relating to your Conflicted Employment, provided that such delivery or payment will be made, and any Committee action referred to in Paragraph 10(b)(ii) will be taken, only at such time as, and if and to the extent that it, as reasonably determined by the Firm, would not result in the imposition of any additional tax to you under Section 409A. 
 (h) Paragraph 13 and Section 3.4 of the Plan will not apply to Awards that are 409A Deferred Compensation except to the extent permitted under Section 409A. 
 (i) Delivery of RSU Shares in respect of any Award may be made, if and to the extent elected by the Committee, later than the Delivery Date or other date or period specified hereinabove (but, in the case of any Award that constitutes 409A Deferred Compensation, only to the extent that the later delivery is permitted under Section 409A). 
 (j) You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties due pursuant to Section 409A, but in no event will you be permitted to designate, directly or indirectly, the taxable year of the delivery. 
 Committee Authority, Amendment, Construction and Regulatory Reporting 
 17. Committee Authority . The Committee has the authority to determine, in its sole discretion, that any event triggering forfeiture or repayment of your Award will not apply and to limit the forfeitures and repayments that result under Paragraphs 8 and 9. 
 18. Amendment . The Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms of this Award Agreement, and the Board may amend the Plan in any respect provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing and Sections 1.3.2(f), 1.3.2(h) and 3.1 of the Plan, no such amendment will materially adversely affect your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement without your consent and provided further that the Committee expressly reserves its rights to amend the Award Agreement and the Plan as described in Sections 1.3.2(h)(1), (2) and (4) of the Plan. A modification that impacts the tax consequences of this Award or the timing of delivery of RSU Shares will not be an amendment that materially adversely affects your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement. Any amendment of this Award Agreement will be in writing. 
 19. Construction, Headings . Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) words describing the singular number include the plural and vice versa, (b) words denoting any gender include all genders and (c) the words include, includes and including will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The headings in this Award Agreement are for the purpose of convenience only and are not intended to define or limit the construction of the provisions hereof. References in this Award Agreement to any specific Plan provision will not be construed as limiting the applicability of any other Plan provision. 
 20. Providing Information to the Appropriate Authorities . In accordance with applicable law, nothing in this Award Agreement (including the forfeiture and repayment provisions in Paragraphs 8 and 9) or the Plan prevents you from providing information you reasonably believe to be true to the appropriate governmental authority, including a regulatory, judicial, administrative, or other governmental entity reporting possible violations of law or regulation making other disclosures that are protected under any applicable law or regulation or filing a charge or participating in any investigation or 
 - 8 - 

proceeding conducted by a governmental authority. For the avoidance of doubt, governmental authority includes federal, state and local government agencies such as the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and any state or local human rights agency e.g. , the New York State Division of Human Rights, the New York City Commission on Human Rights, the California Civil Rights Department), as well as law enforcement e.g. , the state Attorney General). Similarly, nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan prohibits you from speaking with your own attorney regarding your own legal rights or obligations. 
 
 - 9 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , GS Inc. has caused this Award Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the Date of Grant. 
 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. 

- 10 - 

U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix 
 
 This Appendix supplements Paragraph 8 and sets forth additional events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your Short-Term RSUs and may require repayment to the Firm of up to all other amounts previously delivered or paid to you under your Award in accordance with Paragraph 9. As with the events described in Paragraph 8, more than one event may apply, in no case will the occurrence of one event limit the forfeiture and repayment obligations as a result of the occurrence of any other event and the Firm reserves the right to (a) suspend payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights or delivery of RSU Shares, (b) deliver any RSU Shares, dividends or payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights into an escrow account in accordance with Paragraph 11(f)(v) or (c) apply Transfer Restrictions to any RSU Shares in connection with any investigation of whether any of the events that result in forfeiture under this Appendix have occurred. 
 
 With respect to the events described in this Appendix, the Committee will consider certain factors to determine whether and what portion of your Award will terminate, including the reason for the Risk Event (as defined below) and the extent to which (1) you participated in the Risk Event, (2) your compensation for ________ may or may not have been adjusted to take into account the risk associated with the Risk Event or your Serious Misconduct (as defined below) and (3) your compensation may be adjusted for the year in which the Risk Event or your Serious Misconduct is discovered. 
 
 (a) A Risk Event Occurs On or Before the Applicable End Date . If a Risk Event occurs on or before the Applicable End Date, (i) your rights in respect of all or a portion of your Short-Term RSUs will terminate and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such Short-Term RSUs and (ii) you will be obligated immediately upon demand therefor to pay the Firm an amount not in excess of the greater of the Fair Market Value of the RSU Shares (plus any dividend payments and payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights) delivered in respect of the Award (without reduction for any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations) determined as of (A) the date the Risk Event occurred and (B) the date that the repayment request is made. 
 (i) A Risk Event means there occurs a loss of 5 or more of firmwide total capital from a reportable operational risk event determined in accordance with the firmwide Reporting and Operational Risk Events Policy (or any successor policy). 
 (b) You Engage in Serious Misconduct On or Before the Applicable End Date . If you engage in Serious Misconduct during the period beginning on the applicable Transferability Date through the Applicable End Date, you will be obligated immediately upon demand therefor to pay the Firm an amount not in excess of the greater of the Fair Market Value of the RSU Shares (plus any dividend payments and payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights) delivered in respect of the Award (without reduction for any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations) determined as of (i) the date the Serious Misconduct occurred and (ii) the date that the repayment request is made. 
 (i) Serious Misconduct means that you engage in conduct that the Firm reasonably considers, in its sole discretion, to be misconduct sufficient to justify summary termination of employment under English law. 
 (c) Certain Definitions . 
 (i) Applicable End Date means, with respect to each classification in the table below, the following 
 Classification Applicable End Date GSAMI MRT GSAMI Senior MRT UK MRT 
 - 11 - 

(ii) GSAMI MRT means an individual other than a GSAMI Senior MRT or UK MRT who, at any point in ____ , was classified by the Firm as a GSAMI Material Risk Taker in accordance with the remuneration code under the UK Investment Firms Prudential Regime IFPR ). 
 (iii) GSAMI Senior MRT means an individual other than a UK MRT who, at any point in ____ , was classified by the Firm as a GSAMI Senior Material Risk Taker in accordance with the remuneration code under the IFPR. 
 (iv) UK MRT means an individual who, at any point in ____ , was classified by the Firm as a Material Risk Taker in accordance with the remuneration codes applicable to dual-regulated UK firms. 
 (v) For purposes of these definitions, if during ____ you were classified by the Firm as any combination of GSAMI MRT or GSAMI Senior MRT and UK MRT then your classification in the table above is UK MRT or as a combination of GSAMI MRT and GSAMI Senior MRT then your classification in the table above is GSAMI Senior MRT. 
 Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan, this Award Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement you may have with the Firm, the parties agree that to the extent that there is any dispute arising out of or relating to the payment required by Paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Appendix (including your refusal to remit payment) the parties will submit to arbitration in accordance with Paragraph 14 of this Award Agreement and Section 3.17 of the Plan as the sole means of resolution of such dispute (including the recovery by the Firm of the payment amount). 
 
 - 12 - 

GSBE Material Risk Taker Appendix 
 
 This Appendix supplements Paragraph 8 and sets forth additional events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your Short-Term RSUs and may require repayment to the Firm of up to all other amounts previously delivered or paid to you under your Award in accordance with Paragraph 9. As with the events described in Paragraph 8, more than one event may apply, in no case will the occurrence of one event limit the forfeiture and repayment obligations as a result of the occurrence of any other event and the Firm reserves the right to (a) suspend payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights or delivery of RSU Shares, (b) deliver any RSU Shares, dividends or payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights into an escrow account in accordance with Paragraph 11(f)(v) or (c) apply Transfer Restrictions to any RSU Shares in connection with any investigation of whether any of the events that result in forfeiture under this Appendix have occurred. 
 
 With respect to the events described in this Appendix, the Committee will consider all relevant factors in making the decision, in its sole discretion as to whether an Adjustment Event or Actionable Misconduct (both as defined below) have occurred. 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan, this Award Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement you may have with the Firm, the parties agree that to the extent that there is any dispute arising out of or relating to the payment required by this Appendix (including your refusal to remit payment) the parties will submit to arbitration in accordance with Paragraph 14 of this Award Agreement and Section 3.17 of the Plan as the sole means of resolution of such dispute (including the recovery by the Firm of the payment amount). 
 (a) An Adjustment Event Occurs with Respect to______________ . If an Adjustment Event (as defined below) occurs with respect to_____________, (i) your rights in respect of all or a portion of your Short-Term RSUs will terminate and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such Short-Term RSUs, and (ii) you will be obligated immediately upon demand therefor to pay the Firm an amount not in excess of the greater of the Fair Market Value of the RSU Shares (plus any dividend payments) delivered in respect of the Award (without reduction for any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations) determined as of (A) the date the Adjustment Event occurred and (B) the date that the repayment request is made. 
 (i) Adjustment Event means that one of the following has occurred 
 A. you significantly contributed to, or were responsible for, any conduct that resulted in a loss of 0.75 or more of the total capital of GS Inc. 
 B. a material regulatory sanction for the Firm comprising one or more of the following 
 1. a moratorium pursuant to sec. 46g of the German Banking Act, 
 2. a measure in case of danger pursuant to sec. 46 of the German Banking Act, 
 3. the revocation of appointment of a manager pursuant to sec. 36 German Banking Act, 
 4. a fine pursuant to sec. 56 of the German Banking Act or a threatened penalty payment, if the fine or penalty payment amounts to 0.75 or more of the total capital of GS Inc., 
 5. the cancellation of the banking permit pursuant to sec. 35 of the German Banking Act, 
 - 13 - 

6. an order to increase the capital requirements Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (GSBE) by at least 0.5 pursuant to sec. 10 of the German Banking Act, 
 7. a measure in case of organizational deficiencies, 
 8. a comparable regulatory order, or 
 9. a material supervisory measure or 
 C. you acted in serious violation of relevant external or internal rules with respect to suitability and conduct, provided that a violation is considered serious if it suitable to justify a termination of employment for cause pursuant to sec. 626 German Civil Code or a termination of employment for misconduct pursuant to sec. 1 German Termination Protection Act. 
 (d) You Engage in Actionable Misconduct . If the Committee determines that you engaged in Actionable Misconduct, which if known (or if known, adequately considered) would have resulted in a reduction to your annual variable compensation when your variable compensation for that year was determined, your rights in respect of all or a portion of your RSUs (whether or not Vested) will terminate and no RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of such RSUs. 
 (i) Actionable Misconduct means either or both of 
 A. Unethical behavior within the meaning of the IVV 
 B. Breach of duty within the meaning of the IVV. 
 (ii) IVV means the German Remuneration Ordinance for Institutions Institutsverg tungsverordnung and applicable guidance from the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) or the European Central Bank. 
 
 - 14 - 

Definitions Appendix 
 
 The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the following meanings 
 (a) 409A Deferred Compensation means a deferral of compensation or deferred compensation as those terms are defined in the regulations under Section 409A. 
 (b) Conflicted Employment means your employment at any U.S. Federal, state or local government, any non-U.S. government, any supranational or international organization, any self-regulatory organization, or any agency or instrumentality of any such government or organization, or any other employer (other than an Accounting Firm within the meaning of SEC Rule 2-01(f)(2) of Regulation S-X or any successor thereto) determined by the Committee, if, as a result of such employment, your continued holding of any Outstanding Short-Term RSUs would result in an actual or perceived conflict of interest. 
 (c) Failed to Consider Risk means that you participated (or otherwise oversaw or were responsible for, depending on the circumstances, another individual s participation) in the structuring or marketing of any product or service, or participated on behalf of the Firm or any of its clients in the purchase or sale of any security or other property, in any case without appropriate consideration of the risk to the Firm or the broader financial system as a whole (for example, where you have improperly analyzed such risk or where you have failed sufficiently to raise concerns about such risk) and, as a result of such action or omission, the Committee determines there has been, or reasonably could be expected to be, a material adverse impact on the Firm, your business unit or the broader financial system. 
 (d) Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control means that the Firm terminates your Employment other than for Cause or you terminate your Employment for Good Reason, in each case, within 18 months following a Change in Control. 
 (e) SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 - 15 - 

The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the meanings that are assigned to them in the Plan. 
 (a) Account means any brokerage account, custody account or similar account, as approved or required by GS Inc. from time to time, into which shares of Common Stock, cash or other property in respect of an Award are delivered. 
 (b) Award Agreement means the written document or documents by which each Award is evidenced, including any related Award Statement and signature card. 
 (c) Award Statement means a written statement that reflects certain Award terms. 
 (d) Board means the Board of Directors of GS Inc. 
 (e) Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or obligated by Federal law or executive order to be closed. 
 (f) Cause means (i) the Grantee s conviction, whether following trial or by plea of guilty or nolo contendere (or similar plea), in a criminal proceeding (A) on a misdemeanor charge involving fraud, false statements or misleading omissions, wrongful taking, embezzlement, bribery, forgery, counterfeiting or extortion, or (B) on a felony charge, or (C) on an equivalent charge to those in clauses (A) and (B) in jurisdictions which do not use those designations, (ii) the Grantee s engaging in any conduct which constitutes an employment disqualification under applicable law (including statutory disqualification as defined under the Exchange Act), (iii) the Grantee s willful failure to perform the Grantee s duties to the Firm, (iv) the Grantee s violation of any securities or commodities laws, any rules or regulations issued pursuant to such laws, or the rules and regulations of any securities or commodities exchange or association of which the Firm is a member, (v) the Grantee s violation of any Firm policy concerning hedging or pledging or confidential or proprietary information, or the Grantee s material violation of any other Firm policy as in effect from time to time, (vi) the Grantee s engaging in any act or making any statement which impairs, impugns, denigrates, disparages or negatively reflects upon the name, reputation or business interests of the Firm or (vii) the Grantee s engaging in any conduct detrimental to the Firm. The determination as to whether Cause has occurred shall be made by the Committee in its sole discretion and, in such case, the Committee also may, but shall not be required to, specify the date such Cause occurred (including by determining that a prior termination of Employment was for Cause). Any rights the Firm may have hereunder and in any Award Agreement in respect of the events giving rise to Cause shall be in addition to the rights the Firm may have under any other agreement with a Grantee or at law or in equity. 
 (g) Certificate means a stock certificate (or other appropriate document or evidence of ownership) representing shares of Common Stock. 
 (h) Change in Control means the consummation of a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving GS Inc. (a Reorganization or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of GS Inc. s assets to an entity that is not an affiliate of GS Inc. (a Sale ), that in each case requires the approval of GS Inc. s shareholders under the law of GS Inc. s jurisdiction of organization, whether for such Reorganization or Sale (or the issuance of securities of GS Inc. in such Reorganization or Sale), unless immediately following such Reorganization or Sale, either (i) at least 50 of the total voting power (in respect of the election of directors, or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of (A) the entity resulting from such Reorganization, or the entity which has acquired all or substantially all of the assets of GS Inc. in a Sale (in either case, the Surviving Entity ), or (B) if applicable, the ultimate parent entity that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, as such Rule is in effect on the date of the adoption of the 1999 SIP) of 50 or more of the total voting power (in respect of the election of directors, or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of the Surviving Entity (the Parent Entity is represented by GS Inc. s securities (the GS Inc. Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to such Reorganization or Sale (or, if applicable, is represented by shares into which such GS Inc. Securities were converted pursuant to such Reorganization or Sale) or (ii) at least 
 - 16 - 

50 of the members of the board of directors (or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of the Parent Entity (or, if there is no Parent Entity, the Surviving Entity) following the consummation of the Reorganization or Sale were, at the time of the Board s approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Reorganization or Sale, individuals (the Incumbent Directors who either (A) were members of the Board on the Effective Date or (B) became directors subsequent to the Effective Date and whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of GS Inc. s proxy statement in which such persons are named as nominees for director). 
 (i) Client means any client or prospective client of the Firm to whom the Grantee provided services, or for whom the Grantee transacted business, or whose identity became known to the Grantee in connection with the Grantee s relationship with or employment by the Firm. 
 (j) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rulings and regulations thereunder. 
 (k) Committee means the committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan pursuant to Section 1.3, and, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for the compensation realized from Awards under the Plan to be considered performance based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is an outside director within the meaning of Code Section 162(m), and which, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for Awards under the Plan to qualify for the exemption available under Rule 16b-3(d)(1) or Rule 16b-3(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Committee shall be the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 (l) Common Stock means common stock of GS Inc., par value 0.01 per share. 
 (m) Covered Person means a member of the Board or the Committee or any employee of the Firm. 
 (n) Date of Grant means the date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as the date of grant of the Award. 
 (o) Delivery Date means each date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as a delivery date, provided , unless the Committee determines otherwise, such date is during a Window Period or, if such date is not during a Window Period, the first trading day of the first Window Period beginning after such date. 
 (p) Dividend Equivalent Right means a dividend equivalent right granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay to the Grantee amounts equal to all or any portion of the regular cash dividends that would be paid on shares of Common Stock covered by an Award if such shares had been delivered pursuant to an Award. 
 (q) Effective Date means the date this Plan is approved by the shareholders of GS Inc. pursuant to Section 3.15 of the Plan. 
 (r) Employment means the Grantee s performance of services for the Firm, as determined by the Committee. The terms employ and employed shall have their correlative meanings. The Committee in its sole discretion may determine (i) whether and when a Grantee s leave of absence results in a termination of Employment (for this purpose, unless the Committee determines otherwise, a Grantee shall be treated as terminating Employment with the Firm upon the occurrence of an Extended Absence), (ii) whether and when a change in a Grantee s association with the Firm results in a termination of Employment and (iii) the impact, if any, of any such leave of absence or change in association on Awards theretofore made. Unless expressly provided otherwise, any references in the Plan or any Award Agreement to a Grantee s Employment being terminated shall include both voluntary and involuntary terminations. 
 - 17 - 

(s) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
 (t) Firm means GS Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 (u) Good Reason means, in connection with a termination of employment by a Grantee following a Change in Control, (a) as determined by the Committee, a materially adverse alteration in the Grantee s position or in the nature or status of the Grantee s responsibilities from those in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control or (b) the Firm s requiring the Grantee s principal place of Employment to be located more than seventy-five (75) miles from the location where the Grantee is principally Employed at the time of the Change in Control (except for required travel on the Firm s business to an extent substantially consistent with the Grantee s customary business travel obligations in the ordinary course of business prior to the Change in Control). 
 (v) Grantee means a person who receives an Award. 
 (w) GS Inc. means The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 (x) 1999 SIP means The Goldman Sachs 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, as in effect prior to the effective date of the 2003 SIP. 
 (y) Outstanding means any Award to the extent it has not been forfeited, cancelled, terminated, exercised or with respect to which the shares of Common Stock underlying the Award have not been previously delivered or other payments made. 
 (z) RSU means a restricted stock unit granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the RSU Award Agreement. 
 (aa) RSU Shares means shares of Common Stock that underlie an RSU. 
 (ab) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, including any amendments or successor provisions to that Section and any regulations and other administrative guidance thereunder, in each case as they, from time to time, may be amended or interpreted through further administrative guidance. 
 (ac) SIP Administrator means each person designated by the Committee as a SIP Administrator with the authority to perform day-to-day administrative functions for the Plan. 
 (ad) SIP Committee means the persons who have been delegated certain authority under the Plan by the Committee. 
 (ae) Transfer Restrictions means restrictions that prohibit the sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, fractionalization, hedge or other disposal (including through the use of any cash-settled instrument), whether voluntarily or involuntarily by the Grantee, of an Award or any shares of Common Stock, cash or other property delivered in respect of an Award. 
 (af) Vested means, with respect to an Award, the portion of the Award that is not subject to a condition that the Grantee remain actively employed by the Firm in order for the Award to remain Outstanding. The fact that an Award becomes Vested shall not mean or otherwise indicate that the Grantee has an unconditional or nonforfeitable right to such Award, and such Award shall remain subject to such terms, conditions and forfeiture provisions as may be provided for in the Plan or in the Award Agreement. 
 (ag) Window Period means a period designated by the Firm during which all employees of the Firm are permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock provided that, if the Grantee is a member of a designated group of employees who are subject to different restrictions, the Window Period 
 - 18 - 

may be a period designated by the Firm during which an employee of the Firm in such designated group is permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock). 
 - 19 - 

</EX-10.37>

<EX-10.41>
 10
 a1041_formxofxfixedxallowa.htm
 EX-10.41

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.41 

 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Fixed Allowance RSU Award 
 This Award Agreement, together with The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (2021) (the Plan ), governs your Fixed Allowance award of RSUs (your Award ). You should read carefully this entire Award Agreement, which includes the Award Statement, any attached Appendix and the signature card. 
 Acceptance 
 1. You Must Decide Whether to Accept this Award Agreement . To be eligible to receive your Award, you must by the date specified (a) open and activate an Account and (b) agree to all the terms of your Award by executing the related signature card in accordance with its instructions. By executing the signature card, you confirm your agreement to all of the terms of this Award Agreement, including the arbitration and choice of forum provisions in Paragraph 13. 
 Documents that Govern Your Award Definitions 
 2. The Plan . Your Award is granted under the Plan, and the Plan s terms apply to, and are a part of, this Award Agreement. 
 3. Your Award Statement . The Award Statement delivered to you contains some of your Award s specific terms. For example, it contains the number of Fixed Allowance RSUs awarded to you and any applicable Delivery Dates and Transferability Dates. 
 4. Definitions . Unless otherwise defined herein, including in the Definitions Appendix or any other Appendix, capitalized terms have the meanings provided in the Plan. 
 Vesting of Your Fixed Allowance RSUs 
 5. Vesting . All of your Fixed Allowance RSUs are Vested. When a Fixed Allowance RSU is Vested, it means that your continued active Employment is not required for delivery of that portion of RSU Shares. The terms of this Award Agreement (including conditions to delivery and any applicable Transfer Restrictions) continue to apply to Vested Fixed Allowance RSUs. 
 Delivery of Your RSU Shares 
 6. Delivery . Reasonably promptly (but no more than 30 Business Days) after each Delivery Date listed on your Award Statement, RSU Shares (less applicable withholding as described in Paragraph 10(a)) will be delivered (by book entry credit to your Account) in respect of the amount of Outstanding Fixed Allowance RSUs listed next to that date. The Committee or the SIP Committee may select multiple dates within the 30-Business-Day period following the Delivery Date to deliver RSU Shares in respect of all or a portion of the Fixed Allowance RSUs with the same Delivery Date listed on the Award Statement, and all such dates will be treated as a single Delivery Date for purposes of this Award. Until such delivery, you have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor, and no rights as a shareholder of GS Inc. Without limiting the Committee s authority under Section 1.3.2(h) of the Plan, the Firm may accelerate any Delivery Date by up to 30 days. 
 Transfer Restrictions Following Delivery 
 7. Transfer Restrictions and Shares at Risk . Fifty percent of the RSU Shares that are delivered on any date, before tax withholding (or, if the applicable tax withholding rate is greater than 50 , all RSU Shares delivered after tax withholding), will be Shares at Risk. This means that if, for example, on a Delivery Date, you are scheduled to receive delivery of 1,000 RSU Shares, and you are subject to a 40 withholding rate, then (a) 400 RSU Shares will be withheld for taxes, (b) 500 RSU Shares delivered to you will be Shares at Risk and (c) 100 RSU Shares delivered to you will not be subject to Transfer Restrictions. Any purported sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, 

hypothecation, fractionalization, hedge or other disposition in violation of the Transfer Restrictions on Shares at Risk will be void. Within 30 Business Days after the applicable Transferability Date listed on your Award Statement (or any other date on which the Transfer Restrictions are to be removed), GS Inc. will remove the Transfer Restrictions. The Committee or the SIP Committee may select multiple dates within such 30-Business-Day period on which to remove Transfer Restrictions for all or a portion of the Shares at Risk with the same Transferability Date listed on the Award Statement, and all such dates will be treated as a single Transferability Date for purposes of this Award. 
 Dividends 
 8. Dividend Equivalent Rights and Dividends . Each Fixed Allowance RSU includes a Dividend Equivalent Right, which entitles you to receive an amount (less applicable withholding), at or after the time of distribution of any regular cash dividend paid by GS Inc. in respect of a share of Common Stock, equal to any regular cash dividend payment that would have been made in respect of an RSU Share underlying your Outstanding Fixed Allowance RSUs for any record date that occurs on or after the Date of Grant. In addition, you will be entitled to receive on a current basis any regular cash dividend paid in respect of your Shares at Risk. 
 Exceptions to Delivery and or Transferability Dates 
 9. Accelerated Delivery and or Release of Transfer Restrictions in the Event of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, Conflicted Employment or Death . In the event of your Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, Conflicted Employment or death, each as described below, your Outstanding RSUs and Shares at Risk will be treated as described in this Paragraph 9. 
 (a) You Have a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control . If your Employment terminates when you meet the requirements of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, the RSU Shares underlying your Outstanding Fixed Allowance RSUs will be delivered, and any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply. 
 (b) You Are Determined to Have Accepted Conflicted Employment. 
 (i) Generally . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or otherwise, for purposes of this Award Agreement, Conflicted Employment means your employment at any U.S. Federal, state or local government, any non-U.S. government, any supranational or international organization, any self-regulatory organization, or any agency or instrumentality of any such government or organization, or any other employer (other than an Accounting Firm within the meaning of SEC Rule 2-01(f)(2) of Regulation S-X or any successor thereto) determined by the Committee, if, as a result of such employment, your continued holding of any Outstanding RSUs and Shares at Risk would result in an actual or perceived conflict of interest. If your Employment terminates solely because you resign to accept Conflicted Employment or if, following your termination of Employment, you notify the Firm that you are accepting Conflicted Employment, unless prohibited by applicable law or regulation, RSU Shares will be delivered in respect of your Outstanding Fixed Allowance RSUs (including in the form of cash as described in Paragraph 10(b)) and any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply as soon as practicable after the Committee has received satisfactory documentation relating to your Conflicted Employment. 
 (ii) You May Have to Take Other Steps to Address Conflicts of Interest . The Committee retains the authority to exercise its rights under the Award Agreement or the Plan (including Section 1.3.2 of the Plan) to take or require you to take other steps it determines in its sole discretion to be necessary or appropriate to cure an actual or perceived conflict of interest (which may include a determination that the accelerated delivery and or release of Transfer Restrictions described in Paragraph 9(b)(i) will not apply because such actions are not necessary or appropriate to cure an actual or perceived conflict of interest). 
 - 2 - 

(c) Death . If you die, the RSU Shares underlying your Outstanding Fixed Allowance RSUs will be delivered to your Account and any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply as soon as practicable after the date of death and after such documentation as may be requested by the Committee is provided to the Committee. 
 Other Terms, Conditions and Agreements 
 10. Additional Terms, Conditions and Agreements . 
 (a) You Must Satisfy Applicable Tax Withholding Requirements . Delivery of RSU Shares is conditioned on your satisfaction of any applicable withholding taxes in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Plan, which includes the Firm deducting or withholding amounts from any payment or distribution to you. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Firm, in its sole discretion, may require you to provide amounts equal to all or a portion of any Federal, state, local, foreign or other tax obligations imposed on you or the Firm in connection with the grant or delivery of this Award by requiring you to choose between remitting the amount (i) in cash (or through payroll deduction or otherwise) or (ii) in the form of proceeds from the Firm s executing a sale of RSU Shares delivered to you under this Award. In no event, however, does this Paragraph 10(a) give you any discretion to determine or affect the timing of the delivery of RSU Shares or the timing of payment of tax obligations. 
 (b) Firm May Deliver Cash or Other Property Instead of RSU Shares . In accordance with Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, in the sole discretion of the Committee, in lieu of all or any portion of the RSU Shares, the Firm may deliver cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property, and all references in this Award Agreement to deliveries of RSU Shares will include such deliveries of cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property. 
 (c) Amounts May Be Rounded to Avoid Fractional Shares . RSU Shares that become deliverable on a Delivery Date and RSU Shares subject to Transfer Restrictions may, in each case, be rounded to avoid fractional Shares. 
 (d) You May Be Required to Become a Party to the Shareholders Agreement . Your rights to your Fixed Allowance RSUs are conditioned on your becoming a party to any shareholders agreement to which other similarly situated employees e.g. , employees with a similar title or position) of the Firm are required to be a party. 
 (e) Firm May Affix Legends and Place Stop Orders on Restricted RSU Shares . GS Inc. may affix to Certificates representing RSU Shares any legend that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable (including to reflect any restrictions to which you may be subject under a separate agreement). GS Inc. may advise the transfer agent to place a stop order against any legended RSU Shares. 
 (f) You Agree to Certain Consents, Terms and Conditions . By accepting this Award you understand and agree that 
 (i) You Agree to Certain Consents as a Condition to the Award . You have expressly consented to all of the items listed in Section 3.3.3(d) of the Plan, including the Firm s supplying to any third-party recordkeeper of the Plan or other person such personal information of yours as the Committee deems advisable to administer the Plan, and you agree to provide any additional consents that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable 
 (ii) You Are Subject to the Firm s Policies, Rules and Procedures . You are subject to the Firm s policies in effect from time to time concerning trading in RSU Shares and hedging or pledging RSU Shares and equity-based compensation or other awards (including, without limitation, the Firmwide Policy with Respect to Personal Transactions Involving GS Securities and GS Equity Awards or any successor policies), 
 - 3 - 

and confidential or proprietary information, and you will effect sales of RSU Shares in accordance with such rules and procedures as may be adopted from time to time (which may include, without limitation, restrictions relating to the timing of sale requests, the manner in which sales are executed, pricing method, consolidation or aggregation of orders and volume limits determined by the Firm) 
 (iii) You Are Responsible for Costs Associated with Your Award . You will be responsible for all brokerage costs and other fees or expenses associated with your Fixed Allowance RSUs, including those related to the sale of RSU Shares 
 (iv) You Will Be Deemed to Represent Your Compliance with All the Terms of Your Award if You Accept Delivery of, or Sell, RSU Shares . You will be deemed to have represented and certified that you have complied with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement when RSU Shares are delivered to you, you receive payment in respect of Dividend Equivalent Rights and you request the sale of RSU Shares following the release of Transfer Restrictions 
 (v) Firm May Deliver Your Award into an Escrow Account . The Firm may establish and maintain an escrow account on such terms (which may include your executing any documents related to, and your paying for any costs associated with, such account) as it may deem necessary or appropriate, and the delivery of RSU Shares (including Shares at Risk) or the payment of cash (including dividends and payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights) or other property may initially be made into and held in that escrow account until such time as the Committee has received such documentation as it may have requested or until the Committee has determined that any other conditions or restrictions on delivery of RSU Shares, cash or other property required by this Award Agreement have been satisfied 
 (vi) You Must Comply with Applicable Deadlines and Procedures to Appeal Determinations Made by the Committee, the SIP Committee or SIP Administrators. If you disagree with a determination made by the Committee, the SIP Committee, the SIP Administrators, or any of their delegates or designees and you wish to appeal such determination, you must submit a written request to the SIP Committee for review within 180 days after the determination at issue. You must exhaust your internal administrative remedies i.e. , submit your appeal and wait for resolution of that appeal) before seeking to resolve a dispute through arbitration pursuant to Paragraph 13 and Section 3.17 of the Plan and 
 (vii) You Agree that Covered Persons Will Not Have Liability. In addition to and without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 1.3.5 of the Plan, neither the Firm nor any Covered Person will have any liability to you or any other person for any action taken or omitted in respect of this or any other Award. 
 11. Non-transferability . Except as otherwise may be provided in this Paragraph 11 or as otherwise may be provided by the Committee, the limitations on transferability set forth in Section 3.5 of the Plan will apply to this Award. Any purported transfer or assignment in violation of the provisions of this Paragraph 11 or Section 3.5 of the Plan will be void. The Committee may adopt procedures pursuant to which some or all recipients of Fixed Allowance RSUs may transfer some or all of their Fixed Allowance RSUs and or Shares at Risk (which will continue to be subject to Transfer Restrictions until the Transferability Date) through a gift for no consideration to any immediate family member, a trust or other estate planning vehicle approved by the Committee or SIP Committee in which the recipient and or the recipient s immediate family members in the aggregate have 100 of the beneficial interest. 
 12. Right of Offset . Except as provided in Paragraph 15(h), the obligation to deliver RSU Shares, to pay dividends or payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights or to remove the Transfer Restrictions under this Award Agreement is subject to Section 3.4 of the Plan, which provides for the Firm s right to offset against such obligation any outstanding amounts you owe to the Firm and any amounts the Committee deems appropriate pursuant to any tax equalization policy or agreement. 
 - 4 - 

ARBITRATION, CHOICE OF FORUM AND GOVERNING LAW 
 13. Arbitration Choice of Forum . 
 (a) By accepting this award, you are indicating that you understand and agree that the arbitration and choice of forum provisions set forth in Section 3.17 of the plan will apply to this award to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. These provisions, which are expressly incorporated herein by reference, provide among other things that any dispute, controversy or claim between the Firm and you arising out of or relating to or concerning the Plan or this award agreement will be finally settled by arbitration, pursuant to the terms more fully set forth in Section 3.17 of the plan provided that nothing herein shall preclude you from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any governmental authority, including but not limited to the sec, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and a state or local human rights agency, as well as law enforcement. 
 (b) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitrator will have the authority to consider class, collective or representative claims, to order consolidation or to join different claimants or grant relief other than on an individual basis to the individual claimant involved. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any applicable forum rules to the contrary, to the extent there is a question of enforceability of this Award Agreement arising from a challenge to the arbitrator s jurisdiction or to the arbitrability of a claim, it will be decided by a court and not an arbitrator. 
 (d) The Federal Arbitration Act governs interpretation and enforcement of all arbitration provisions under the Plan and this Award Agreement, and all arbitration proceedings thereunder. 
 (e) Nothing in this Award Agreement creates a substantive right to bring a claim under U.S. Federal, state, or local employment laws. 
 (f) By accepting your Award, you irrevocably appoint each General Counsel of GS Inc., or any person whom the General Counsel of GS Inc. designates, as your agent for service of process in connection with any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to or concerning the Plan or any Award which is not arbitrated pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.17.1 of the Plan, who shall promptly advise you of any such service of process. 
 (g) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitrator will have the authority to consider any claim as to which you have not first exhausted your internal administrative remedies in accordance with Paragraph 10(f)(vi). 
 14. Governing Law . THIS AWARD WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS. 
 Certain Tax Provisions 
 15. Compliance of Award Agreement and Plan with Section 409A . The provisions of this Paragraph 15 apply to you only if you are a U.S. taxpayer. 
 (a) This Award Agreement and the Plan provisions that apply to this Award are intended and will be construed to comply with Section 409A (including the requirements applicable to, or the conditions for exemption from treatment as, 409A Deferred Compensation), whether by reason of short-term deferral treatment or other exceptions or provisions. The Committee will have full authority to give effect to this intent. To the extent necessary to give effect to this intent, in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between the provisions 
 - 5 - 

of the Plan (including Sections 1.3.2 and 2.1 thereof) and this Award Agreement, the provisions of this Award Agreement will govern, and in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between this Paragraph 15 and the other provisions of this Award Agreement, this Paragraph 15 will govern. 
 (b) Delivery of RSU Shares will not be delayed beyond the date on which all applicable conditions or restrictions on delivery of RSU Shares required by this Agreement (including those specified in Paragraphs 6, 7, 9(c) and 10 and the consents and other items specified in Section 3.3 of the Plan) are satisfied. To the extent that any portion of this Award is intended to satisfy the requirements for short-term deferral treatment under Section 409A, delivery for such portion will occur by the March 15 coinciding with the last day of the applicable short-term deferral period described in Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4) in order for the delivery of RSU Shares to be within the short-term deferral exception unless, in order to permit all applicable conditions or restrictions on delivery to be satisfied, the Committee elects, pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted in accordance with Section 409A, to delay delivery of RSU Shares to a later date within the same calendar year or to such later date as may be permitted under Section 409A, including Reg. 1.409A-3(d). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Award includes a series of installment payments as described in Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii), your right to the series of installment payments will be treated as a right to a series of separate payments and not as a right to a single payment. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 10(b) and Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, any securities, other Awards or other property that the Firm may deliver in respect of your Fixed Allowance RSUs will not have the effect of deferring delivery or payment, income inclusion, or a substantial risk of forfeiture, beyond the date on which such delivery, payment or inclusion would occur or such risk of forfeiture would lapse, with respect to the RSU Shares that would otherwise have been deliverable (unless the Committee elects a later date for this purpose pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted under Section 409A, including and to the extent applicable, the subsequent election provisions of Section 409A(a)(4)(C) of the Code and Reg. 1.409A-2(b)). 
 (d) Notwithstanding the timing provisions of Paragraph 9(c), the delivery of RSU Shares referred to therein will be made after the date of death and during the calendar year that includes the date of death (or on such later date as may be permitted under Section 409A). 
 (e) The timing of delivery or payment pursuant to Paragraph 9(a) will occur on the earlier of (i) the Delivery Date or (ii) a date that is within the calendar year in which the termination of Employment occurs provided , however , that, if you are a specified employee (as defined by the Firm in accordance with Section 409A(a)(2)(i)(B) of the Code), delivery will occur on the earlier of the Delivery Date or (to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A) the date that is six months after your termination of Employment (or, if the latter date is not during a Window Period, the first trading day of the next Window Period). For purposes of Paragraph 9(a), references in this Award Agreement to termination of Employment mean a termination of Employment from the Firm (as defined by the Firm) which is also a separation from service (as defined by the Firm in accordance with Section 409A). 
 (f) Notwithstanding any provision of Paragraph 8 or Section 2.8.2 of the Plan to the contrary, the Dividend Equivalent Rights with respect to each of your Outstanding Fixed Allowance RSUs will be paid to you within the calendar year that includes the date of distribution of any corresponding regular cash dividends paid by GS Inc. in respect of a share of Common Stock the record date for which occurs on or after the Date of Grant. The payment will be in an amount (less applicable withholding) equal to such regular dividend payment as would have been made in respect of the RSU Shares underlying such Outstanding Fixed Allowance RSUs. 
 (g) The timing of delivery or payment referred to in Paragraph 9(b)(i) will be the earlier of (i) the Delivery Date or (ii) a date that is within the calendar year in which the Committee receives satisfactory documentation relating to your Conflicted Employment, 
 - 6 - 

provided that such delivery or payment will be made, and any Committee action referred to in Paragraph 9(b)(ii) will be taken, only at such time as, and if and to the extent that it, as reasonably determined by the Firm, would not result in the imposition of any additional tax to you under Section 409A. 
 (h) Paragraph 12 and Section 3.4 of the Plan will not apply to Awards that are 409A Deferred Compensation except to the extent permitted under Section 409A. 
 (i) Delivery of RSU Shares in respect of any Award may be made, if and to the extent elected by the Committee, later than the Delivery Date or other date or period specified hereinabove (but, in the case of any Award that constitutes 409A Deferred Compensation, only to the extent that the later delivery is permitted under Section 409A). 
 (j) You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties due pursuant to Section 409A, but in no event will you be permitted to designate, directly or indirectly, the taxable year of the delivery. 
 Amendment, Construction and Regulatory Reporting 
 16. Amendment . The Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms of this Award Agreement, and the Board may amend the Plan in any respect provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing and Sections 1.3.2(f), 1.3.2(h) and 3.1 of the Plan, no such amendment will materially adversely affect your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement without your consent and provided further that the Committee expressly reserves its rights to amend the Award Agreement and the Plan as described in Sections 1.3.2(h)(1), (2) and (4) of the Plan. A modification that impacts the tax consequences of this Award or the timing of delivery of RSU Shares will not be an amendment that materially adversely affects your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement. Any amendment of this Award Agreement will be in writing. 
 17. Construction, Headings . Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) words describing the singular number include the plural and vice versa, (b) words denoting any gender include all genders and (c) the words include, includes and including will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The headings in this Award Agreement are for the purpose of convenience only and are not intended to define or limit the construction of the provisions hereof. References in this Award Agreement to any specific Plan provision will not be construed as limiting the applicability of any other Plan provision. 
 18. Providing Information to the Appropriate Authorities . In accordance with applicable law, nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan prevents you from providing information you reasonably believe to be true to the appropriate governmental authority, including a regulatory, judicial, administrative, or other governmental entity reporting possible violations of law or regulation making other disclosures that are protected under any applicable law or regulation or filing a charge or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by a governmental authority. For the avoidance of doubt, governmental authority includes federal, state and local government agencies such as the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and any state or local human rights agency e.g. , the New York State Division of Human Rights, the New York City Commission on Human Rights, the California Civil Rights Department), as well as law enforcement e . g ., the state Attorney General). Similarly, nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan prohibits you from speaking with your own attorney regarding your own legal rights or obligations. 
 - 7 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , GS Inc. has caused this Award Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the Date of Grant. 
 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. 

Definitions Appendix 
 The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the following meanings 
 (a) 409A Deferred Compensation means a deferral of compensation or deferred compensation as those terms are defined in the regulations under Section 409A. 
 (b) Conflicted Employment means your employment at any U.S. Federal, state or local government, any non-U.S. government, any supranational or international organization, any self-regulatory organization, or any agency or instrumentality of any such government or organization, or any other employer (other than an Accounting Firm within the meaning of SEC Rule 2-01(f)(2) of Regulation S-X or any successor thereto) determined by the Committee, if, as a result of such employment, your continued holding of any Outstanding RSUs and Shares at Risk would result in an actual or perceived conflict of interest. 
 (c) Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control means that the Firm terminates your Employment other than for Cause or you terminate your Employment for Good Reason, in each case, within 18 months following a Change in Control. 
 (d) SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 (e) Shares at Risk means RSU Shares subject to Transfer Restrictions. 
 
 - 9 - 

The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the meanings that are assigned to them in the Plan. 
 (a) Account means any brokerage account, custody account or similar account, as approved or required by GS Inc. from time to time, into which shares of Common Stock, cash or other property in respect of an Award are delivered. 
 (b) Award Agreement means the written document or documents by which each Award is evidenced, including any related Award Statement and signature card. 
 (c) Award Statement means a written statement that reflects certain Award terms. 
 (d) Board means the Board of Directors of GS Inc. 
 (e) Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or obligated by Federal law or executive order to be closed. 
 (f) Cause means (i) the Grantee s conviction, whether following trial or by plea of guilty or nolo contendere (or similar plea), in a criminal proceeding (A) on a misdemeanor charge involving fraud, false statements or misleading omissions, wrongful taking, embezzlement, bribery, forgery, counterfeiting or extortion, or (B) on a felony charge, or (C) on an equivalent charge to those in clauses (A) and (B) in jurisdictions which do not use those designations, (ii) the Grantee s engaging in any conduct which constitutes an employment disqualification under applicable law (including statutory disqualification as defined under the Exchange Act), (iii) the Grantee s willful failure to perform the Grantee s duties to the Firm, (iv) the Grantee s violation of any securities or commodities laws, any rules or regulations issued pursuant to such laws, or the rules and regulations of any securities or commodities exchange or association of which the Firm is a member, (v) the Grantee s violation of any Firm policy concerning hedging or pledging or confidential or proprietary information, or the Grantee s material violation of any other Firm policy as in effect from time to time, (vi) the Grantee s engaging in any act or making any statement which impairs, impugns, denigrates, disparages or negatively reflects upon the name, reputation or business interests of the Firm or (vii) the Grantee s engaging in any conduct detrimental to the Firm. The determination as to whether Cause has occurred shall be made by the Committee in its sole discretion and, in such case, the Committee also may, but shall not be required to, specify the date such Cause occurred (including by determining that a prior termination of Employment was for Cause). Any rights the Firm may have hereunder and in any Award Agreement in respect of the events giving rise to Cause shall be in addition to the rights the Firm may have under any other agreement with a Grantee or at law or in equity. 
 (g) Certificate means a stock certificate (or other appropriate document or evidence of ownership) representing shares of Common Stock. 
 (h) Change in Control means the consummation of a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving GS Inc. (a Reorganization or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of GS Inc. s assets to an entity that is not an affiliate of GS Inc. (a Sale ), that in each case requires the approval of GS Inc. s shareholders under the law of GS Inc. s jurisdiction of organization, whether for such Reorganization or Sale (or the issuance of securities of GS Inc. in such Reorganization or Sale), unless immediately following such Reorganization or Sale, either (i) at least 50 of the total voting power (in respect of the election of directors, or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of (A) the entity resulting from such Reorganization, or the entity which has acquired all or substantially all of the assets of GS Inc. in a Sale (in either case, the Surviving Entity ), or (B) if applicable, the ultimate parent entity that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, as such Rule is in effect on the date of the adoption of the 1999 SIP) of 50 or more of the total voting power (in respect of the election of directors, or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of the Surviving Entity (the Parent Entity is represented by GS Inc. s securities (the GS Inc. Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to such Reorganization or Sale (or, if applicable, is represented by shares into which such GS Inc. Securities were converted pursuant to such Reorganization or Sale) or (ii) at least 
 - 10 - 

50 of the members of the board of directors (or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of the Parent Entity (or, if there is no Parent Entity, the Surviving Entity) following the consummation of the Reorganization or Sale were, at the time of the Board s approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Reorganization or Sale, individuals (the Incumbent Directors who either (A) were members of the Board on the Effective Date or (B) became directors subsequent to the Effective Date and whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of GS Inc. s proxy statement in which such persons are named as nominees for director). 
 (i) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rulings and regulations thereunder. 
 (j) Committee means the committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan pursuant to Section 1.3, and, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for the compensation realized from Awards under the Plan to be considered performance based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is an outside director within the meaning of Code Section 162(m), and which, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for Awards under the Plan to qualify for the exemption available under Rule 16b-3(d)(1) or Rule 16b-3(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Committee shall be the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 (k) Common Stock means common stock of GS Inc., par value 0.01 per share. 
 (l) Covered Person means a member of the Board or the Committee or any employee of the Firm. 
 (m) Date of Grant means the date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as the date of grant of the Award. 
 (n) Delivery Date means each date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as a delivery date, provided, unless the Committee determines otherwise, such date is during a Window Period or, if such date is not during a Window Period, the first trading day of the first Window Period beginning after such date. 
 (o) Dividend Equivalent Right means a dividend equivalent right granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay to the Grantee amounts equal to all or any portion of the regular cash dividends that would be paid on shares of Common Stock covered by an Award if such shares had been delivered pursuant to an Award. 
 (p) Effective Date means the date this Plan is approved by the shareholders of GS Inc. pursuant to Section 3.15 of the Plan. 
 (q) Employment means the Grantee s performance of services for the Firm, as determined by the Committee. The terms employ and employed shall have their correlative meanings. The Committee in its sole discretion may determine (i) whether and when a Grantee s leave of absence results in a termination of Employment (for this purpose, unless the Committee determines otherwise, a Grantee shall be treated as terminating Employment with the Firm upon the occurrence of an Extended Absence), (ii) whether and when a change in a Grantee s association with the Firm results in a termination of Employment and (iii) the impact, if any, of any such leave of absence or change in association on Awards theretofore made. Unless expressly provided otherwise, any references in the Plan or any Award Agreement to a Grantee s Employment being terminated shall include both voluntary and involuntary terminations. 
 (r) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
 - 11 - 

(s) Extended Absence means the Grantee s inability to perform for six (6) continuous months, due to illness, injury or pregnancy-related complications, substantially all the essential duties of the Grantee s occupation, as determined by the Committee. 
 (t) Firm means GS Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 (u) Good Reason means, in connection with a termination of employment by a Grantee following a Change in Control, (a) as determined by the Committee, a materially adverse alteration in the Grantee s position or in the nature or status of the Grantee s responsibilities from those in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control or (b) the Firm s requiring the Grantee s principal place of Employment to be located more than seventy-five (75) miles from the location where the Grantee is principally Employed at the time of the Change in Control (except for required travel on the Firm s business to an extent substantially consistent with the Grantee s customary business travel obligations in the ordinary course of business prior to the Change in Control). 
 (v) Grantee means a person who receives an Award. 
 (w) GS Inc. means The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 (x) 1999 SIP means The Goldman Sachs 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, as in effect prior to the effective date of the 2003 SIP. 
 (y) Outstanding means any Award to the extent it has not been forfeited, cancelled, terminated, exercised or with respect to which the shares of Common Stock underlying the Award have not been previously delivered or other payments made. 
 (z) Restricted Share means a share of Common Stock delivered under the Plan that is subject to Transfer Restrictions, forfeiture provisions and or other terms and conditions specified herein and in the Restricted Share Award Agreement or other applicable Award Agreement. All references to Restricted Shares include Shares at Risk. 
 (aa) RSU means a restricted stock unit granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the RSU Award Agreement. 
 (ab) RSU Shares means shares of Common Stock that underlie an RSU. 
 (ac) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, including any amendments or successor provisions to that Section and any regulations and other administrative guidance thereunder, in each case as they, from time to time, may be amended or interpreted through further administrative guidance. 
 (ad) SIP Administrator means each person designated by the Committee as a SIP Administrator with the authority to perform day-to-day administrative functions for the Plan. 
 (ae) SIP Committee means the persons who have been delegated certain authority under the Plan by the Committee. 
 (af) Transfer Restrictions means restrictions that prohibit the sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, fractionalization, hedge or other disposal (including through the use of any cash-settled instrument), whether voluntarily or involuntarily by the Grantee, of an Award or any shares of Common Stock, cash or other property delivered in respect of an Award. 
 (ag) Transferability Date means the date Transfer Restrictions on a Restricted Share will be released. Within 30 Business Days after the applicable Transferability Date, GS Inc. shall take, or shall cause to be taken, such steps as may be necessary to remove Transfer Restrictions. 
 - 12 - 

(ah) Vested means, with respect to an Award, the portion of the Award that is not subject to a condition that the Grantee remain actively employed by the Firm in order for the Award to remain Outstanding. The fact that an Award becomes Vested shall not mean or otherwise indicate that the Grantee has an unconditional or nonforfeitable right to such Award, and such Award shall remain subject to such terms, conditions and forfeiture provisions as may be provided for in the Plan or in the Award Agreement. 
 (ai) Window Period means a period designated by the Firm during which all employees of the Firm are permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock (provided that, if the Grantee is a member of a designated group of employees who are subject to different restrictions, the Window Period may be a period designated by the Firm during which an employee of the Firm in such designated group is permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock). 
 
 - 13 - 

</EX-10.41>

<EX-10.42>
 11
 a1042_formxofxfixedxallowa.htm
 EX-10.42

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.42 

 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Fixed Allowance Restricted Stock Award 
 This Award Agreement, together with The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (2021) (the Plan ), governs your award of Fixed Allowance Restricted Shares (your Award ). You should read carefully this entire Award Agreement, which includes the Award Statement, any attached Appendix and the signature card. 
 Acceptance 
 1. You Must Decide Whether to Accept this Award Agreement . To be eligible to receive your Award, you must by the date specified (a) open and activate an Account and (b) agree to all the terms of your Award by executing the related signature card in accordance with its instructions. By executing the signature card, you confirm your agreement to all of the terms of this Award Agreement, including the arbitration and choice of forum provisions in Paragraph 12. 
 Documents that Govern Your Award Definitions 
 2. The Plan . Your Award is granted under the Plan, and the Plan s terms apply to, and are a part of, this Award Agreement. 
 3. Your Award Statement . The Award Statement delivered to you contains some of your Award s specific terms. For example, it contains the number of Fixed Allowance Restricted Shares awarded to you and any applicable Transferability Dates. 
 4. Definitions . Unless otherwise defined herein, including in the Definitions Appendix or any other Appendix, capitalized terms have the meanings provided in the Plan. 
 Vesting of Your Fixed Allowance Restricted Shares 
 5. Vesting . All of your Fixed Allowance Restricted Shares are Vested. When a Fixed Allowance Restricted Share is Vested, it means that your continued active Employment is not required for that portion of Restricted Shares to become fully transferable without risk of forfeiture. The terms of this Award Agreement (including any applicable Transfer Restrictions) continue to apply to Vested Fixed Allowance Restricted Shares. 
 Transfer Restrictions 
 6. Transfer Restrictions . Fixed Allowance Restricted Shares will be subject to Transfer Restrictions until the applicable Transferability Date next to such number or percentage of Restricted Shares on your Award Statement. Any purported sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, fractionalization, hedge or other disposition in violation of the Transfer Restrictions will be void. Within 30 Business Days after the applicable Transferability Date listed on your Award Statement (or any other date on which the Transfer Restrictions are to be removed), GS Inc. will remove the Transfer Restrictions. The Committee or the SIP Committee may select multiple dates within such 30-Business-Day period on which to remove Transfer Restrictions for all or a portion of the Restricted Shares with the same Transferability Date listed on the Award Statement, and all such dates will be treated as a single Transferability Date for purposes of this Award. 
 Dividends 
 7. Dividends . You will be entitled to receive on a current basis any regular cash dividend paid in respect of your Fixed Allowance Restricted Shares. 

Exceptions to Transferability Dates 
 8. Accelerated Release of Transfer Restrictions in the Event of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, Conflicted Employment or Death . In the event of your Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, Conflicted Employment or death, each as described below, your Outstanding Restricted Shares will be treated as described in this Paragraph 8. 
 (a) You Have a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control . If your Employment terminates when you meet the requirements of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply. 
 (b) You Are Determined to Have Accepted Conflicted Employment. 
 (i) Generally . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or otherwise, for purposes of this Award Agreement, Conflicted Employment means your employment at any U.S. Federal, state or local government, any non-U.S. government, any supranational or international organization, any self-regulatory organization, or any agency or instrumentality of any such government or organization, or any other employer (other than an Accounting Firm within the meaning of SEC Rule 2-01(f)(2) of Regulation S-X or any successor thereto) determined by the Committee, if, as a result of such employment, your continued holding of any Outstanding Restricted Shares would result in an actual or perceived conflict of interest. If your Employment terminates solely because you resign to accept Conflicted Employment or if, following your termination of Employment, you notify the Firm that you are accepting Conflicted Employment, unless prohibited by applicable law or regulation, any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply as soon as practicable after the Committee has received satisfactory documentation relating to your Conflicted Employment. 
 (ii) You May Have to Take Other Steps to Address Conflicts of Interest . The Committee retains the authority to exercise its rights under the Award Agreement or the Plan (including Section 1.3.2 of the Plan) to take or require you to take other steps it determines in its sole discretion to be necessary or appropriate to cure an actual or perceived conflict of interest (which may include a determination that the accelerated release of Transfer Restrictions described in Paragraph 8(b)(i) will not apply because such actions are not necessary or appropriate to cure an actual or perceived conflict of interest). 
 (c) Death . If you die, any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply as soon as practicable after the date of death and after such documentation as may be requested by the Committee is provided to the Committee. 
 Other Terms, Conditions and Agreements 
 9. Additional Terms, Conditions and Agreements . 
 (a) You Must Satisfy Applicable Tax Withholding Requirements . Removal of the Transfer Restrictions is conditioned on your satisfaction of any applicable withholding taxes in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Plan, which includes the Firm deducting or withholding amounts from any payment or distribution to you. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Firm, in its sole discretion, may require you to provide amounts equal to all or a portion of any Federal, state, local, foreign or other tax obligations imposed on you or the Firm in connection with the grant of this Award by requiring you to choose between remitting the amount (i) in cash (or through payroll deduction or otherwise), (ii) in the form of proceeds from the Firm s executing a sale of shares of Common Stock delivered to you under this Award or (iii) shares of Common Stock delivered to you pursuant to this Award. 
 (b) Firm May Deliver Cash or Other Property Instead of Shares . In accordance with Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, in the sole discretion of the Committee, in lieu of all or any portion of 
 - 2 - 

the shares of Common Stock, the Firm may deliver cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property, and all references in this Award Agreement to deliveries of shares of Common Stock will include such deliveries of cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property. 
 (c) Amounts May Be Rounded to Avoid Fractional Shares . Restricted Shares subject to Transfer Restrictions may, in each case, be rounded to avoid fractional shares of Common Stock. 
 (d) You May Be Required to Become a Party to the Shareholders Agreement . Your rights to your Fixed Allowance Restricted Shares are conditioned on your becoming a party to any shareholders agreement to which other similarly situated employees e.g. , employees with a similar title or position) of the Firm are required to be a party. 
 (e) Firm May Affix Legends and Place Stop Orders on Restricted Shares . GS Inc. may affix to Certificates representing shares of Common Stock any legend that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable (including to reflect any restrictions to which you may be subject under a separate agreement). GS Inc. may advise the transfer agent to place a stop order against any legended shares of Common Stock. 
 (f) You Agree to Certain Consents, Terms and Conditions . By accepting this Award you understand and agree that 
 (i) You Agree to Certain Consents as a Condition to the Award . You have expressly consented to all of the items listed in Section 3.3.3(d) of the Plan, including the Firm s supplying to any third-party recordkeeper of the Plan or other person such personal information of yours as the Committee deems advisable to administer the Plan, and you agree to provide any additional consents that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable 
 (ii) You Are Subject to the Firm s Policies, Rules and Procedures . You are subject to the Firm s policies in effect from time to time concerning trading in shares of Common Stock and hedging or pledging shares of Common Stock and equity-based compensation or other awards (including, without limitation, the Firmwide Policy with Respect to Personal Transactions Involving GS Securities and GS Equity Awards or any successor policies), and confidential or proprietary information, and you will effect sales of shares of Common Stock in accordance with such rules and procedures as may be adopted from time to time (which may include, without limitation, restrictions relating to the timing of sale requests, the manner in which sales are executed, pricing method, consolidation or aggregation of orders and volume limits determined by the Firm) 
 (iii) You Are Responsible for Costs Associated with Your Award . You will be responsible for all brokerage costs and other fees or expenses associated with your Fixed Allowance Restricted Shares, including those related to the sale of shares of Common Stock 
 (iv) You Will Be Deemed to Represent Your Compliance with All the Terms of Your Award if You Sell Shares . You will be deemed to have represented and certified that you have complied with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement when you request the sale of shares of Common Stock following the release of Transfer Restrictions 
 (v) Firm May Deliver Your Award into an Escrow Account . The Firm may establish and maintain an escrow account on such terms (which may include your executing any documents related to, and your paying for any costs associated with, such account) as it may deem necessary or appropriate, and the delivery of shares of Common Stock (including Restricted Shares) or the payment of cash (including dividends) or other property may initially be made into and held in that escrow account until such time as the 
 - 3 - 

Committee has received such documentation as it may have requested or until the Committee has determined that any other conditions or restrictions on delivery of shares of Common Stock, cash or other property required by this Award Agreement have been satisfied 
 (vi) You Must Comply with Applicable Deadlines and Procedures to Appeal Determinations Made by the Committee, the SIP Committee or SIP Administrators. If you disagree with a determination made by the Committee, the SIP Committee, the SIP Administrators, or any of their delegates or designees and you wish to appeal such determination, you must submit a written request to the SIP Committee for review within 180 days after the determination at issue. You must exhaust your internal administrative remedies i.e. , submit your appeal and wait for resolution of that appeal) before seeking to resolve a dispute through arbitration pursuant to Paragraph 12 and Section 3.17 of the Plan and 
 (vii) You Agree that Covered Persons Will Not Have Liability . In addition to and without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 1.3.5 of the Plan, neither the Firm nor any Covered Person will have any liability to you or any other person for any action taken or omitted in respect of this or any other Award. 
 10. Non-transferability . Except as otherwise may be provided in this Paragraph 10 or as otherwise may be provided by the Committee, the limitations on transferability set forth in Section 3.5 of the Plan will apply to this Award. Any purported transfer or assignment in violation of the provisions of this Paragraph 10 or Section 3.5 of the Plan will be void. The Committee may adopt procedures pursuant to which some or all recipients of Fixed Allowance Restricted Shares may transfer some or all of their Fixed Allowance Restricted Shares (which will continue to be subject to Transfer Restrictions until the Transferability Date) through a gift for no consideration to any immediate family member, a trust or other estate planning vehicle approved by the Committee or SIP Committee in which the recipient and or the recipient s immediate family members in the aggregate have 100 of the beneficial interest. 
 11. Right of Offset . The obligation to pay dividends or to remove the Transfer Restrictions under this Award Agreement is subject to Section 3.4 of the Plan, which provides for the Firm s right to offset against such obligation any outstanding amounts you owe to the Firm and any amounts the Committee deems appropriate pursuant to any tax equalization policy or agreement. 
 Arbitration, Choice of Forum and Governing Law 
 12. Arbitration Choice of Forum . 
 (a) By accepting this award, you are indicating that you understand and agree that the arbitration and choice of forum provisions set forth in Section 3.17 of the plan will apply to this award to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. These provisions, which are expressly incorporated herein by reference, provide among other things that any dispute, controversy or claim between the Firm and you arising out of or relating to or concerning the Plan or this award agreement will be finally settled by arbitration, pursuant to the terms more fully set forth in Section 3.17 of the plan provided that nothing herein shall preclude you from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any governmental authority, including but not limited to the sec, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and a state or local human rights agency, as well as law enforcement. 
 (b) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitrator will have the authority to consider class, collective or representative claims, to order consolidation or to join different claimants or grant relief other than on an individual basis to the individual claimant involved. 
 - 4 - 

(c) Notwithstanding any applicable forum rules to the contrary, to the extent there is a question of enforceability of this Award Agreement arising from a challenge to the arbitrator s jurisdiction or to the arbitrability of a claim, it will be decided by a court and not an arbitrator. 
 (d) The Federal Arbitration Act governs interpretation and enforcement of all arbitration provisions under the Plan and this Award Agreement, and all arbitration proceedings thereunder. 
 (e) Nothing in this Award Agreement creates a substantive right to bring a claim under U.S. Federal, state, or local employment laws. 
 (f) By accepting your Award, you irrevocably appoint each General Counsel of GS Inc., or any person whom the General Counsel of GS Inc. designates, as your agent for service of process in connection with any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to or concerning the Plan or any Award which is not arbitrated pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.17.1 of the Plan, who shall promptly advise you of any such service of process. 
 (g) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitrator will have the authority to consider any claim as to which you have not first exhausted your internal administrative remedies in accordance with Paragraph 9(f)(vi). 
 13. Governing Law . THIS AWARD WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS. 
 Amendment, Construction and Regulatory Reporting 
 14. Amendment . The Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms of this Award Agreement, and the Board may amend the Plan in any respect provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing and Sections 1.3.2(f), 1.3.2(h) and 3.1 of the Plan, no such amendment will materially adversely affect your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement without your consent and provided further that the Committee expressly reserves its rights to amend the Award Agreement and the Plan as described in Sections 1.3.2(h)(1), (2) and (4) of the Plan. A modification that impacts the tax consequences of this Award will not be an amendment that materially adversely affects your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement. Any amendment of this Award Agreement will be in writing. 
 15. Construction, Headings . Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) words describing the singular number include the plural and vice versa, (b) words denoting any gender include all genders and (c) the words include, includes and including will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The headings in this Award Agreement are for the purpose of convenience only and are not intended to define or limit the construction of the provisions hereof. References in this Award Agreement to any specific Plan provision will not be construed as limiting the applicability of any other Plan provision. 
 16. Providing Information to the Appropriate Authorities . In accordance with applicable law, nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan prevents you from providing information you reasonably believe to be true to the appropriate governmental authority, including a regulatory, judicial, administrative, or other governmental entity reporting possible violations of law or regulation making other disclosures that are protected under any applicable law or regulation or filing a charge or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by a governmental authority. For the avoidance of doubt, governmental authority includes federal, state and local government agencies such as the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and any state or local human rights agency e.g. , the New York State Division of Human Rights, the New York City Commission on Human Rights, the California Civil Rights Department), as well as law enforcement e . g ., the state Attorney General). Similarly, nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan prohibits you from speaking with your own attorney regarding your own legal rights or obligations. 
 - 5 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , GS Inc. has caused this Award Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the Date of Grant. 
 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. 

DEFINITIONS APPENDIX 
 The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the following meanings 
 (a) Conflicted Employment means your employment at any U.S. Federal, state or local government, any non-U.S. government, any supranational or international organization, any self-regulatory organization, or any agency or instrumentality of any such government or organization, or any other employer (other than an Accounting Firm within the meaning of SEC Rule 2-01(f)(2) of Regulation S-X or any successor thereto) determined by the Committee, if, as a result of such employment, your continued holding of any Outstanding Restricted Shares would result in an actual or perceived conflict of interest. 
 (b) Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control means that the Firm terminates your Employment other than for Cause or you terminate your Employment for Good Reason, in each case, within 18 months following a Change in Control. 
 (c) SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 - 7 - 

The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the meanings that are assigned to them in the Plan. 
 (a) Account means any brokerage account, custody account or similar account, as approved or required by GS Inc. from time to time, into which shares of Common Stock, cash or other property in respect of an Award are delivered. 
 (b) Award Agreement means the written document or documents by which each Award is evidenced, including any related Award Statement and signature card. 
 (c) Award Statement means a written statement that reflects certain Award terms. 
 (d) Board means the Board of Directors of GS Inc. 
 (e) Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or obligated by Federal law or executive order to be closed. 
 (f) Cause means (i) the Grantee s conviction, whether following trial or by plea of guilty or nolo contendere (or similar plea), in a criminal proceeding (A) on a misdemeanor charge involving fraud, false statements or misleading omissions, wrongful taking, embezzlement, bribery, forgery, counterfeiting or extortion, or (B) on a felony charge, or (C) on an equivalent charge to those in clauses (A) and (B) in jurisdictions which do not use those designations, (ii) the Grantee s engaging in any conduct which constitutes an employment disqualification under applicable law (including statutory disqualification as defined under the Exchange Act), (iii) the Grantee s willful failure to perform the Grantee s duties to the Firm, (iv) the Grantee s violation of any securities or commodities laws, any rules or regulations issued pursuant to such laws, or the rules and regulations of any securities or commodities exchange or association of which the Firm is a member, (v) the Grantee s violation of any Firm policy concerning hedging or pledging or confidential or proprietary information, or the Grantee s material violation of any other Firm policy as in effect from time to time, (vi) the Grantee s engaging in any act or making any statement which impairs, impugns, denigrates, disparages or negatively reflects upon the name, reputation or business interests of the Firm or (vii) the Grantee s engaging in any conduct detrimental to the Firm. The determination as to whether Cause has occurred shall be made by the Committee in its sole discretion and, in such case, the Committee also may, but shall not be required to, specify the date such Cause occurred (including by determining that a prior termination of Employment was for Cause). Any rights the Firm may have hereunder and in any Award Agreement in respect of the events giving rise to Cause shall be in addition to the rights the Firm may have under any other agreement with a Grantee or at law or in equity. 
 (g) Certificate means a stock certificate (or other appropriate document or evidence of ownership) representing shares of Common Stock. 
 Change in Control means the consummation of a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving GS Inc. (a Reorganization or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of GS Inc. s assets to an entity that is not an affiliate of GS Inc. (a Sale ), that in each case requires the approval of GS Inc. s shareholders under the law of GS Inc. s jurisdiction of organization, whether for such Reorganization or Sale (or the issuance of securities of GS Inc. in such Reorganization or Sale), unless immediately following such Reorganization or Sale, either (i) at least 50 of the total voting power (in respect of the election of directors, or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of (A) the entity resulting from such Reorganization, or the entity which has acquired all or substantially all of the assets of GS Inc. in a Sale (in either case, the Surviving Entity ), or (B) if applicable, the ultimate parent entity that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, as such Rule is in effect on the date of the adoption of the 1999 SIP) of 50 or more of the total voting power (in respect of the election of directors, or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of the Surviving Entity (the Parent Entity is represented by GS Inc. s securities (the GS Inc. Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to such Reorganization or Sale (or, if applicable, is represented by shares into which such GS Inc. Securities were converted pursuant to such Reorganization or Sale) or (ii) at least 50 of the 
 - 8 - 

members of the board of directors (or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of the Parent Entity (or, if there is no Parent Entity, the Surviving Entity) following the consummation of the Reorganization or Sale were, at the time of the Board s approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Reorganization or Sale, individuals (the Incumbent Directors who either (A) were members of the Board on the Effective Date or (B) became directors subsequent to the Effective Date and whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of GS Inc. s proxy statement in which such persons are named as nominees for director). 
 (h) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rulings and regulations thereunder. 
 (i) Committee means the committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan pursuant to Section 1.3, and, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for the compensation realized from Awards under the Plan to be considered performance based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is an outside director within the meaning of Code Section 162(m), and which, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for Awards under the Plan to qualify for the exemption available under Rule 16b-3(d)(1) or Rule 16b-3(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Committee shall be the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 (j) Common Stock means common stock of GS Inc., par value 0.01 per share. 
 (k) Covered Person means a member of the Board or the Committee or any employee of the Firm. 
 (l) Date of Grant means the date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as the date of grant of the Award. 
 (m) Effective Date means the date this Plan is approved by the shareholders of GS Inc. pursuant to Section 3.15 of the Plan. 
 Employment means the Grantee s performance of services for the Firm, as determined by the Committee. The terms employ and employed shall have their correlative meanings. The Committee in its sole discretion may determine (i) whether and when a Grantee s leave of absence results in a termination of Employment (for this purpose, unless the Committee determines otherwise, a Grantee shall be treated as terminating Employment with the Firm upon the occurrence of an Extended Absence), (ii) whether and when a change in a Grantee s association with the Firm results in a termination of Employment and (iii) the impact, if any, of any such leave of absence or change in association on Awards theretofore made. Unless expressly provided otherwise, any references in the Plan or any Award Agreement to a Grantee s Employment being terminated shall include both voluntary and involuntary terminations. 
 (n) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
 (o) Extended Absence means the Grantee s inability to perform for six (6) continuous months, due to illness, injury or pregnancy-related complications, substantially all the essential duties of the Grantee s occupation, as determined by the Committee. 
 (p) Firm means GS Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 (q) Good Reason means, in connection with a termination of employment by a Grantee following a Change in Control, (a) as determined by the Committee, a materially adverse alteration in the Grantee s position or in the nature or status of the Grantee s responsibilities from those in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control or (b) the Firm s requiring the Grantee s principal place of 
 - 9 - 

Employment to be located more than seventy-five (75) miles from the location where the Grantee is principally Employed at the time of the Change in Control (except for required travel on the Firm s business to an extent substantially consistent with the Grantee s customary business travel obligations in the ordinary course of business prior to the Change in Control). 
 (r) Grantee means a person who receives an Award. 
 (s) GS Inc. means The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 (t) 1999 SIP means The Goldman Sachs 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, as in effect prior to the effective date of the 2003 SIP. 
 (u) Outstanding means any Award to the extent it has not been forfeited, cancelled, terminated, exercised or with respect to which the shares of Common Stock underlying the Award have not been previously delivered or other payments made. 
 (v) Restricted Share means a share of Common Stock delivered under the Plan that is subject to Transfer Restrictions, forfeiture provisions and or other terms and conditions specified herein and in the Restricted Share Award Agreement or other applicable Award Agreement. All references to Restricted Shares include Shares at Risk. 
 (w) SIP Administrator means each person designated by the Committee as a SIP Administrator with the authority to perform day-to-day administrative functions for the Plan. 
 (x) SIP Committee means the persons who have been delegated certain authority under the Plan by the Committee. 
 (y) Transfer Restrictions means restrictions that prohibit the sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, fractionalization, hedge or other disposal (including through the use of any cash-settled instrument), whether voluntarily or involuntarily by the Grantee, of an Award or any shares of Common Stock, cash or other property delivered in respect of an Award. 
 (z) Transferability Date means the date Transfer Restrictions on a Restricted Share will be released. Within 30 Business Days after the applicable Transferability Date, GS Inc. shall take, or shall cause to be taken, such steps as may be necessary to remove Transfer Restrictions. 
 (aa) Vested means, with respect to an Award, the portion of the Award that is not subject to a condition that the Grantee remain actively employed by the Firm in order for the Award to remain Outstanding. The fact that an Award becomes Vested shall not mean or otherwise indicate that the Grantee has an unconditional or nonforfeitable right to such Award, and such Award shall remain subject to such terms, conditions and forfeiture provisions as may be provided for in the Plan or in the Award Agreement. 
 (ab) Window Period means a period designated by the Firm during which all employees of the Firm are permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock (provided that, if the Grantee is a member of a designated group of employees who are subject to different restrictions, the Window Period may be a period designated by the Firm during which an employee of the Firm in such designated group is permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock). 
 
 - 10 - 

</EX-10.42>

<EX-10.44>
 12
 a1044_formxofxperformance-.htm
 EX-10.44

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.44 

 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. ______Year-End Performance-Based RSU Award 
 This Award Agreement, together with The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (2021) (the Plan ), governs your award of performance-based RSUs (your Award or PSUs ). You should read carefully this entire Award Agreement, which includes the Award Statement, any attached Appendix and the signature card. 
 Acceptance 
 1. You Must Decide Whether to Accept this Award Agreement . To be eligible to receive your Award, you must by the date specified (a) open and activate an Account and (b) agree to all the terms of your Award by executing the related signature card in accordance with its instructions. By executing the signature card, you confirm your agreement to all of the terms of this Award Agreement, including the arbitration and choice of forum provisions in Paragraph 16. 
 Documents that Govern Your Award Definitions 
 2. The Plan . Your Award is granted under the Plan, and the Plan s terms apply to, and are a part of, this Award Agreement. 
 3. Your Award Statement . The Award Statement delivered to you contains some of your Award s specific terms. For example, it contains the number of PSUs subject to this Award, the Performance Period and the Performance Goal applicable to your Award. It also contains the Determination Date and the any applicable Settlement Date s for your Award and the any applicable Transferability Date s for any Shares at Risk that may be delivered to you in respect of any Settlement Amount that you may earn. The number of PSUs on your Award Statement is not necessarily the number of PSUs in respect of which the Settlement Amount will be earned, but is merely the basis for determining the amount (if any) that will be delivered to you. 
 4. Definitions . Unless otherwise defined herein, including in the Definitions Appendix or any other Appendix, capitalized terms have the meanings provided in the Plan. 
 Vesting of Your PSUs 
 5. Vesting . Your PSUs are Vested. When a PSU is Vested, it means only that your continued active Employment is not required to earn delivery in respect of that PSU. Vesting does not mean you have a non-forfeitable right to the Vested portion of your Award. The terms of this Award Agreement (including conditions to delivery, satisfaction of the Performance Goal and any applicable Transfer Restrictions) continue to apply to your Award, and failure to meet such terms may result in the termination of this Award (as a result of which no delivery in respect of such Vested PSUs would be made) and you can still forfeit Vested PSUs and Shares at Risk. 
 Performance Goal 
 6. Performance . The Settlement Amount is dependent, and may vary based, on achievement of the Performance Goal over the Performance Period. On the Determination Date, the Firm will determine whether or not, and to what extent, the Performance Goal for that Performance Period has been satisfied. All your rights with respect to the Settlement Amount (and any Dividend Equivalent Payments) are dependent on the extent to which the Performance Goal is achieved, and any rights to delivery in respect of your Outstanding PSUs immediately will terminate and no Settlement Amount will be delivered in respect of such PSUs upon the Committee s determination, in its sole discretion, that the Performance Goal has not been satisfied to the extent necessary to result in delivery in respect of the PSUs. 
 Settlement Amount 

7. Settlement . 
 (a) In General . Subject to satisfaction of the terms of this Award, including satisfaction of the Performance Goal, on the Settlement Date, you will receive delivery (less applicable withholding as described in Paragraph 13(a)) of the Settlement Amount and payment of any Dividend Equivalent Payments as further described in this Award Agreement and in your Award Statement. Until such delivery and payment , you have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor and you do not have any rights as a shareholder of GS Inc. with respect to either the PSUs or the Settlement Amount. Without limiting the Committee s authority under Section 1.3.2(h) of the Plan, the Firm may accelerate any Settlement Date by up to 30 days. 
 (b) Form of Delivery . The Settlement Amount will be delivered on the Settlement Date as follows 
 (i) ___ in the form of cash . 
 (ii) ___ in the form of Shares at Risk (by book entry credit to your Account) . 
 (c) Shares at Risk . ___ percent of the Shares delivered to you in respect of the Settlement Amount will be Shares at Risk subject to Transfer Restrictions until the applicable Transferability Date listed on your Award Statement . Any purported sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, fractionalization, hedge or other disposition in violation of the Transfer Restrictions on Shares at Risk will be void. Within 30 Business Days after the Transferability Date listed on your Award Statement (or any other date on which the Transfer Restrictions are to be removed), GS Inc. will remove the Transfer Restrictions. The Committee or the SIP Committee may select multiple dates within such 30-Business-Day period on which to remove Transfer Restrictions for all or a portion of the Shares at Risk with the same Transferability Date and all such dates will be treated as a single Transferability Date for purposes of this Award. 
 Dividend Equivalent Rights Dividends 
 8. Dividend Equivalent Rights . Dividends . To the extent described in your Award Statement, each PSU will include a Dividend Equivalent Right, which will be subject to the provisions of Section 2.8 of the Plan. Accordingly, for each of your Outstanding PSUs with respect to which delivery is made under the Settlement Amount, you will be entitled to payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights equal to any regular cash dividend paid by GS Inc. in respect of a Share the record date for which occurs on or after the Date of Grant. The payment to you of amounts under Dividend Equivalent Rights (less applicable withholding as described in Paragraph 13(a)) is conditioned upon the delivery under the Settlement Amount in respect of the PSUs to which such Dividend Equivalent Rights relate, and you will have no right to receive any Dividend Equivalent Payments relating to PSUs for which you do not receive delivery under the Settlement Amount (including, without limitation, due to a failure to satisfy the Performance Goal). Dividend Equivalent Payments will be paid on the Settlement Date. You will be entitled to receive on a current basis any regular cash dividend paid in respect of your Shares at Risk. The PSUs do not include Dividend Equivalent Rights. 
 Forfeiture of Your Award 
 9. How You May Forfeit Your Award . This Paragraph 9 sets forth the events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your PSUs and Shares at Risk and may require repayment to the Firm of up to all amounts previously paid or delivered to you under your PSUs in accordance with Paragraph 10. More than one event may apply, and in no case will the occurrence of one event limit the forfeiture and repayment obligations as a result of the occurrence of any other event. In addition, the Firm reserves the right to (a) suspend delivery of the Settlement Amount and payment of any Dividend Equivalent Payments or release of Transfer Restrictions on Shares at Risk or (b) pay cash deliver the Settlement Amount (including Dividend Equivalent Payments or dividends) or deliver Shares at Risk into an escrow account in accordance with Paragraph 13(f)(v) or (c) apply Transfer Restrictions to any Shares in connection with any investigation of whether any of the events that result in forfeiture under the Plan or this Paragraph 9 have occurred. Paragraph 12 (relating to certain circumstances under which release of 
 - 2 - 

Transfer Restrictions may be accelerated) provides for exceptions to one or more provisions of this Paragraph 9. The U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix supplements this Paragraph 9 and sets forth additional events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your PSUs and Shares at Risk and may require repayment to the Firm as described in Paragraph 10 and the U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix. 
 (a) PSUs Forfeited Upon Certain Events . If any of the following occurs, your rights to all of your Outstanding PSUs will terminate, and no Settlement Amount will be delivered in respect thereof, as may be further described below 
 (i) You Associate With a Covered Enterprise . Except as prohibited by applicable law, you Associate With a Covered Enterprise during the Performance Period. 
 (ii) You Solicit Clients or Employees, Interfere with Client or Employee Relationships or Participate in the Hiring of Employees . Before the applicable Settlement Date and except as prohibited by applicable law, either 
 (A) you, in any manner, directly or indirectly, (1) Solicit any Client to transact business with a Covered Enterprise or to reduce or refrain from doing any business with the Firm, (2) interfere with or damage (or attempt to interfere with or damage) any relationship between the Firm and any Client, (3) Solicit any person who is an employee of the Firm to resign from the Firm, (4) Solicit any Selected Firm Personnel to apply for or accept employment (or other association) with any person or entity other than the Firm or (5) participate in the hiring of any Selected Firm Personnel by any person or entity other than the Firm (including, without limitation, participating in the identification of individuals for potential hire, and participating in any hiring decision), whether as an employee or consultant or otherwise, or 
 (B) Selected Firm Personnel are Solicited, hired or accepted into partnership, membership or similar status by any entity where you have, or will have, direct or indirect managerial responsibility for such Selected Firm Personnel, unless the Committee determines that you were not involved in such Solicitation, hiring or acceptance. 
 (iii) You Failed to Consider Risk . You Failed to Consider Risk during _______. 
 (iv) Your Conduct Constitutes Cause . Any event that constitutes Cause (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Serious Misconduct as defined in the U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix) has occurred before the applicable Settlement Date. 
 (v) You Do Not Meet Your Obligations to the Firm . The Committee determines that, before the applicable Settlement Date, you failed to meet, in any respect, any obligation under any agreement with the Firm, or any agreement entered into in connection with your Employment or this Award, including the Firm s notice period requirement applicable to you, any offer letter, employment agreement or any shareholders agreement relating to the Firm. Your failure to pay or reimburse the Firm, on demand, for any amount you owe to the Firm will constitute (A) failure to meet an obligation you have under an agreement, regardless of whether such obligation arises under a written agreement, and or (B) a material violation of Firm policy constituting Cause. 
 (vi) You Do Not Provide Timely Certifications or Comply with Your Certifications . You fail to certify to GS Inc. that you have complied with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement, or the Committee determines that you have failed to comply with a term of the Plan or this Award Agreement to which you have certified compliance. 
 (vii) You Do Not Follow Dispute Resolution Arbitration Procedures . You attempt to have any dispute under the Plan or this Award Agreement resolved in any manner that is not provided for by Paragraph 16 or Section 3.17 of the Plan, or you attempt to arbitrate a dispute without first having exhausted your internal administrative remedies in accordance with Paragraph 13(f)(viii). 
 - 3 - 

(viii) You Bring an Action that Results in a Determination that Any Award Agreement Term Is Invalid . As a result of any action brought by you, it is determined that any term of this Award Agreement is invalid. 
 (ix) You Receive Compensation in Respect of Your Award from Another Employer . Your Employment terminates for any reason or you otherwise are no longer actively Employed with the Firm and another entity grants you cash, equity or other property (whether vested or unvested) to replace, substitute for or otherwise in respect of your Outstanding PSUs. 
 (x) GS Inc. Fails to Maintain the Minimum Tier 1 Capital Ratio . Before the applicable Settlement Date, GS Inc. fails to maintain the required Minimum Tier 1 Capital Ratio as defined under Federal Reserve Board Regulations applicable to GS Inc. for a period of 90 consecutive business days. 
 (xi) GS Inc. Is Determined to Be in Default . Before the applicable Settlement Date, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve or the FDIC makes a written recommendation under Title II (Orderly Liquidation Authority) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act for the appointment of the FDIC as a receiver of GS Inc. based on a determination that GS Inc. is in default or in danger of default. 
 (xii) Accounting Restatement Required Under Sarbanes-Oxley . GS Inc. is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to GS Inc. s material noncompliance, as a result of misconduct, with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws as described in Section 304(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley provided , however , that your rights with respect to the PSUs will only be terminated to the same extent that would be required under Section 304(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley had you been a chief executive officer or chief financial officer of GS Inc. (regardless of whether you actually hold such position at the relevant time). 
 (xiii) Accounting Restatement Required and Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy Applies . GS Inc. is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement as described in GS Inc. s Policy for Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation (the Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy in each case if, and to the same extent as, required under the Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy. For the avoidance of doubt, PSUs previously granted to you are also subject to forfeiture and clawback under this Paragraph 9(a) (xii) (xiii) . 
 (b) Shares at Risk Forfeited upon Certain Events . To the extent you receive delivery of Shares at Risk in connection with any Settlement Amount, if any of the following occurs your rights to all of your Shares at Risk will terminate and your Shares at Risk will be cancelled, in each case, as may be further described below 
 (i) You Failed to Consider Risk . You Failed to Consider Risk during ________. 
 (ii) Your Conduct Constitutes Cause . Any event that constitutes Cause (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Serious Misconduct as defined in the U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix) has occurred before the applicable Transferability Date. 
 (iii) You Do Not Meet Your Obligations to the Firm . The Committee determines that, before the applicable Transferability Date, you failed to meet, in any respect, any obligation under any agreement with the Firm, or any agreement entered into in connection with your Employment or this Award, including the Firm s notice period requirement applicable to you, any offer letter, employment agreement or any shareholders agreement relating to the Firm. Your failure to pay or reimburse the Firm, on demand, for any amount you owe to the Firm will constitute (A) failure to meet an obligation you have under an agreement, regardless of whether such obligation arises under a written agreement and or (B) a material violation of Firm policy constituting Cause. 
 (iv) You Do Not Provide Timely Certifications or Comply with Your Certifications . You fail to certify to GS Inc. that you have complied with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award 
 - 4 - 

Agreement, or the Committee determines that you have failed to comply with a term of the Plan or this Award Agreement to which you have certified compliance. 
 (v) You Do Not Follow Dispute Resolution Arbitration Procedures . You attempt to have any dispute under the Plan or this Award Agreement resolved in any manner that is not provided for by Paragraph 16 or Section 3.17 of the Plan, or you attempt to arbitrate a dispute without first having exhausted your internal administrative remedies in accordance with Paragraph 13(f)(viii). 
 (vi) You Bring an Action that Results in a Determination that Any Award Agreement Term Is Invalid . As a result of any action brought by you, it is determined that any term of this Award Agreement is invalid. 
 (vii) You Receive Compensation in Respect of Your Award from Another Employer . Your Employment terminates for any reason or you otherwise are no longer actively Employed with the Firm and another entity grants you cash, equity or other property (whether vested or unvested) to replace, substitute for or otherwise in respect of any Shares at Risk provided , however , that your rights will only be terminated in respect of the Shares at Risk that are replaced, substituted for or otherwise considered by such other entity in making its grant. 
 (viii) Accounting Restatement Required Under Sarbanes-Oxley . GS Inc. is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to GS Inc. s material noncompliance, as a result of misconduct, with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws as described in Section 304(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley provided , however , that your rights will only be terminated in respect of Shares at Risk to the same extent that would be required under Section 304(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley had you been a chief executive officer or chief financial officer of GS Inc. (regardless of whether you actually hold such position at the relevant time). 
 (ix) Accounting Restatement Required and Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy Applies . GS Inc. is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement as described in the Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy in each case if, and to the same extent as, required under the Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy. For the avoidance of doubt, Shares at Risk in respect of PSUs previously granted to you are also subject to forfeiture and clawback under this Paragraph 9(b) (viii) (ix) . 
 Repayment of Your Award 
 10. When You May Be Required to Repay Your Award . 
 (a) Repayment, Generally . If the Committee determines that any term of this Award was not satisfied, you will be required, immediately upon demand therefor, to repay to the Firm the following 
 (i) Any Settlement Amount (including any Shares at Risk) for which the terms (including the terms for delivery) of the related PSUs were not satisfied, in accordance with Section 2.6.3 of the Plan. 
 (ii) Any Shares at Risk for which the terms (including the terms for the release of Transfer Restrictions) were not satisfied, in accordance with Section 2.5.3 of the Plan. 
 (iii) Any Shares that were delivered (but not subject to Transfer Restrictions) at the same time any Shares at Risk that are cancelled or required to be repaid were delivered. 
 (iv) Any Dividend Equivalent Payments for which the terms were not satisfied (including any such payments made in respect of PSUs that are forfeited or any Settlement Amount that is required to be repaid), in accordance with Section 2.8.3 of the Plan. 
 (v) Any dividends paid in respect of any delivered Shares (including Shares at Risk that are cancelled or required to be repaid. 
 - 5 - 

(vi) Any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations with respect to any PSUs, Settlement Amount (including Shares at Risk), dividend payments and Dividend Equivalent Payments that are forfeited or required to be repaid. 
 (b) Repayment Upon Materially Inaccurate Financial Statements . If any delivery is made under this Award Agreement based on materially inaccurate financial statements (which includes, but is not limited to, statements of earnings, revenues or gains) or other materially inaccurate performance criteria, you will be obligated to repay to the Firm, immediately upon demand therefor, any excess amount delivered, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, this Paragraph 10(b) includes any repayment required following an Accounting Restatement under the Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy. 
 (c) Repayment Upon Accounting Restatement Required Under Sarbanes-Oxley . If an event described in Paragraphs 9(a)(xii) and 9(b)(viii) (relating to a requirement under Sarbanes-Oxley that GS Inc. prepare an accounting restatement) occurs, any Settlement Amount (including Shares at Risk) , dividend payments, Dividend Equivalent Payments, cash or other property delivered, paid or withheld in respect of this Award will be subject to repayment as described in Paragraph 10(a) to the same extent that would be required under Section 304(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley had you been a chief executive officer or chief financial officer of GS Inc. (regardless of whether you actually hold such position at the relevant time). 
 Terminations of Employment 
 11. PSUs and Termination of Employment or Death . 
 (a) Employment Termination Generally . Unless the Committee determines otherwise, if your Employment terminates for any reason or you are otherwise no longer actively Employed with the Firm (which includes off-premises notice periods, garden leaves, pay in lieu of notice or any other similar status), the Performance Goal applicable to your Outstanding PSUs will continue to apply and the determination of the Settlement Amount will continue to be subject to whether or not, and to what extent, the Performance Goal has been achieved, in each case, as provided in Paragraph 6. All other terms of this Award Agreement, including the forfeiture and repayment events in Paragraphs 9 and 10 and the U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix , continue to apply. 
 (b) Death . If you die before the Settlement Date, your Account will, on the Settlement Date, receive delivery of the Settlement Amount and payment of the Dividend Equivalent Payments that, in each case, would have otherwise been made pursuant to Paragraph 6 and any Transfer Restrictions on Shares at Risk will cease to apply in accordance with Paragraph 12(b), after such documentation as may be requested by the Committee is provided to the Committee. All other terms of this Award Agreement, including the forfeiture and repayment events in Paragraphs 9 and 10 and the U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix , continue to apply. 
 
 12. Accelerated Release of Transfer Restrictions on Shares at Risk in the Event of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control or Death . To the extent you receive delivery of Shares at Risk in connection with any Settlement Amount, I i n the event of your Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control or death, each as described below, your Shares at Risk (and delivery of your Settlement Amount in the case of death in certain circumstances) will be treated as described in this Paragraph 12, and, except as set forth in Paragraph 12(a), all other terms of this Award Agreement, including the other forfeiture and repayment events in Paragraphs 9 and 10 and the U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix , continue to apply. In each case, the Performance Goal applicable to your Outstanding PSUs will continue to apply and the determination of the Settlement Amount will continue to be subject to whether or not, and to what extent, the Performance Goal has been achieved, in each case, as provided in Paragraph 6. 
 (a) You Have a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control . If your Employment terminates when you meet the requirements of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, any 
 - 6 - 

Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply to your Shares at Risk. In addition, the forfeiture events in Paragraph 9 will not apply to your Shares at Risk. 
 (b) Death . If you die, any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply to your Shares at Risk as soon as practicable after the date of death and after such documentation as may be requested by the Committee is provided to the Committee . , unless prohibited by applicable law or regulation 
 (i) If you die prior to the Determination Date or an applicable Settlement Date, the representative of your estate will receive delivery of any undelivered portion of the Settlement Amount that would have otherwise been made pursuant to Paragraph 6 as soon as practicable after the later of the date of death and the Determination Date. 
 (ii) Any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply to your Shares at Risk. 
 Other Terms, Conditions and Agreements 
 13. Additional Terms, Conditions and Agreements . 
 (a) You Must Satisfy Applicable Tax Withholding Requirements . Delivery of the Settlement Amount is conditioned on your satisfaction of any applicable withholding taxes in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Plan, which includes the Firm deducting or withholding amounts from any payment or distribution to you. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Firm, in its sole discretion, may require you to provide amounts equal to all or a portion of any Federal, state, local, foreign or other tax obligations imposed on you or the Firm in connection with the grant or payment delivery of this Award by requiring you to choose between remitting the amount (i) in cash (or through payroll deduction or otherwise) or (ii) in the form of proceeds from the Firm s executing a sale of Shares delivered to you pursuant to this Award. In no event, however, does this Paragraph 13(a) give you any discretion to determine or affect the timing of delivery of the Settlement Amount or the timing of payment of tax obligations. 
 (b) Firm May Deliver Cash or Other Property in Respect of the Settlement Amount . In accordance with Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, in the sole discretion of the Committee, in lieu of all or any portion of the Settlement Amount, the Firm may deliver cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property, and all references in this Award Agreement to delivery of the Settlement Amount will include such deliveries of cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property. 
 (c) Amounts May Be Rounded to Avoid Fractional Shares . Any amounts delivered in respect of the Settlement Amount , including Shares at Risk, may be rounded to avoid fractional Shares. 
 (d) You May Be Required to Become a Party to the Shareholders Agreement . Your rights to your PSUs are conditioned on your becoming a party to any shareholders agreement to which other similarly situated employees e.g ., employees with a similar title or position) of the Firm are required to be a party. 
 (e) Firm May Affix Legends and Place Stop Orders on Shares . GS Inc. may affix to Certificates representing Shares any legend that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable (including to reflect any restrictions to which you may be subject under a separate agreement). GS Inc. may advise the transfer agent to place a stop order against any legended Shares. 
 (f) You Agree to Certain Consents, Terms and Conditions . By accepting this Award you understand and agree that 
 (i) You Agree to Certain Consents as a Condition to the Award . You have expressly consented to all of the items listed in Section 3.3.3(d) of the Plan, including the Firm s supplying to any third-party recordkeeper of the Plan or other person such personal information of yours as the Committee deems advisable to administer the Plan, and you agree to provide any additional consents that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable 
 - 7 - 

(ii) You Are Subject to the Firm s Policies, Rules and Procedures . You are subject to the Firm s policies in effect from time to time concerning trading in Shares and hedging or pledging Shares and equity-based compensation or other awards (including, without limitation, the Firmwide Policy with Respect to Personal Transactions Involving GS Securities and GS Equity Awards or any successor policies), and confidential or proprietary information, and you will effect sales of Shares in accordance with such rules and procedures as may be adopted from time to time (which may include, without limitation, restrictions relating to the timing of sale requests, the manner in which sales are executed, pricing method, consolidation or aggregation of orders and volume limits determined by the Firm) 
 (iii) You Are Responsible for Costs Associated with Your Award . You will be responsible for all brokerage costs and other fees or expenses associated with your Award, including those related to the sale of Shares 
 (iv) You Will Be Deemed to Represent Your Compliance with All the Terms of Your Award if You Accept Delivery . You will be deemed to have represented and certified that you have complied with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement when any Settlement Amount and Dividend Equivalent Payments is are delivered to you, and you request the sale of Shares following the release of Transfer Restrictions on Shares at Risk 
 (v) Firm May Deliver Your Award into an Escrow Account . The Firm may establish and maintain an escrow account on such terms (which may include your executing any documents related to, and your paying for any costs associated with, such account) as it may deem necessary or appropriate, and the Settlement Amount may initially be delivered and any Dividend Equivalent Payments and dividends may initially be paid delivered into and held in that escrow account until such time as the Committee has received such documentation as it may have requested or until the Committee has determined that any other conditions or restrictions on deliveries required by this Award Agreement have been satisfied 
 (vi) You May Be Required to Certify Compliance with Award Terms You Are Responsible for Providing the Firm with Updated Address and Contact Information After Your Departure from the Firm . If your Employment terminates while you continue to hold PSUs or Shares at Risk , from time to time, you may be required to provide certifications of your compliance with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement as described in Paragraphs 9(a)(vi) and 9(b)(iv). You understand and agree that (A) your address on file with the Firm at the time any certification is required will be deemed to be your current address, (B) it is your responsibility to inform the Firm of any changes to your address to ensure timely receipt of the certification materials, (C) you are responsible for contacting the Firm to obtain such certification materials if not received and (D) your failure to return properly completed certification materials by the specified deadline (which includes your failure to timely return the completed certification because you did not provide the Firm with updated contact information) will result in the forfeiture of all of your PSUs or Shares at Risk and subject previously delivered amounts to repayment under Paragraphs 9(a)(vi) and 9(b)(iv) 
 (vii) You Authorize the Firm to Register, in Its or Its Designee's Name, Any Shares at Risk and Sell, Assign or Transfer Any Forfeited Shares at Risk . You are granting to the Firm the full power and authority to register any Shares at Risk in its or its designee's name and authorizing the Firm or its designee to sell, assign or transfer any Shares at Risk if you forfeit your Shares at Risk 
 (viii) You Must Comply with Applicable Deadlines and Procedures to Appeal Determinations Made by the Committee . If you disagree with a determination made by the Committee, the SIP Committee, the SIP Administrators, or any of their delegates or designees and you wish to appeal such determination, you must submit a written request to the SIP Committee for review within 180 days after the determination at issue. You must exhaust your internal administrative remedies i.e. , submit your appeal and wait for resolution of that appeal) before seeking to resolve a dispute through arbitration pursuant to Paragraph 16 and Section 3.17 of the Plan and 
 (ix) You Agree that Covered Persons Will Not Have Liability . In addition to and without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 1.3.5 of the Plan, neither the Firm nor any 
 - 8 - 

Covered Person will have any liability to you or any other person for any action taken or omitted in respect of this or any other Award. 
 14. Non-transferability . Except as otherwise may be provided in this Paragraph 14 or as otherwise may be provided by the Committee, the limitations on transferability set forth in Section 3.5 of the Plan will apply to this Award. Any purported transfer or assignment in violation of the provisions of this Paragraph 14 or Section 3.5 of the Plan will be void. The Committee may adopt procedures pursuant to which some or all recipients of PSUs and Shares at Risk may transfer some or all of their PSUs or Shares at Risk (which will continue to be subject to Transfer Restrictions until the Transferability Date) through a gift for no consideration to any immediate family member, a trust or other estate planning vehicle approved by the Committee or SIP Committee in which the recipient and or the recipient s immediate family members in the aggregate have 100 of the beneficial interest. 
 15. Right of Offset . Except as provided in Paragraph 18(d), the obligation to deliver the Settlement Amount, pay dividends or Dividend Equivalent Payments or release Transfer Restrictions under this Award Agreement is subject to Section 3.4 of the Plan, which provides for the Firm s right to offset against such obligation any outstanding amounts you owe to the Firm and any amounts the Committee deems appropriate pursuant to any tax equalization policy or agreement. 
 Arbitration, Choice of Forum and Governing Law 
 16. Arbitration Choice of Forum . 
 (a) By accepting this award, you are indicating that you understand and agree that the arbitration and choice of forum provisions set forth in Section 3.17 of the Plan will apply to this Award to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. These provisions, which are expressly incorporated herein by reference, provide among other things that any dispute, controversy or claim between the Firm and you arising out of or relating to or concerning the Plan or this Award Agreement will be finally settled by arbitration, pursuant to the terms more fully set forth in Section 3.17 of the Plan provided that nothing herein shall preclude you from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any governmental authority, including but not limited to the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and a state or local human rights agency, as well as law enforcement. 
 (b) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitrator will have the authority to consider class, collective or representative claims, to order consolidation or to join different claimants or grant relief other than on an individual basis to the individual claimant involved. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any applicable forum rules to the contrary, to the extent there is a question of enforceability of this Award Agreement arising from a challenge to the arbitrator s jurisdiction or to the arbitrability of a claim, it will be decided by a court and not an arbitrator. 
 (d) The Federal Arbitration Act governs interpretation and enforcement of all arbitration provisions under the Plan and this Award Agreement, and all arbitration proceedings thereunder. 
 (e) Nothing in this Award Agreement creates a substantive right to bring a claim under U.S. Federal, state, or local employment laws. 
 (f) By accepting your Award, you irrevocably appoint each General Counsel of GS Inc., or any person whom the General Counsel of GS Inc. designates, as your agent for service of process in connection with any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to or concerning the Plan or any Award which is not arbitrated pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.17.1 of the Plan, who shall promptly advise you of any such service of process. 
 (g) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitrator will have the authority to consider any claim as to which you have not first exhausted your internal administrative remedies in accordance with Paragraph 13(f)(viii). 
 - 9 - 

17. Governing Law . This Award will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. 
 Certain Tax Provisions 
 18. Compliance of Award Agreement and Plan with Section 409A . The provisions of this Paragraph 18 apply to you only if you are a U.S. taxpayer. 
 (a) This Award Agreement and the Plan provisions that apply to this Award are intended and will be construed to comply with Section 409A (including the requirements applicable to, or the conditions for exemption from treatment as, 409A Deferred Compensation), whether by reason of short-term deferral treatment or other exceptions or provisions. The Committee will have full authority to give effect to this intent. To the extent necessary to give effect to this intent, in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between the provisions of the Plan (including Sections 1.3.2 and 2.1 thereof) and this Award Agreement, the provisions of this Award Agreement will govern, and in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between this Paragraph 18 and the other provisions of this Award Agreement, this Paragraph 18 will govern. 
 (b) Settlement will not be delayed beyond the date on which all applicable conditions or restrictions on settlement in respect of your PSUs required by this Award Agreement (including the consents and other items specified in Section 3.3 of the Plan) are satisfied. To the extent that any portion of this Award is intended to satisfy the requirements for short-term deferral treatment under Section 409A, settlement in respect of such portion will occur by the March 15 coinciding with the last day of the applicable short-term deferral period described in Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4) in order for settlement to be within the short-term deferral exception unless, in order to permit all applicable conditions or restrictions on settlement to be satisfied, the Committee elects, pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted in accordance with Section 409A, to delay settlement to a later date within the same calendar year or to such later date as may be permitted under Section 409A, including Reg. 1.409A-3(d). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Award includes a series of installment payments as described in Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii), your right to the series of installment payments will be treated as a right to a series of separate payments and not as a right to a single payment. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 13(b) and Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, any delivery or payment (including in the form of Shares at Risk or other property) that the Firm may make in respect of your PSUs will not have the effect of deferring payment, delivery, income inclusion, or a substantial risk of forfeiture, beyond the date on which such payment, delivery or inclusion would occur or such risk of forfeiture would lapse, with respect to the payment or delivery that would otherwise have been made (unless the Committee elects a later date for this purpose pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted under Section 409A, including and to the extent applicable, the subsequent election provisions of Section 409A(a)(4)(C) of the Code and Reg. 1.409A-2(b)). 
 (d) Paragraph 15 and Section 3.4 of the Plan will not apply to Awards that are 409A Deferred Compensation except to the extent permitted under Section 409A. 
 (e) Settlement in respect of any portion of the Award may be made, if and to the extent elected by the Committee, later than the relevant Settlement Date or other date or period specified hereinabove (but, in the case of any Award that constitutes 409A Deferred Compensation, only to the extent that the later payment or delivery, as applicable, is permitted under Section 409A). 
 (f) You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties due pursuant to Section 409A, but in no event will you be permitted to designate, directly or indirectly, the taxable year of the delivery. 
 Committee Authority, Amendment, Construction and Regulatory Reporting 
 19. Committee Authority . The Committee has the authority to determine, in its sole discretion, that any event triggering forfeiture or repayment of your Award will not apply, to limit the 
 - 10 - 

forfeitures and repayments that result under Paragraphs 9 and 10 and to remove Transfer Restrictions before the applicable Transferability Date. 
 20. Amendment . The Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms of this Award Agreement, and the Board may amend the Plan in any respect provided that , notwithstanding the foregoing and Sections 1.3.2(f), 1.3.2(h) and 3.1 of the Plan, no such amendment will materially adversely affect your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement without your consent and provided further that the Committee expressly reserves its rights to amend the Award Agreement and the Plan as described in Sections 1.3.2(h)(1), (2) and (4) of the Plan. A modification that impacts the tax consequences of this Award or the timing of delivery will not be an amendment that materially adversely affects your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement. Any amendment of this Award Agreement will be in writing. 
 21. Construction, Headings . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) words describing the singular number include the plural and vice versa, (ii) words denoting any gender include all genders and (iii) the words include, includes and including will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The headings in this Award Agreement are for the purpose of convenience only and are not intended to define or limit the construction of the provisions hereof. References in this Award Agreement to any specific Plan provision will not be construed as limiting the applicability of any other Plan provision. 
 22. Providing Information to the Appropriate Authorities . In accordance with applicable law, nothing in this Award Agreement (including the forfeiture and repayment provisions in Paragraphs 9 and 10) or the Plan prevents you from providing information you reasonably believe to be true to the appropriate governmental authority, including a regulatory, judicial, administrative, or other governmental entity reporting possible violations of law or regulation making other disclosures that are protected under any applicable law or regulation or filing a charge or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by a governmental authority. For the avoidance of doubt, governmental authority includes federal, state and local government agencies such as the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and any state or local human rights agency e.g. , the New York State Division of Human Rights, the New York City Commission on Human Rights, the California Civil Rights Department), as well as law enforcement e.g. , the state Attorney General). Similarly, nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan prohibits you from speaking with your own attorney regarding your own legal rights or obligations. 
 
 - 11 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , GS Inc. has caused this Award Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the Date of Grant. 
 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. 
 - 12 - 

U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix 
 
 Qualitative Overlay Reduction 
 In addition to and without limiting the Firm s rights under the forfeiture and repayment provisions set forth in Paragraphs 9 and 10 or in the Forfeiture and Repayment section below, the Committee may determine to reduce the Settlement Amount as described in the section entitled Qualitative Overlay Reduction in the Award Statement. 
 Forfeiture and Repayment 
 This section supplements Paragraph 9 and sets forth additional events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your PSUs and Shares at Risk and may require repayment to the Firm of up to all other amounts previously delivered or paid to you under your Award in accordance with Paragraph 10. As with the events described in Paragraph 9, more than one event may apply, in no case will the occurrence of one event limit the forfeiture and repayment obligations as a result of the occurrence of any other event and the Firm reserves the right to (a) suspend delivery of Shares or release of Transfer Restrictions, (b) deliver any Shares or dividends into an escrow account in accordance with Paragraph 13(f)(v) or (c) apply Transfer Restrictions to any Shares in connection with any investigation of whether any of the events that result in forfeiture under this Appendix have occurred. 
 
 With respect to the events described in this Appendix, the Committee will consider certain factors to determine whether and what portion of your Award will terminate, including the reason for the Loss Event (as defined below) or Risk Event (as defined below) and the extent to which (1) you participated in the Loss Event or Risk Event, (2) your compensation for __________ may or may not have been adjusted to take into account the risk associated with the Loss Event, Risk Event, your Serious Misconduct (as defined below) or the Serious Misconduct of a Supervised Employee (as defined below) and (3) your compensation may be adjusted for the year in which the Loss Event, Risk Event, your Serious Misconduct or a Supervised Employee s Serious Misconduct is discovered. 
 
 (a) A Loss Event Occurs Prior to Delivery . If a Loss Event occurs prior to the delivery of any portion of the Settlement Amount, your rights in respect of all or a portion of your PSUs which are scheduled to deliver on the next Settlement Date immediately following the date that the Loss Event is identified (or, if not practicable, then the next following Settlement Date) will terminate, and no Shares will be delivered in respect of such PSUs. 
 (i) Loss Event means (A) an annual pre-tax loss at GS Inc. or (B) annual negative revenues in one or more reporting segments as disclosed in the Firm s Form 10-K other than the Asset & Wealth Management segment (or any successor or equivalent segment or sub-segment as determined by the Firm), or annual negative revenues in the Asset & Wealth Management segment (or any successor or equivalent segment or sub-segment as determined by the Firm) of 5 billion or more, provided in either case that you are employed in a business within such reporting segment. 
 (b) A Risk Event Occurs On or Before the Applicable End Date . If a Risk Event occurs on or before the Applicable End Date, (i) your rights in respect of all or a portion of your PSUs will terminate and no Settlement Amount will be delivered in respect of such PSUs, (ii) your rights to all or a portion of any Shares at Risk will terminate and such Shares at Risk will be cancelled and (iii) you will be obligated immediately upon demand therefor to pay the Firm an amount not in excess of the greater of the Fair Market Value of the Shares (plus any dividend payments) delivered in respect of the Award (without reduction for any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations) determined as of (A) the date the Risk Event occurred and (B) the date that the repayment request is made. 
 (i) Risk Event means there occurs a loss of 5 or more of firmwide total capital from a reportable operational risk event determined in accordance with the firmwide Reporting and Operational Risk Events Policy (or any successor policy). 
 - 13 - 

(c) You Engage in Serious Misconduct On or Before the Applicable End Date . If you engage in Serious Misconduct during the period beginning on the applicable Transferability Date through the Applicable End Date, you will be obligated immediately upon demand therefor to pay the Firm an amount not in excess of the greater of the Fair Market Value of the Shares (plus any dividend payments) delivered in respect of the Award (without reduction for any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations) determined as of (i) the date the Serious Misconduct occurred and (ii) the date that the repayment request is made. 
 (i) Serious Misconduct means that you engage in conduct that the Firm reasonably considers, in its sole discretion, to be misconduct sufficient to justify summary termination of employment under English law. 
 (d) A Supervised Employee Engages in Serious Misconduct . If the Committee determines that it is appropriate to hold you accountable in whole or in part for Serious Misconduct related to compliance, control or risk that occurred during ________ by a Supervised Employee, your rights in respect of all or a portion of your PSUs will terminate and no Settlement Amount will be delivered in respect of such PSUs and your rights to all or a portion of any Shares at Risk will terminate and such Shares at Risk will be cancelled. 
 (i) Supervised Employee means an individual with respect to whom the Committee determines you had supervisory responsibility as a result of direct or indirect reporting lines or your management responsibility for an office, division or business. 
 (e) Certain Definitions . 
 (i) Applicable End Date means, with respect to each classification in the table below, the following 
 Classification Applicable End Date GSAMI MRT _______________ GSAMI Senior MRT _______________ UK MRT _______________ 
 
 (ii) GSAMI MRT means an individual other than a GSAMI Senior MRT or UK MRT who, at any point in _______, was classified by the Firm as a GSAMI Material Risk Taker in accordance with the remuneration code under the UK Investment Firms Prudential Regime IFPR ). 
 (iii) GSAMI Senior MRT means an individual other than a UK MRT who, at any point in _______, was classified by the Firm as a GSAMI Senior Material Risk Taker in accordance with the remuneration code under the IFPR. 
 (iv) UK MRT means an individual who, at any point in _______, was classified by the Firm as a Material Risk Taker in accordance with the remuneration codes applicable to dual-regulated UK firms. 
 (v) For purposes of these definitions, if during _______ you were classified by the Firm as any combination of GSAMI MRT or GSAMI Senior MRT and UK MRT then your classification in the table above is UK MRT or as a combination of GSAMI MRT and GSAMI Senior MRT then your classification in the table above is GSAMI Senior MRT. 
 Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan, this Award Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement you may have with the Firm, the parties agree that to the extent that there is any dispute arising out of or relating to the payment required by Paragraphs (b) and (c) of this Appendix (including your refusal to remit payment) the parties will submit to arbitration in accordance with Paragraph 16 of this Award 
 - 14 - 

Agreement and Section 3.17 of the Plan as the sole means of resolution of such dispute (including the recovery by the Firm of the payment amount). 
 
 - 15 - 

Definitions Appendix 
 
 The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the following meanings 
 (a) 409A Deferred Compensation means a deferral of compensation or deferred compensation as those terms are defined in the regulations under Section 409A. 
 (b) Associate With a Covered Enterprise means that you (i) form, or acquire a 5 or greater equity ownership, voting or profit participation interest in, any Covered Enterprise or (ii) associate in any capacity (including association as an officer, employee, partner, director, consultant, agent or advisor) with any Covered Enterprise. Associate With a Covered Enterprise may include, as determined in the discretion of the Committee, (i) becoming the subject of any publicly available announcement or report of a pending or future association with a Covered Enterprise and (ii) unpaid associations, including an association in contemplation of future employment. Association With a Covered Enterprise will have its correlative meaning. 
 (c) Covered Enterprise means a Competitive Enterprise and any other existing or planned business enterprise that (i) offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer products or services that are the same as or similar to those offered by the Firm or that the Firm reasonably expects to offer Firm Products or Services or (ii) engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in any other activity that is the same as or similar to any financial activity engaged in by the Firm or in which the Firm reasonably expects to engage Firm Activities ). For the avoidance of doubt, Firm Activities include any activity that requires the same or similar skills as any financial activity engaged in by the Firm or in which the Firm reasonably expects to engage, irrespective of whether any such financial activity is in furtherance of an advisory, agency, proprietary or fiduciary undertaking. 
 The enterprises covered by this definition include enterprises that offer, hold themselves out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer Firm Products or Services, or engage in, hold themselves out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in Firm Activities directly, as well as those that do so indirectly by ownership or control e.g. , by owning, being owned by or by being under common ownership with an enterprise that offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer Firm Products or Services or that engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in Firm Activities). The definition of Covered Enterprise includes, solely by way of example, any enterprise that offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer any product or service, or engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in any activity, in any case, associated with investment banking public or private finance lending financial advisory services private investing for anyone other than you or your family members (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any type of proprietary investing or trading) private wealth management private banking consumer or commercial cash management consumer, digital or commercial banking merchant banking asset, portfolio or hedge fund management insurance or reinsurance underwriting or brokerage property management or securities, futures, commodities, energy, derivatives, currency or digital asset brokerage, sales, lending, custody, clearance, settlement or trading. An enterprise that offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer Firm Products or Services, or engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in Firm Activities is a Covered Enterprise , irrespective of whether the enterprise is a customer, client or counterparty of the Firm or is otherwise associated with the Firm and, because the Firm is a global enterprise, irrespective of where the Covered Enterprise is physically located. 
 (d) Determination Date means the date specified on your Award Statement as the date on which the Committee will determine whether or not, and to what extent, the Performance Goal was achieved for the Performance Period. 
 (e) Dividend Equivalent Payments means any payments made in respect of Dividend Equivalent Rights. 
 (f) FDIC means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any successor thereto. 
 - 16 - 

(g) Failed to Consider Risk means that you participated (or otherwise oversaw or were responsible for, depending on the circumstances, another individual s participation) in the structuring or marketing of any product or service, or participated on behalf of the Firm or any of its clients in the purchase or sale of any security or other property, in any case without appropriate consideration of the risk to the Firm or the broader financial system as a whole (for example, where you have improperly analyzed such risk or where you have failed sufficiently to raise concerns about such risk) and, as a result of such action or omission, the Committee determines there has been, or reasonably could be expected to be, a material adverse impact on the Firm, your business unit or the broader financial system. 
 (h) Performance Goal means the performance goal determined by the Committee that is specified on your Award Statement. 
 (i) Performance Period means the performance period determined by the Committee that is specified on your Award Statement. 
 (j) Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control means that the Firm terminates your Employment other than for Cause or you terminate your Employment for Good Reason, in each case, within 18 months following a Change in Control. 
 (k) Sarbanes-Oxley means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended. 
 (l) SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 (m) Selected Firm Personnel means any individual who is or in the three months preceding the conduct prohibited by Paragraph 9(a)(ii) was (i) a Firm employee or consultant with whom you personally worked while employed by the Firm, (ii) a Firm employee or consultant who, at any time during the year preceding the date of the termination of your Employment, worked in the same division in which you worked or (iii) an Advisory Director, a Managing Director or a Senior Advisor of the Firm. 
 (n) Settlement Amount means an amount deliverable to you in respect of your PSUs (determined as described in the Award Statement). 
 (o) Settlement Date means each date specified on your Award Statement as the date on which the Settlement Amount will be delivered, provided , unless the Committee determines otherwise, such date is during a Window Period or, if such date is not during a Window Period, the first trading day of the first Window Period beginning after such date. 
 (p) Share means a share of Common Stock. 
 (q) Shares at Risk means Shares that are subject to Transfer Restrictions. 
 
 - 17 - 

The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the meanings that are assigned to them in the Plan 
 (a) Account means any brokerage account, custody account or similar account, as approved or required by GS Inc. from time to time, into which shares of Common Stock, cash or other property in respect of an Award are delivered. 
 (b) Award Agreement means the written document or documents by which each Award is evidenced, including any related Award Statement and signature card. 
 (c) Award Statement means a written statement that reflects certain Award terms. 
 (d) Board means the Board of Directors of GS Inc. 
 (e) Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or obligated by Federal law or executive order to be closed. 
 (f) Cause means (i) the Grantee s conviction, whether following trial or by plea of guilty or nolo contendere (or similar plea), in a criminal proceeding (A) on a misdemeanor charge involving fraud, false statements or misleading omissions, wrongful taking, embezzlement, bribery, forgery, counterfeiting or extortion, or (B) on a felony charge, or (C) on an equivalent charge to those in clauses (A) and (B) in jurisdictions which do not use those designations, (ii) the Grantee s engaging in any conduct which constitutes an employment disqualification under applicable law (including statutory disqualification as defined under the Exchange Act), (iii) the Grantee s willful failure to perform the Grantee s duties to the Firm, (iv) the Grantee s violation of any securities or commodities laws, any rules or regulations issued pursuant to such laws, or the rules and regulations of any securities or commodities exchange or association of which the Firm is a member, (v) the Grantee s violation of any Firm policy concerning hedging or pledging or confidential or proprietary information, or the Grantee s material violation of any other Firm policy as in effect from time to time, (vi) the Grantee s engaging in any act or making any statement which impairs, impugns, denigrates, disparages or negatively reflects upon the name, reputation or business interests of the Firm or (vii) the Grantee s engaging in any conduct detrimental to the Firm. The determination as to whether Cause has occurred shall be made by the Committee in its sole discretion and, in such case, the Committee also may, but shall not be required to, specify the date such Cause occurred (including by determining that a prior termination of Employment was for Cause). Any rights the Firm may have hereunder and in any Award Agreement in respect of the events giving rise to Cause shall be in addition to the rights the Firm may have under any other agreement with a Grantee or at law or in equity. 
 (g) Certificate means a stock certificate (or other appropriate document or evidence of ownership) representing shares of Common Stock. 
 (h) Change in Control means the consummation of a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving GS Inc. (a Reorganization or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of GS Inc. s assets to an entity that is not an affiliate of GS Inc. (a Sale ), that in each case requires the approval of GS Inc. s shareholders under the law of GS Inc. s jurisdiction of organization, whether for such Reorganization or Sale (or the issuance of securities of GS Inc. in such Reorganization or Sale), unless immediately following such Reorganization or Sale, either (i) at least 50 of the total voting power (in respect of the election of directors, or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of (A) the entity resulting from such Reorganization, or the entity which has acquired all or substantially all of the assets of GS Inc. in a Sale (in either case, the Surviving Entity ), or (B) if applicable, the ultimate parent entity that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, as such Rule is in effect on the date of the adoption of the 1999 SIP) of 50 or more of the total voting power (in respect of the election of directors, or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of the Surviving Entity (the Parent Entity is represented by GS Inc. s securities (the GS Inc. Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to such Reorganization or Sale (or, if applicable, is represented by shares into which such GS Inc. Securities were converted pursuant to such Reorganization or Sale) or (ii) at least 
 - 18 - 

50 of the members of the board of directors (or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of the Parent Entity (or, if there is no Parent Entity, the Surviving Entity) following the consummation of the Reorganization or Sale were, at the time of the Board s approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Reorganization or Sale, individuals (the Incumbent Directors who either (A) were members of the Board on the Effective Date or (B) became directors subsequent to the Effective Date and whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of GS Inc. s proxy statement in which such persons are named as nominees for director). 
 (i) Client means any client or prospective client of the Firm to whom the Grantee provided services, or for whom the Grantee transacted business, or whose identity became known to the Grantee in connection with the Grantee s relationship with or employment by the Firm. 
 (j) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rulings and regulations thereunder. 
 (k) Committee means the committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan pursuant to Section 1.3, and, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for the compensation realized from Awards under the Plan to be considered performance based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is an outside director within the meaning of Code Section 162(m), and which, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for Awards under the Plan to qualify for the exemption available under Rule 16b-3(d)(1) or Rule 16b-3(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Committee shall be the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 (l) Common Stock means common stock of GS Inc., par value 0.01 per share. 
 (m) Competitive Enterprise means an existing or planned business enterprise that (i) engages, or may reasonably be expected to engage, in any activity (ii) owns or controls, or may reasonably be expected to own or control, a significant interest in any entity that engages in any activity or (iii) is, or may reasonably be expected to be, owned by, or a significant interest in which is, or may reasonably be expected to be, owned or controlled by, any entity that engages in any activity that, in any case, competes or will compete anywhere with any activity in which the Firm is engaged. The activities covered by this definition include, without limitation financial services such as investment banking public or private finance lending financial advisory services private investing for anyone other than the Grantee and members of the Grantee s family (including for the avoidance of doubt, any type of proprietary investing or trading) private wealth management private banking consumer or commercial cash management consumer, digital or commercial banking merchant banking asset, portfolio or hedge fund management insurance or reinsurance underwriting or brokerage property management or securities, futures, commodities, energy, derivatives, currency or digital asset brokerage, sales, lending, custody, clearance, settlement or trading. 
 (n) Covered Person means a member of the Board or the Committee or any employee of the Firm. 
 (o) Date of Grant means the date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as the date of grant of the Award. 
 (p) Dividend Equivalent Right means a dividend equivalent right granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay to the Grantee amounts equal to all or any portion of the regular cash dividends that would be paid on shares of Common Stock covered by an Award if such shares had been delivered pursuant to an Award. 
 (q) Effective Date means the date this Plan is approved by the shareholders of GS Inc. pursuant to Section 3.15 of the Plan. 
 - 19 - 

(r) Employment means the Grantee s performance of services for the Firm, as determined by the Committee. The terms employ and employed shall have their correlative meanings. The Committee in its sole discretion may determine (i) whether and when a Grantee s leave of absence results in a termination of Employment (for this purpose, unless the Committee determines otherwise, a Grantee shall be treated as terminating Employment with the Firm upon the occurrence of an Extended Absence), (ii) whether and when a change in a Grantee s association with the Firm results in a termination of Employment and (iii) the impact, if any, of any such leave of absence or change in association on Awards theretofore made. Unless expressly provided otherwise, any references in the Plan or any Award Agreement to a Grantee s Employment being terminated shall include both voluntary and involuntary terminations. 
 (s) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
 (t) Extended Absence means the Grantee s inability to perform for six (6) continuous months, due to illness, injury or pregnancy-related complications, substantially all the essential duties of the Grantee s occupation, as determined by the Committee. 
 (u) Firm means GS Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 (v) Good Reason means, in connection with a termination of employment by a Grantee following a Change in Control, (a) as determined by the Committee, a materially adverse alteration in the Grantee s position or in the nature or status of the Grantee s responsibilities from those in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control or (b) the Firm s requiring the Grantee s principal place of Employment to be located more than seventy-five (75) miles from the location where the Grantee is principally Employed at the time of the Change in Control (except for required travel on the Firm s business to an extent substantially consistent with the Grantee s customary business travel obligations in the ordinary course of business prior to the Change in Control). 
 (w) Grantee means a person who receives an Award. 
 (x) GS Inc. means The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 (y) 1999 SIP means The Goldman Sachs 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, as in effect prior to the effective date of the 2003 SIP. 
 (z) Outstanding means any Award to the extent it has not been forfeited, cancelled, terminated, exercised or with respect to which the shares of Common Stock underlying the Award have not been previously delivered or other payments made. 
 (aa) Restricted Share means a share of Common Stock delivered under the Plan that is subject to Transfer Restrictions, forfeiture provisions and or other terms and conditions specified herein and in the Restricted Share Award Agreement or other applicable Award Agreement. All references to Restricted Shares include Shares at Risk. 
 (ab) RSU means a restricted stock unit granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the RSU Award Agreement. 
 (ac) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, including any amendments or successor provisions to that Section and any regulations and other administrative guidance thereunder, in each case as they, from time to time, may be amended or interpreted through further administrative guidance. 
 (ad) SIP Administrator means each person designated by the Committee as a SIP Administrator with the authority to perform day-to-day administrative functions for the Plan. 
 - 20 - 

(ae) SIP Committee means the persons who have been delegated certain authority under the Plan by the Committee. 
 (af) Solicit means any direct or indirect communication of any kind whatsoever, regardless of by whom initiated, inviting, advising, suggesting, encouraging or requesting any person or entity, in any manner, to take or refrain from taking any action. The terms Solicited, Soliciting and Solicitation will have their correlative meanings. 
 (ag) Transfer Restrictions means restrictions that prohibit the sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, fractionalization, hedge or other disposal (including through the use of any cash-settled instrument), whether voluntarily or involuntarily by the Grantee, of an Award or any shares of Common Stock, cash or other property delivered in respect of an Award. 
 (ah) Transferability Date means the date Transfer Restrictions on a Restricted Share will be released. Within 30 Business Days after the applicable Transferability Date, GS Inc. shall take, or shall cause to be taken, such steps as may be necessary to remove Transfer Restrictions. 
 (ai) Vested means, with respect to an Award, the portion of the Award that is not subject to a condition that the Grantee remain actively employed by the Firm in order for the Award to remain Outstanding. The fact that an Award becomes Vested shall not mean or otherwise indicate that the Grantee has an unconditional or nonforfeitable right to such Award, and such Award shall remain subject to such terms, conditions and forfeiture provisions as may be provided for in the Plan or in the Award Agreement. 
 (aj) Window Period means a period designated by the Firm during which all employees of the Firm are permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock provided that, if the Grantee is a member of a designated group of employees who are subject to different restrictions, the Window Period may be a period designated by the Firm during which an employee of the Firm in such designated group is permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock). 
 
 - 21 - 

</EX-10.44>

<EX-10.45>
 13
 a1045_formxofxperformance-.htm
 EX-10.45

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.45 

 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. ____________________________ Award 
 This Award Agreement, together with The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (2021) (the Plan ), governs your ____________________ of performance-based RSUs (your Award or PSUs ). You should read carefully this entire Award Agreement, which includes the Award Statement, any attached Appendix and the signature card. 
 Acceptance 
 1. You Must Decide Whether to Accept this Award Agreement . To be eligible to receive your Award, you must by the date specified (a) open and activate an Account and (b) agree to all the terms of your Award by executing the related signature card in accordance with its instructions. By executing the signature card, you confirm your agreement to all of the terms of this Award Agreement, including the arbitration and choice of forum provisions in Paragraph 17. 
 Documents that Govern Your Award Definitions 
 2. The Plan . Your Award is granted under the Plan, and the Plan s terms apply to, and are a part of, this Award Agreement. 
 3. Your Award Statement . The Award Statement delivered to you contains some of your Award s specific terms. For example, it contains the number of PSUs subject to this Award, the Performance Period and the Performance Goal s applicable to your Award. It also contains the Vesting Date s , the Determination Date and the Settlement Date for your Award and the Transferability Date for any Shares at Risk that may be delivered to you in respect of any Settlement Amount that you may earn. The number of PSUs on your Award Statement is not necessarily the number of PSUs in respect of which the Settlement Amount will be earned, but is merely the basis for determining the amount (if any) that will be delivered to you. 
 4. Definitions . Unless otherwise defined herein, including in the Definitions Appendix or any other Appendix, capitalized terms have the meanings provided in the Plan. 
 Vesting of Your PSUs 
 5. Vesting . On each Vesting Date listed on your Award Statement, you will become Vested in the amount of Outstanding PSUs listed next to that date. When a PSU becomes Vested, it means only that your continued active Employment is not required to earn delivery in respect of that PSU. Vesting does not mean you have a non-forfeitable right to the Vested portion of your Award. The terms of this Award Agreement (including conditions to delivery, satisfaction of the Performance Goal s and any applicable Transfer Restrictions) continue to apply to your Award, and failure to meet such terms may result in the termination of this Award (as a result of which no delivery in respect of such Vested PSUs would be made) and you can still forfeit Vested PSUs and Shares at Risk. 
 Performance Goal s 
 6. Performance . The Settlement Amount is dependent, and may vary based, on achievement of the Performance Goal s over the Performance Period. On the Determination Date, the Firm will determine whether or not, and to what extent, the Performance Goal s for that Performance Period has have been satisfied. All your rights with respect to the Settlement Amount (and any Dividend Equivalent Payments) are dependent on the extent to which the Performance Goal s is are achieved, and any rights to delivery in respect of your Outstanding PSUs immediately will terminate and no Settlement Amount will be delivered in respect of such PSUs upon the Committee s determination, in its sole discretion, that the Performance Goal s has have not been satisfied to the extent necessary to result in delivery in respect of the PSUs. 
 Settlement Amount 

7. Settlement . 
 (a) In General . Subject to satisfaction of the terms of this Award, including satisfaction of the Performance Goal s , on the Settlement Date, you will receive delivery (less applicable withholding as described in Paragraph 14(a)) of the Settlement Amount and payment of any Dividend Equivalent Payments as further described in this Award Agreement and in your Award Statement. Until such delivery and payment, you have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor and you do not have any rights as a shareholder of GS Inc. with respect to either the PSUs or the Settlement Amount. Without limiting the Committee s authority under Section 1.3.2(h) of the Plan, the Firm may accelerate any Settlement Date by up to 30 days. 
 (b) Form of Delivery . The Settlement Amount will be delivered in the form of Shares (by book entry credit to your Account). 
 (c) Shares at Risk . ___ percent of the Shares delivered to you in respect of the Settlement Amount will be Shares at Risk subject to Transfer Restrictions until the applicable Transferability Date listed on your Award Statement . Any purported sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, fractionalization, hedge or other disposition in violation of the Transfer Restrictions on Shares at Risk will be void. Within 30 Business Days after the applicable Transferability Date listed on your Award Statement (or any other date on which the Transfer Restrictions are to be removed), GS Inc. will remove the Transfer Restrictions. The Committee or the SIP Committee may select multiple dates within such 30-Business-Day period on which to remove Transfer Restrictions for all or a portion of the Shares at Risk with the same Transferability Date listed on the Award Statement, and all such dates will be treated as a single Transferability Date for purposes of this Award. 
 (d) Voluntary Deferral of Settlement Date . Subject to any procedures and agreement terms adopted by the Committee to govern any such election, at least 12 months prior to the last day of the original Performance Period set forth on the Award Statement (or such other date as may be permitted under Section 409A), you may make an irrevocable election to defer the Settlement Date s (and the delivery of the Settlement Amount and payment of any Dividend Equivalent Payments, each determined as of the Determination Date) until the fifth anniversary of the originally scheduled Settlement Date s set forth on the Award Statement (or such other date as may be permitted by Section 409A). Any such election will be in accordance with the subsequent election provisions of Section 409A(a)(4)(C) of the Code and Reg. 1.409A-2(b) or otherwise as may be permitted under Section 409A. 
 
 Dividend Equivalent Rights Dividends 
 8. Dividend Equivalent Rights Dividends . To the extent described in your Award Statement, each PSU will include a Dividend Equivalent Right, which will be subject to the provisions of Section 2.8 of the Plan. Accordingly, for each of your Outstanding PSUs with respect to which delivery is made under the Settlement Amount, you will be entitled to payments under Dividend Equivalent Rights equal to any regular cash dividend paid by GS Inc. in respect of a Share the record date for which occurs on or after the Date of Grant. The payment to you of amounts under Dividend Equivalent Rights (less applicable withholding as described in Paragraph 14(a)) is conditioned upon the delivery under the Settlement Amount in respect of the PSUs to which such Dividend Equivalent Rights relate, and you will have no right to receive any Dividend Equivalent Payments relating to PSUs for which you do not receive delivery under the Settlement Amount (including, without limitation, due to a failure to satisfy the Performance Goal s ). Dividend Equivalent Payments will be paid on the Settlement Date. You will be entitled to receive on a current basis any regular cash dividend paid in respect of your Shares at Risk. The PSUs do not include Dividend Equivalent Rights. 
 Forfeiture of Your Award 
 9. How You May Forfeit Your Award . This Paragraph 9 sets forth the events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your PSUs and Shares at Risk and may require repayment to the Firm of up to all amounts previously paid or delivered to you under your PSUs in accordance with Paragraph 10. More than one event may apply, and in no case will the occurrence of one event limit the forfeiture and 
 - 2 - 

repayment obligations as a result of the occurrence of any other event. In addition, the Firm reserves the right to (a) suspend vesting of Outstanding PSUs, delivery of the Settlement Amount and payment of any Dividend Equivalent Payments or release of Transfer Restrictions on Shares at Risk, (b) deliver the Settlement Amount, any Dividend Equivalent Payments or dividends into an escrow account in accordance with Paragraph 14(f)(v) or (c) apply Transfer Restrictions to any Shares in connection with any investigation of whether any of the events that result in forfeiture under the Plan or this Paragraph 9 have occurred. Paragraph 12 (relating to certain circumstances under which you will not forfeit your unvested PSUs upon Employment termination Extended Absence and Qualified Termination and Paragraph 13 (relating to certain circumstances under which vesting and or release of Transfer Restrictions may be accelerated Change in Control and death provide for exceptions to one or more provisions of this Paragraph 9. The U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix supplements this Paragraph 9 and sets forth additional events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your PSUs and Shares at Risk and may require repayment to the Firm as described in Paragraph 10 and the U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix. 
 (a) Unvested PSUs Forfeited if Your Employment Terminates . If your Employment terminates for any reason or you are otherwise no longer actively Employed with the Firm (which includes off-premises notice periods, garden leaves, pay in lieu of notice or any other similar status), your rights to your Outstanding PSUs that are not Vested will terminate, and no Settlement Amount will be delivered in respect thereof. 
 (b) Vested and Unvested PSUs Forfeited Upon Certain Events . If any of the following occurs, your rights to all of your Outstanding PSUs (whether or not Vested) will terminate, and no Settlement Amount will be delivered in respect thereof, as may be further described below 
 (i) You Associate With a Covered Enterprise . Except as prohibited by applicable law, you Associate With a Covered Enterprise during the Performance Period. 
 (ii) You Solicit Clients or Employees, Interfere with Client or Employee Relationships or Participate in the Hiring of Employees . Before the First Settlement Date listed on your Award Statement and except as prohibited by applicable law, either 
 (A) you, in any manner, directly or indirectly, (1) Solicit any Client to transact business with a Covered Enterprise or to reduce or refrain from doing any business with the Firm, (2) interfere with or damage (or attempt to interfere with or damage) any relationship between the Firm and any Client, (3) Solicit any person who is an employee of the Firm to resign from the Firm, (4) Solicit any Selected Firm Personnel to apply for or accept employment (or other association) with any person or entity other than the Firm or (5) participate in the hiring of any Selected Firm Personnel by any person or entity other than the Firm (including, without limitation, participating in the identification of individuals for potential hire, and participating in any hiring decision), whether as an employee or consultant or otherwise, or 
 (B) Selected Firm Personnel are Solicited, hired or accepted into partnership, membership or similar status by any entity where you have, or will have, direct or indirect managerial responsibility for such Selected Firm Personnel, unless the Committee determines that you were not involved in such Solicitation, hiring or acceptance. 
 (iii) You Failed to Consider Risk . You Failed to Consider Risk during ________. 
 (iv) Your Conduct Constitutes Cause . Any event that constitutes Cause (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Serious Misconduct as defined in the U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix) has occurred before the applicable Settlement Date. 
 (v) You Do Not Meet Your Obligations to the Firm . The Committee determines that, before the applicable Settlement Date, you failed to meet, in any respect, any obligation under any agreement with the Firm, or any agreement entered into in connection with your Employment or this Award, including the Firm s notice period requirement applicable to you, any offer letter, employment agreement or any shareholders agreement relating to the Firm. Your failure to pay or reimburse the 
 - 3 - 

Firm, on demand, for any amount you owe to the Firm will constitute (A) failure to meet an obligation you have under an agreement, regardless of whether such obligation arises under a written agreement, and or (B) a material violation of Firm policy constituting Cause. 
 (vi) You Do Not Provide Timely Certifications or Comply with Your Certifications . You fail to certify to GS Inc. that you have complied with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement, or the Committee determines that you have failed to comply with a term of the Plan or this Award Agreement to which you have certified compliance. 
 (vii) You Do Not Follow Dispute Resolution Arbitration Procedures . You attempt to have any dispute under the Plan or this Award Agreement resolved in any manner that is not provided for by Paragraph 17 or Section 3.17 of the Plan, or you attempt to arbitrate a dispute without first having exhausted your internal administrative remedies in accordance with Paragraph 14(f)(viii). 
 (viii) You Bring an Action that Results in a Determination that Any Award Agreement Term Is Invalid . As a result of any action brought by you, it is determined that any term of this Award Agreement is invalid. 
 (ix) You Receive Compensation in Respect of Your Award from Another Employer . Your Employment terminates for any reason or you otherwise are no longer actively Employed with the Firm and another entity grants you cash, equity or other property (whether vested or unvested) to replace, substitute for or otherwise in respect of your Outstanding PSUs. 
 (x) GS Inc. Fails to Maintain the Minimum Tier 1 Capital Ratio . Before the applicable Settlement Date, GS Inc. fails to maintain the required Minimum Tier 1 Capital Ratio as defined under Federal Reserve Board Regulations applicable to GS Inc. for a period of 90 consecutive business days. 
 (xi) GS Inc. Is Determined to Be in Default . Before the applicable Settlement Date, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve or the FDIC makes a written recommendation under Title II (Orderly Liquidation Authority) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act for the appointment of the FDIC as a receiver of GS Inc. based on a determination that GS Inc. is in default or in danger of default. 
 (xii) Accounting Restatement Required Under Sarbanes-Oxley . GS Inc. is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to GS Inc. s material noncompliance, as a result of misconduct, with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws as described in Section 304(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley provided , however , that your rights with respect to the PSUs will only be terminated to the same extent that would be required under Section 304(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley had you been a chief executive officer or chief financial officer of GS Inc. (regardless of whether you actually hold such position at the relevant time). 
 (xiii) Accounting Restatement Required and Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy Applies . GS Inc. is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement as described in GS Inc. s Policy for Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation (the Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy in each case if, and to the same extent as, required under the Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy. For the avoidance of doubt, PSUs previously granted to you are also subject to forfeiture and clawback under this Paragraph 9(a) (xii) (xiii) . 
 (c) Shares at Risk Forfeited upon Certain Events . To the extent you receive delivery of Shares at Risk in connection with any Settlement Amount, if any of the following occurs your rights to all of your Shares at Risk will terminate and your Shares at Risk will be cancelled, in each case, as may be further described below 
 (i) You Failed to Consider Risk . You Failed to Consider Risk during ________. 
 (ii) Your Conduct Constitutes Cause . Any event that constitutes Cause has occurred before the applicable Transferability Date. 
 - 4 - 

(iii) You Do Not Meet Your Obligations to the Firm . The Committee determines that, before the applicable Transferability Date, you failed to meet, in any respect, any obligation under any agreement with the Firm, or any agreement entered into in connection with your Employment or this Award, including the Firm s notice period requirement applicable to you, any offer letter, employment agreement or any shareholders agreement relating to the Firm. Your failure to pay or reimburse the Firm, on demand, for any amount you owe to the Firm will constitute (A) failure to meet an obligation you have under an agreement, regardless of whether such obligation arises under a written agreement and or (B) a material violation of Firm policy constituting Cause. 
 (iv) You Do Not Provide Timely Certifications or Comply with Your Certifications . You fail to certify to GS Inc. that you have complied with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement, or the Committee determines that you have failed to comply with a term of the Plan or this Award Agreement to which you have certified compliance. 
 (v) You Do Not Follow Dispute Resolution Arbitration Procedures . You attempt to have any dispute under the Plan or this Award Agreement resolved in any manner that is not provided for by Paragraph 17 or Section 3.17 of the Plan, or you attempt to arbitrate a dispute without first having exhausted your internal administrative remedies in accordance with Paragraph 14(f)(viii). 
 (vi) You Bring an Action that Results in a Determination that Any Award Agreement Term Is Invalid . As a result of any action brought by you, it is determined that any term of this Award Agreement is invalid. 
 (vii) You Receive Compensation in Respect of Your Award from Another Employer . Your Employment terminates for any reason or you otherwise are no longer actively Employed with the Firm and another entity grants you cash, equity or other property (whether vested or unvested) to replace, substitute for or otherwise in respect of any Shares at Risk provided , however , that your rights will only be terminated in respect of the Shares at Risk that are replaced, substituted for or otherwise considered by such other entity in making its grant. 
 (viii) Accounting Restatement Required Under Sarbanes-Oxley . GS Inc. is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to GS Inc. s material noncompliance, as a result of misconduct, with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws as described in Section 304(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley provided , however , that your rights will only be terminated in respect of Shares at Risk to the same extent that would be required under Section 304(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley had you been a chief executive officer or chief financial officer of GS Inc. (regardless of whether you actually hold such position at the relevant time). 
 (ix) Accounting Restatement Required and Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy Applies . GS Inc. is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement as described in the Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy in each case if, and to the same extent as, required under the Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy. For the avoidance of doubt, Shares at Risk in respect of PSUs previously granted to you are also subject to forfeiture and clawback under this Paragraph 9(b) (viii) (ix) . 
 Repayment of Your Award 
 10. When You May Be Required to Repay Your Award . 
 (a) Repayment, Generally . If the Committee determines that any term of this Award was not satisfied, you will be required, immediately upon demand therefor, to repay to the Firm the following 
 (i) Any Settlement Amount (including any Shares at Risk) for which the terms (including the terms for delivery) of the related PSUs were not satisfied, in accordance with Section 2.6.3 of the Plan. 
 (ii) Any Shares at Risk for which the terms (including the terms for the release of Transfer Restrictions) were not satisfied, in accordance with Section 2.5.3 of the Plan. 
 - 5 - 

(iii) Any Shares that were delivered (but not subject to Transfer Restrictions) at the same time any Shares at Risk that are cancelled or required to be repaid were delivered. 
 (iv) Any Dividend Equivalent Payments for which the terms were not satisfied (including any such payments made in respect of PSUs that are forfeited or any Settlement Amount that is required to be repaid), in accordance with Section 2.8.3 of the Plan. 
 (v) Any dividends paid in respect of any delivered Shares (including Shares at Risk) that are cancelled or required to be repaid. 
 (vi) Any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations with respect to any PSUs, Settlement Amount (including Shares at Risk) , and dividend payments and Dividend Equivalent Payments that are forfeited or required to be repaid. 
 (b) Repayment Upon Materially Inaccurate Financial Statements . If any delivery is made under this Award Agreement based on materially inaccurate financial statements (which includes, but is not limited to, statements of earnings, revenues or gains) or other materially inaccurate performance criteria, you will be obligated to repay to the Firm, immediately upon demand therefor, any excess amount delivered, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, this Paragraph 10(b) includes any repayment required following an Accounting Restatement under the Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy. 
 (c) Repayment Upon Accounting Restatement Required Under Sarbanes-Oxley . If an event described in Paragraphs 9(b)(xii) and 9(c)(viii) (relating to a requirement under Sarbanes-Oxley that GS Inc. prepare an accounting restatement) occurs, any Settlement Amount (including Shares at Risk), dividend payments, Dividend Equivalent Payments, cash or other property delivered, paid or withheld in respect of this Award will be subject to repayment as described in Paragraph 10(a) to the same extent that would be required under Section 304(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley had you been a chief executive officer or chief financial officer of GS Inc. (regardless of whether you actually hold such position at the relevant time). 
 Terminations of Employment 
 11. Termination of Employment Generally . Unless the Committee determines otherwise, if your Employment terminates for any reason or you are otherwise no longer actively Employed with the Firm (which includes off-premises notice periods, garden leaves, pay in lieu of notice or any other similar status), the Performance Goal s applicable to your Outstanding PSUs will continue to apply with respect to your Vested PSUs e.g ., PSUs that become Vested in connection with Extended Absence, Qualified Termination, Change in Control or death as described in Paragraphs 12 and 13) and the determination of the Settlement Amount will continue to be subject to whether or not, and to what extent, the Performance Goal s has have been achieved with respect to your Vested PSUs, in each case, as provided in Paragraph 6. All other terms of this Award Agreement, including the forfeiture and repayment events in Paragraphs 9 and 10, continue to apply. 
 12. Circumstances Under Which You Will Not Forfeit Your Unvested PSUs on Employment Termination (but the Performance Goal, Original Settlement Date and Transferability Date Continue to Apply) . If your Employment terminates at a time when you meet the requirements for Extended Absence or Retirement, each as described below, then Paragraph 9(a) will not apply, and your Outstanding PSUs will be treated as described in this Paragraph 12. The Performance Goal applicable to your Outstanding PSUs will continue to apply and the determination of the Settlement Amount will continue to be subject to whether or not, and to what extent, the Performance Goal has been achieved, in each case, as provided in Paragraph 6. All other terms of this Award Agreement, including the other forfeiture and repayment events in Paragraphs 9 and 10, continue to apply. 
 (a) Extended Absence or Retirement . If your Employment terminates by Extended Absence or Retirement, your Outstanding PSUs that are not Vested will become Vested. For the avoidance of doubt, your rights to any Outstanding PSUs will be terminated and no Settlement Amount will be 
 - 6 - 

delivered in respect thereof if you Associate With a Covered Enterprise during the Performance Period, as described in Paragraph 9(b)(i). 
 13. Extended Absence or Qualified Termination . If your Employment terminates at a time when you meet the requirements for Extended Absence or a Qualified Termination, then Paragraph 9(a) will not apply to the extent described in this Paragraph 12, and your Outstanding PSUs will be treated as described in this Paragraph 12. All other terms of this Award Agreement, including the other forfeiture and repayment events in Paragraphs 9 and 10, continue to apply. In each case, the Performance Goals applicable to your Outstanding PSUs will continue to apply, and the determination of the Settlement Amount will continue to be subject to whether or not, and to what extent, the Performance Goals have been achieved, as provided in Paragraph 6. 
 (a) Extended Absence . If your Employment terminates by Extended Absence, your Outstanding PSUs that are not Vested will be treated as Vested. However, your rights to any Outstanding PSUs that are treated as Vested by this Paragraph 12(a) will terminate and no Settlement Amount will be delivered in respect thereof if you Associate With a Covered Enterprise during the Performance Period, as described in Paragraph 9(b)(i). 
 (b) Qualified Termination . If the Firm terminates your Employment solely by reason of a Qualified Termination and you execute a general waiver and release of claims and an agreement to pay any associated tax liability in the form the Firm prescribes, a pro rata portion of your Outstanding PSUs (based on the portion of the Performance Period during which you were Employed) will become Vested. For the avoidance of doubt, your rights to any Outstanding PSUs will be terminated and no Settlement Amount will be delivered in respect thereof if you Associate With a Covered Enterprise during the Performance Period, as described in Paragraph 9(b)(i). 
 14. Accelerated Vesting and or Release of Transfer Restrictions in the Event of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control or Death . In the event of your Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control or death, each as described below, Paragraph 9(a) will not apply, your Outstanding PSUs or, to the extent you have received delivery in connection with any Settlement Amount, your Shares at Risk, will be treated as described in this Paragraph 13, and, except as set forth in Paragraph 13(a), all other terms of this Award Agreement, including the other forfeiture and repayment events in Paragraphs 9 and 10, continue to apply. In each case, the Performance Goal applicable to your Outstanding PSUs will continue to apply and the determination of the Settlement Amount will continue to be subject to whether or not, and to what extent, the Performance Goal has been achieved, in each case, as provided in Paragraph 6. 
 (a) You Have a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control . If your Employment terminates when you meet the requirements of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, you will, on the Settlement Date, receive delivery of the Settlement Amount and payment of the Dividend Equivalent Payments that, in each case, would have otherwise been made pursuant to Paragraph 6, and any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply to your Shares at Risk. In addition, the forfeiture events in Paragraph 9 will not apply to your Shares at Risk. 
 (b) Death . If you die, after such documentation as may be requested by the Committee is provided to the Committee, (i) your Account will receive delivery of the Settlement Amount and payment of the Dividend Equivalent Payments on the Settlement Date that, in each case, would have otherwise been made pursuant to Paragraph 6, and (ii) any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply to your Shares at Risk as soon as practicable after the date of death. 
 15. Change in Control or Death . In the event of a Change in Control or death, each as described below, your Outstanding PSUs will be treated as described in this Paragraph 13. All other terms of this Award Agreement, including the other forfeiture and repayment events in Paragraphs 9 and 10, continue to apply. In each case, the Performance Goals applicable to your Outstanding PSUs will continue to apply, and the determination of the Settlement Amount will continue to be subject to whether or not, and to what extent, the Performance Goals have been achieved, as provided in Paragraph 6. 
 (a) Change in Control . 
 - 7 - 

(i) In the event of a Change in Control which would result in none of GS Inc., its successors (including any surviving or acquiring entity or its affiliates) or affiliates being listed or publicly traded on any national securities exchange Delisting Change in Control (A) Paragraph 9(a) will not apply and your PSUs that are not Vested will become Vested, (B) the last day of the Performance Period will be deemed to be the effective date of the Change in Control, (C) the Determination Date will be as soon as practicable after the effective date of the Change in Control and (D) the Settlement Date s will occur as soon as practicable following the Determination Date, but no later than March 15 coinciding with the last day of the applicable short-term deferral period described in Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4). Any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply to your Shares at Risk, and the forfeiture events in Paragraph 9 will not apply to your Shares at Risk. 
 (ii) If the Change in Control is not a Delisting Change in Control described in Paragraph 13(a)(i) and if your Employment terminates when you meet the requirements of a Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control, then (i) Paragraph 9(a) will not apply and your PSUs that are not Vested will become Vested, and (ii) you will receive delivery of the Settlement Amount and payment of the Dividend Equivalent Payments on the applicable Settlement Date that would have otherwise been made pursuant to Paragraph 6. Any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply to your Shares at Risk, and the forfeiture events in Paragraph 9 will not apply to your Shares at Risk. 
 (b) Death . If you die, after such documentation as may be requested by the Committee is provided to the Committee, (i) Paragraph 9(a) will not apply and your PSUs that are not Vested will become Vested, (ii) your Account will receive delivery of the Settlement Amount and payment of the Dividend Equivalent Payments on the applicable Settlement Date that would have otherwise been made pursuant to Paragraph 6, and (iii) any Transfer Restrictions will cease to apply to your Shares at Risk as soon as practicable after the date of death. 
 
 Other Terms, Conditions and Agreements 
 16. Additional Terms, Conditions and Agreements . 
 (a) You Must Satisfy Applicable Tax Withholding Requirements . Delivery of the Settlement Amount is conditioned on your satisfaction of any applicable withholding taxes in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Plan, which includes the Firm deducting or withholding amounts from any payment or distribution to you. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Firm, in its sole discretion, may require you to provide amounts equal to all or a portion of any Federal, state, local, foreign or other tax obligations imposed on you or the Firm in connection with the grant, Vesting or delivery of this Award by requiring you to choose between remitting the amount (i) in cash (or through payroll deduction or otherwise) or (ii) in the form of proceeds from the Firm s executing a sale of Shares delivered to you pursuant to this Award. In no event, however, does this Paragraph 14(a) give you any discretion to determine or affect the timing of delivery of the Settlement Amount or the timing of payment of tax obligations. 
 (b) Firm May Deliver Cash or Other Property in Respect of the Settlement Amount . In accordance with Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, in the sole discretion of the Committee, in lieu of all or any portion of the Settlement Amount, the Firm may deliver cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property, and all references in this Award Agreement to delivery of the Settlement Amount will include such deliveries of cash, other securities, other awards under the Plan or other property. 
 (c) Amounts May Be Rounded to Avoid Fractional Shares . PSUs that become Vested on a Vesting Date and any amounts delivered in respect of the Settlement Amount , including Shares at Risk, may be rounded to avoid fractional Shares. 
 (d) You May Be Required to Become a Party to the Shareholders Agreement . Your rights to your PSUs are conditioned on your becoming a party to any shareholders agreement to which other similarly situated employees e.g ., employees with a similar title or position) of the Firm are required to be a party. 
 - 8 - 

(e) Firm May Affix Legends and Place Stop Orders on Shares . GS Inc. may affix to Certificates representing Shares any legend that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable (including to reflect any restrictions to which you may be subject under a separate agreement). GS Inc. may advise the transfer agent to place a stop order against any legended Shares. 
 (f) You Agree to Certain Consents, Terms and Conditions . By accepting this Award you understand and agree that 
 (i) You Agree to Certain Consents as a Condition to the Award . You have expressly consented to all of the items listed in Section 3.3.3(d) of the Plan, including the Firm s supplying to any third-party recordkeeper of the Plan or other person such personal information of yours as the Committee deems advisable to administer the Plan, and you agree to provide any additional consents that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable 
 (ii) You Are Subject to the Firm s Policies, Rules and Procedures . You are subject to the Firm s policies in effect from time to time concerning trading in Shares and hedging or pledging Shares and equity-based compensation or other awards (including, without limitation, the Firmwide Policy with Respect to Personal Transactions Involving GS Securities and GS Equity Awards or any successor policies), and confidential or proprietary information, and you will effect sales of Shares in accordance with such rules and procedures as may be adopted from time to time (which may include, without limitation, restrictions relating to the timing of sale requests, the manner in which sales are executed, pricing method, consolidation or aggregation of orders and volume limits determined by the Firm) 
 (iii) You Are Responsible for Costs Associated with Your Award . You will be responsible for all brokerage costs and other fees or expenses associated with your Award, including those related to the sale of Shares 
 (iv) You Will Be Deemed to Represent Your Compliance with All the Terms of Your Award if You Accept Delivery . You will be deemed to have represented and certified that you have complied with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement when any Settlement Amount and Dividend Equivalent Payments are is delivered to you, and you request the sale of Shares following the release of Transfer Restrictions on Shares at Risk 
 (v) Firm May Deliver Your Award into an Escrow Account . The Firm may establish and maintain an escrow account on such terms (which may include your executing any documents related to, and your paying for any costs associated with, such account) as it may deem necessary or appropriate, and the Settlement Amount may initially be delivered , and any Dividend Equivalent Payments and dividends may initially be paid, into and held in that escrow account until such time as the Committee has received such documentation as it may have requested or until the Committee has determined that any other conditions or restrictions on deliveries required by this Award Agreement have been satisfied 
 (vi) You May Be Required to Certify Compliance with Award Terms You Are Responsible for Providing the Firm with Updated Address and Contact Information After Your Departure from the Firm . If your Employment terminates while you continue to hold PSUs or Shares at Risk, from time to time, you may be required to provide certifications of your compliance with all of the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement as described in Paragraphs 9(b)(vi) and 9(c)(iv). You understand and agree that (A) your address on file with the Firm at the time any certification is required will be deemed to be your current address, (B) it is your responsibility to inform the Firm of any changes to your address to ensure timely receipt of the certification materials, (C) you are responsible for contacting the Firm to obtain such certification materials if not received and (D) your failure to return properly completed certification materials by the specified deadline (which includes your failure to timely return the completed certification because you did not provide the Firm with updated contact information) will result in the forfeiture of all of your PSUs or Shares at Risk and subject previously delivered amounts to repayment under Paragraphs 9(b)(vi) and 9(c)(iv) 
 (vii) You Authorize the Firm to Register, in Its or Its Designee's Name, Any Shares at Risk and Sell, Assign or Transfer Any Forfeited Shares at Risk . You are granting to the Firm the full 
 - 9 - 

power and authority to register any Shares at Risk in its or its designee's name and authorizing the Firm or its designee to sell, assign or transfer any Shares at Risk if you forfeit your Shares at Risk 
 (viii) You Must Comply with Applicable Deadlines and Procedures to Appeal Determinations Made by the Committee . If you disagree with a determination made by the Committee, the SIP Committee, the SIP Administrators, or any of their delegates or designees and you wish to appeal such determination, you must submit a written request to the SIP Committee for review within 180 days after the determination at issue. You must exhaust your internal administrative remedies i.e. , submit your appeal and wait for resolution of that appeal) before seeking to resolve a dispute through arbitration pursuant to Paragraph 17 and Section 3.17 of the Plan and 
 (ix) You Agree that Covered Persons Will Not Have Liability . In addition to and without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 1.3.5 of the Plan, neither the Firm nor any Covered Person will have any liability to you or any other person for any action taken or omitted in respect of this or any other Award. 
 17. Non-transferability . Except as otherwise may be provided in this Paragraph 15 or as otherwise may be provided by the Committee, the limitations on transferability set forth in Section 3.5 of the Plan will apply to this Award. Any purported transfer or assignment in violation of the provisions of this Paragraph 15 or Section 3.5 of the Plan will be void. The Committee may adopt procedures pursuant to which some or all recipients of PSUs and Shares at Risk may transfer some or all of their PSUs or Shares at Risk (which will continue to be subject to Transfer Restrictions until the applicable Transferability Date) through a gift for no consideration to any immediate family member, a trust or other estate planning vehicle approved by the Committee or SIP Committee in which the recipient and or the recipient s immediate family members in the aggregate have 100 of the beneficial interest. 
 18. Right of Offset . Except as provided in Paragraph 19(d), the obligation to deliver the Settlement Amount, pay dividends or Dividend Equivalent Payments or release Transfer Restrictions under this Award Agreement is subject to Section 3.4 of the Plan, which provides for the Firm s right to offset against such obligation any outstanding amounts you owe to the Firm and any amounts the Committee deems appropriate pursuant to any tax equalization policy or agreement. 
 Arbitration, Choice of Forum and Governing Law 
 19. Arbitration Choice of Forum . 
 (a) By accepting this award, you are indicating that you understand and agree that the arbitration and choice of forum provisions set forth in Section 3.17 of the Plan will apply to this Award to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. These provisions, which are expressly incorporated herein by reference, provide among other things that any dispute, controversy or claim between the Firm and you arising out of or relating to or concerning the Plan or this Award Agreement will be finally settled by arbitration, pursuant to the terms more fully set forth in Section 3.17 of the Plan provided that nothing herein shall preclude you from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any governmental authority, including but not limited to the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and a state or local human rights agency, as well as law enforcement. 
 (b) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitrator will have the authority to consider class, collective or representative claims, to order consolidation or to join different claimants or grant relief other than on an individual basis to the individual claimant involved. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any applicable forum rules to the contrary, to the extent there is a question of enforceability of this Award Agreement arising from a challenge to the arbitrator s jurisdiction or to the arbitrability of a claim, it will be decided by a court and not an arbitrator. 
 (d) The Federal Arbitration Act governs interpretation and enforcement of all arbitration provisions under the Plan and this Award Agreement, and all arbitration proceedings thereunder. 
 - 10 - 

(e) Nothing in this Award Agreement creates a substantive right to bring a claim under U.S. Federal, state, or local employment laws. 
 (f) By accepting your Award, you irrevocably appoint each General Counsel of GS Inc., or any person whom the General Counsel of GS Inc. designates, as your agent for service of process in connection with any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to or concerning the Plan or any Award which is not arbitrated pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.17.1 of the Plan, who shall promptly advise you of any such service of process. 
 (g) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitrator will have the authority to consider any claim as to which you have not first exhausted your internal administrative remedies in accordance with Paragraph 14(f)(viii). 
 20. Governing Law . This Award will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. 
 Certain Tax Provisions 
 21. Compliance of Award Agreement and Plan with Section 409A . The provisions of this Paragraph 19 apply to you only if you are a U.S. taxpayer. 
 (a) This Award Agreement and the Plan provisions that apply to this Award are intended and will be construed to comply with Section 409A (including the requirements applicable to, or the conditions for exemption from treatment as, 409A Deferred Compensation), whether by reason of short-term deferral treatment or other exceptions or provisions. The Committee will have full authority to give effect to this intent. To the extent necessary to give effect to this intent, in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between the provisions of the Plan (including Sections 1.3.2 and 2.1 thereof) and this Award Agreement, the provisions of this Award Agreement will govern, and in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between this Paragraph 19 and the other provisions of this Award Agreement, this Paragraph 19 will govern. 
 (b) Settlement will not be delayed beyond the date on which all applicable conditions or restrictions on settlement in respect of your PSUs required by this Award Agreement (including those specified in Paragraph 12(b) (execution of waiver and release of claims agreement to pay associated tax liability) and the consents and other items specified in Section 3.3 of the Plan) are satisfied. To the extent that any portion of this Award is intended to satisfy the requirements for short-term deferral treatment under Section 409A, settlement in respect of such portion will occur by the March 15 coinciding with the last day of the applicable short-term deferral period described in Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4) in order for settlement to be within the short-term deferral exception unless, in order to permit all applicable conditions or restrictions on settlement to be satisfied, the Committee elects, pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted in accordance with Section 409A, to delay settlement to a later date within the same calendar year or to such later date as may be permitted under Section 409A, including Reg. 1.409A-3(d). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Award includes a series of installment payments as described in Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii), your right to the series of installment payments will be treated as a right to a series of separate payments and not as a right to a single payment. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 14(b) and Section 1.3.2(i) of the Plan, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, any delivery or payment (including in the form of Shares at Risk or other property) that the Firm may make in respect of your PSUs will not have the effect of deferring payment, delivery, income inclusion, or a substantial risk of forfeiture, beyond the date on which such payment, delivery or inclusion would occur or such risk of forfeiture would lapse, with respect to the payment or delivery that would otherwise have been made (unless the Committee elects a later date for this purpose pursuant to Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(D) or otherwise as may be permitted under Section 409A, including and to the extent applicable, the subsequent election provisions of Section 409A(a)(4)(C) of the Code and Reg. 1.409A-2(b)). 
 - 11 - 

(d) Paragraph 16 and Section 3.4 of the Plan will not apply to Awards that are 409A Deferred Compensation except to the extent permitted under Section 409A. 
 (e) Settlement in respect of any portion of the Award may be made, if and to the extent elected by the Committee, later than the relevant Settlement Date or other date or period specified hereinabove (but, in the case of any Award that constitutes 409A Deferred Compensation, only to the extent that the later payment or delivery, as applicable, is permitted under Section 409A). 
 (f) You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties due pursuant to Section 409A, but in no event will you be permitted to designate, directly or indirectly, the taxable year of the delivery. 
 Committee Authority, Amendment, Construction and Regulatory Reporting 
 22. Committee Authority . The Committee has the authority to determine, in its sole discretion, that any event triggering forfeiture or repayment of your Award will not apply, to limit the forfeitures and repayments that result under Paragraphs 9 and 10 and to remove Transfer Restrictions before the applicable Transferability Date. In addition, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may determine whether Paragraph 12(b) will apply upon a termination of Employment. 
 23. Amendment . The Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms of this Award Agreement, and the Board may amend the Plan in any respect provided that , notwithstanding the foregoing and Sections 1.3.2(f), 1.3.2(h) and 3.1 of the Plan, no such amendment will materially adversely affect your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement without your consent and provided further that the Committee expressly reserves its rights to amend the Award Agreement and the Plan as described in Sections 1.3.2(h)(1), (2) and (4) of the Plan. A modification that impacts the tax consequences of this Award or the timing of delivery will not be an amendment that materially adversely affects your rights and obligations under this Award Agreement. Any amendment of this Award Agreement will be in writing. 
 24. Construction, Headings . Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) words describing the singular number include the plural and vice versa, (b) words denoting any gender include all genders and (c) the words include, includes and including will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The headings in this Award Agreement are for the purpose of convenience only and are not intended to define or limit the construction of the provisions hereof. References in this Award Agreement to any specific Plan provision will not be construed as limiting the applicability of any other Plan provision. 
 25. Providing Information to the Appropriate Authorities . In accordance with applicable law, nothing in this Award Agreement (including the forfeiture and repayment provisions in Paragraphs 9 and 10) or the Plan prevents you from providing information you reasonably believe to be true to the appropriate governmental authority, including a regulatory, judicial, administrative, or other governmental entity reporting possible violations of law or regulation making other disclosures that are protected under any applicable law or regulation or filing a charge or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by a governmental authority. For the avoidance of doubt, governmental authority includes federal, state and local government agencies such as the SEC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and any state or local human rights agency e.g. , the New York State Division of Human Rights, the New York City Commission on Human Rights, the California Civil Rights Department) as well as law enforcement e.g. , the state Attorney General). Similarly, nothing in this Award Agreement or the Plan prohibits you from speaking with your own attorney regarding your own legal rights or obligations. 
 
 - 12 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , GS Inc. has caused this Award Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the Date of Grant. 
 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. 
 
 - 13 - 

U.K. Material Risk Taker Appendix 
 
 This Appendix supplements Paragraph 9 and sets forth additional events that result in forfeiture of up to all of your PSUs and Shares at Risk and may require repayment to the Firm of up to all other amounts previously delivered or paid to you under your Award in accordance with Paragraph 10. As with the events described in Paragraph 9, more than one event may apply, in no case will the occurrence of one event limit the forfeiture and repayment obligations as a result of the occurrence of any other event and the Firm reserves the right to (a) suspend vesting of Outstanding PSUs, delivery of the Settlement Amount or release of Transfer Restrictions, (b) deliver the Settlement Amount or dividends into an escrow account in accordance with Paragraph 14(f)(v) or (c) apply Transfer Restrictions to any Shares in connection with any investigation of whether any of the events that result in forfeiture under this Appendix have occurred. 
 
 With respect to the events described in this Appendix, the Committee will consider certain factors to determine whether and what portion of your Award will terminate, including the reason for the Loss Event (as defined below) or Risk Event (as defined below) and the extent to which (1) you participated in the Loss Event or Risk Event, (2) your compensation for __________ may or may not have been adjusted to take into account the risk associated with the Loss Event, Risk Event, your Serious Misconduct (as defined below) or the Serious Misconduct of a Supervised Employee (as defined below) and (3) your compensation may be adjusted for the year in which the Loss Event, Risk Event, your Serious Misconduct or a Supervised Employee s Serious Misconduct is discovered. 
 
 (a) A Loss Event Occurs Prior to Delivery . If a Loss Event occurs prior to the delivery of the Settlement Amount, your rights in respect of all or a portion of your PSUs (whether or not Vested) which are scheduled to deliver on the next Settlement Date immediately following the date that the Loss Event is identified (or, if not practicable, then the next following Settlement Date) will terminate, and no Settlement Amount will be delivered in respect of such PSUs. 
 (i) Loss Event means (A) an annual pre-tax loss at GS Inc. or (B) annual negative revenues in one or more reporting segments as disclosed in the Firm s Form 10-K other than the Asset & Wealth Management segment (or any successor or equivalent segment or sub-segment as determined by the Firm), or annual negative revenues in the Asset & Wealth Management segment (or any successor or equivalent segment or sub-segment as determined by the Firm) of 5 billion or more, provided in either case that you are employed in a business within such reporting segment. 
 (b) A Risk Event Occurs On or Before the Applicable End Date . If a Risk Event occurs on or before the Applicable End Date, (i) your rights in respect of all or a portion of your PSUs (whether or not Vested) will terminate and no Settlement Amount will be delivered in respect of such PSUs, (ii) your rights to all or a portion of any Shares at Risk will terminate and such Shares at Risk will be cancelled and (iii) you will be obligated immediately upon demand therefor to pay the Firm an amount not in excess of the greater of the Fair Market Value of the Settlement Amount (plus any dividend payments) delivered in respect of the Award (without reduction for any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations) determined as of (A) the date the Risk Event occurred and (B) the date that the repayment request is made. 
 (i) Risk Event means there occurs a loss of 5 or more of firmwide total capital from a reportable operational risk event determined in accordance with the firmwide Reporting and Operational Risk Events Policy (or any successor policy). 
 (c) You Engage in Serious Misconduct On or Before the Applicable End Date . If you engage in Serious Misconduct during the period beginning on the applicable Transferability Date through the Applicable End Date, you will be obligated immediately upon demand therefor to pay the Firm an amount not in excess of the greater of the Fair Market Value of the Settlement Amount (plus any dividend payments) delivered in respect of the Award (without reduction for any amount applied to satisfy tax withholding or other obligations) determined as of (i) the date the Serious Misconduct occurred and (ii) the date that the repayment request is made. 
 - 14 - 

(i) Serious Misconduct means that you engage in conduct that the Firm reasonably considers, in its sole discretion, to be misconduct sufficient to justify summary termination of employment under English law. 
 (d) A Supervised Employee Engages in Serious Misconduct . If the Committee determines that it is appropriate to hold you accountable in whole or in part for Serious Misconduct related to compliance, control or risk that occurred during ________ by a Supervised Employee, your rights in respect of all or a portion of your PSUs (whether or not Vested) will terminate and no Settlement Amount will be delivered in respect of such PSUs and your rights to all or a portion of any Shares at Risk will terminate and such Shares at Risk will be cancelled. 
 (i) Supervised Employee means an individual with respect to whom the Committee determines you had supervisory responsibility as a result of direct or indirect reporting lines or your management responsibility for an office, division or business. 
 (e) Certain Definitions . 
 (i) Applicable End Date means, with respect to each classification in the table below, the following 
 Classification Applicable End Date GSAMI MRT _______________ GSAMI Senior MRT _______________ UK MRT _______________ 
 
 (ii) GSAMI MRT means an individual other than a GSAMI Senior MRT or UK MRT who, at any point in _______, was classified by the Firm as a GSAMI Material Risk Taker in accordance with the remuneration code under the UK Investment Firms Prudential Regime IFPR ). 
 (iii) GSAMI Senior MRT means an individual other than a UK MRT who, at any point in _______, was classified by the Firm as a GSAMI Senior Material Risk Taker in accordance with the remuneration code under the IFPR. 
 (iv) UK MRT means an individual who, at any point in _______, was classified by the Firm as a Material Risk Taker in accordance with the remuneration codes applicable to dual-regulated UK firms. 
 (v) For purposes of these definitions, if during _______ you were classified by the Firm as any combination of GSAMI MRT or GSAMI Senior MRT and UK MRT then your classification in the table above is UK MRT or as a combination of GSAMI MRT and GSAMI Senior MRT then your classification in the table above is GSAMI Senior MRT. 
 Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan, this Award Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement you may have with the Firm, the parties agree that to the extent that there is any dispute arising out of or relating to the payment required by Paragraphs (b) and (c) of this Appendix (including your refusal to remit payment) the parties will submit to arbitration in accordance with Paragraph 17 of this Award Agreement and Section 3.17 of the Plan as the sole means of resolution of such dispute (including the recovery by the Firm of the payment amount). 

- 15 - 

Definitions Appendix 
 
 The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the following meanings 
 (a) 409A Deferred Compensation means a deferral of compensation or deferred compensation as those terms are defined in the regulations under Section 409A. 
 (b) Associate With a Covered Enterprise means that you (i) form, or acquire a 5 or greater equity ownership, voting or profit participation interest in, any Covered Enterprise or (ii) associate in any capacity (including association as an officer, employee, partner, director, consultant, agent or advisor) with any Covered Enterprise. Associate With a Covered Enterprise may include, as determined in the discretion of the Committee, (i) becoming the subject of any publicly available announcement or report of a pending or future association with a Covered Enterprise and (ii) unpaid associations, including an association in contemplation of future employment. Association With a Covered Enterprise will have its correlative meaning. 
 (c) Covered Enterprise means a Competitive Enterprise and any other existing or planned business enterprise that (i) offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer products or services that are the same as or similar to those offered by the Firm or that the Firm reasonably expects to offer Firm Products or Services or (ii) engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in any other activity that is the same as or similar to any financial activity engaged in by the Firm or in which the Firm reasonably expects to engage Firm Activities ). For the avoidance of doubt, Firm Activities include any activity that requires the same or similar skills as any financial activity engaged in by the Firm or in which the Firm reasonably expects to engage, irrespective of whether any such financial activity is in furtherance of an advisory, agency, proprietary or fiduciary undertaking. 
 The enterprises covered by this definition include enterprises that offer, hold themselves out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer Firm Products or Services, or engage in, hold themselves out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in Firm Activities directly, as well as those that do so indirectly by ownership or control e.g. , by owning, being owned by or by being under common ownership with an enterprise that offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer Firm Products or Services or that engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in Firm Activities). The definition of Covered Enterprise includes, solely by way of example, any enterprise that offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer any product or service, or engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in any activity, in any case, associated with investment banking public or private finance lending financial advisory services private investing for anyone other than you or your family members (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any type of proprietary investing or trading) private wealth management private banking consumer or commercial cash management consumer, digital or commercial banking merchant banking asset, portfolio or hedge fund management insurance or reinsurance underwriting or brokerage property management or securities, futures, commodities, energy, derivatives, currency or digital asset brokerage, sales, lending, custody, clearance, settlement or trading. An enterprise that offers, holds itself out as offering or reasonably may be expected to offer Firm Products or Services, or engages in, holds itself out as engaging in or reasonably may be expected to engage in Firm Activities is a Covered Enterprise , irrespective of whether the enterprise is a customer, client or counterparty of the Firm or is otherwise associated with the Firm and, because the Firm is a global enterprise, irrespective of where the Covered Enterprise is physically located. 
 (d) Determination Date means the date specified on your Award Statement as the date on which the Committee will determine whether or not, and to what extent, the Performance Goal s was were achieved for the Performance Period. 
 (e) Dividend Equivalent Payments means any payments made in respect of Dividend Equivalent Rights. 
 (f) FDIC means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any successor thereto. 
 - 16 - 

(g) Failed to Consider Risk means that you participated (or otherwise oversaw or were responsible for, depending on the circumstances, another individual s participation) in the structuring or marketing of any product or service, or participated on behalf of the Firm or any of its clients in the purchase or sale of any security or other property, in any case without appropriate consideration of the risk to the Firm or the broader financial system as a whole (for example, where you have improperly analyzed such risk or where you have failed sufficiently to raise concerns about such risk) and, as a result of such action or omission, the Committee determines there has been, or reasonably could be expected to be, a material adverse impact on the Firm, your business unit or the broader financial system. 
 (h) Performance Goal means the performance goal determined by the Committee that is specified on your Award Statement. 
 (i) Performance Period means the performance period determined by the Committee that is specified on your Award Statement. 
 (j) Qualified Termination means the termination of your Employment by the Firm where none of the forfeiture and repayment events described in Paragraphs 9 and 10 has occurred. No Employment termination that you initiate, including any purported constructive termination, a termination for good reason or similar concepts, can be a Qualified Termination. 
 (k) Qualifying Termination After a Change in Control means that the Firm terminates your Employment other than for Cause or you terminate your Employment for Good Reason, in each case, within 18 months following a Change in Control. 
 (l) Sarbanes-Oxley means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended. 
 (m) SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 (n) Selected Firm Personnel means any individual who is or in the three months preceding the conduct prohibited by Paragraph 9(b)(ii) was (i) a Firm employee or consultant with whom you personally worked while employed by the Firm, (ii) a Firm employee or consultant who, at any time during the year preceding the date of the termination of your Employment, worked in the same division in which you worked or (iii) an Advisory Director, a Managing Director or a Senior Advisor of the Firm. 
 (o) Settlement Amount means an amount deliverable to you in respect of your PSUs (determined as described in the Award Statement). 
 (p) Settlement Date means each date specified on your Award Statement as the date on which the Settlement Amount will be delivered, provided , unless the Committee determines otherwise, such date is during a Window Period or, if such date is not during a Window Period, the first trading day of the first Window Period beginning after such date. 
 (q) Share means a share of Common Stock. 
 (r) Shares at Risk means Shares that are subject to Transfer Restrictions. 
 
 - 17 - 

The following capitalized terms are used in this Award Agreement with the meanings that are assigned to them in the Plan 
 (a) Account means any brokerage account, custody account or similar account, as approved or required by GS Inc. from time to time, into which shares of Common Stock, cash or other property in respect of an Award are delivered. 
 (b) Award Agreement means the written document or documents by which each Award is evidenced, including any related Award Statement and signature card. 
 (c) Award Statement means a written statement that reflects certain Award terms. 
 (d) Board means the Board of Directors of GS Inc. 
 (e) Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or obligated by Federal law or executive order to be closed. 
 (f) Cause means (i) the Grantee s conviction, whether following trial or by plea of guilty or nolo contendere (or similar plea), in a criminal proceeding (A) on a misdemeanor charge involving fraud, false statements or misleading omissions, wrongful taking, embezzlement, bribery, forgery, counterfeiting or extortion, or (B) on a felony charge, or (C) on an equivalent charge to those in clauses (A) and (B) in jurisdictions which do not use those designations, (ii) the Grantee s engaging in any conduct which constitutes an employment disqualification under applicable law (including statutory disqualification as defined under the Exchange Act), (iii) the Grantee s willful failure to perform the Grantee s duties to the Firm, (iv) the Grantee s violation of any securities or commodities laws, any rules or regulations issued pursuant to such laws, or the rules and regulations of any securities or commodities exchange or association of which the Firm is a member, (v) the Grantee s violation of any Firm policy concerning hedging or pledging or confidential or proprietary information, or the Grantee s material violation of any other Firm policy as in effect from time to time, (vi) the Grantee s engaging in any act or making any statement which impairs, impugns, denigrates, disparages or negatively reflects upon the name, reputation or business interests of the Firm or (vii) the Grantee s engaging in any conduct detrimental to the Firm. The determination as to whether Cause has occurred shall be made by the Committee in its sole discretion and, in such case, the Committee also may, but shall not be required to, specify the date such Cause occurred (including by determining that a prior termination of Employment was for Cause). Any rights the Firm may have hereunder and in any Award Agreement in respect of the events giving rise to Cause shall be in addition to the rights the Firm may have under any other agreement with a Grantee or at law or in equity. 
 (g) Certificate means a stock certificate (or other appropriate document or evidence of ownership) representing shares of Common Stock. 
 (h) Change in Control means the consummation of a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving GS Inc. (a Reorganization or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of GS Inc. s assets to an entity that is not an affiliate of GS Inc. (a Sale ), that in each case requires the approval of GS Inc. s shareholders under the law of GS Inc. s jurisdiction of organization, whether for such Reorganization or Sale (or the issuance of securities of GS Inc. in such Reorganization or Sale), unless immediately following such Reorganization or Sale, either (i) at least 50 of the total voting power (in respect of the election of directors, or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of (A) the entity resulting from such Reorganization, or the entity which has acquired all or substantially all of the assets of GS Inc. in a Sale (in either case, the Surviving Entity ), or (B) if applicable, the ultimate parent entity that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, as such Rule is in effect on the date of the adoption of the 1999 SIP) of 50 or more of the total voting power (in respect of the election of directors, or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of the Surviving Entity (the Parent Entity is represented by GS Inc. s securities (the GS Inc. Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to such Reorganization or Sale (or, if applicable, is represented by shares into which such GS Inc. Securities were converted pursuant to such Reorganization or Sale) or (ii) at least 
 - 18 - 

50 of the members of the board of directors (or similar officials in the case of an entity other than a corporation) of the Parent Entity (or, if there is no Parent Entity, the Surviving Entity) following the consummation of the Reorganization or Sale were, at the time of the Board s approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Reorganization or Sale, individuals (the Incumbent Directors who either (A) were members of the Board on the Effective Date or (B) became directors subsequent to the Effective Date and whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of GS Inc. s proxy statement in which such persons are named as nominees for director). 
 (i) Client means any client or prospective client of the Firm to whom the Grantee provided services, or for whom the Grantee transacted business, or whose identity became known to the Grantee in connection with the Grantee s relationship with or employment by the Firm. 
 (j) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rulings and regulations thereunder. 
 (k) Committee means the committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan pursuant to Section 1.3, and, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for the compensation realized from Awards under the Plan to be considered performance based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is an outside director within the meaning of Code Section 162(m), and which, to the extent the Board determines it is appropriate for Awards under the Plan to qualify for the exemption available under Rule 16b-3(d)(1) or Rule 16b-3(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, shall be a committee or subcommittee of the Board composed of two or more members, each of whom is a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Committee shall be the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 (l) Common Stock means common stock of GS Inc., par value 0.01 per share. 
 (m) Competitive Enterprise means an existing or planned business enterprise that (i) engages, or may reasonably be expected to engage, in any activity (ii) owns or controls, or may reasonably be expected to own or control, a significant interest in any entity that engages in any activity or (iii) is, or may reasonably be expected to be, owned by, or a significant interest in which is, or may reasonably be expected to be, owned or controlled by, any entity that engages in any activity that, in any case, competes or will compete anywhere with any activity in which the Firm is engaged. The activities covered by this definition include, without limitation financial services such as investment banking public or private finance lending financial advisory services private investing for anyone other than the Grantee and members of the Grantee s family (including for the avoidance of doubt, any type of proprietary investing or trading) private wealth management private banking consumer or commercial cash management consumer, digital or commercial banking merchant banking asset, portfolio or hedge fund management insurance or reinsurance underwriting or brokerage property management or securities, futures, commodities, energy, derivatives, currency or digital asset brokerage, sales, lending, custody, clearance, settlement or trading. 
 (n) Covered Person means a member of the Board or the Committee or any employee of the Firm. 
 (o) Date of Grant means the date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as the date of grant of the Award. 
 (p) Dividend Equivalent Right means a dividend equivalent right granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay to the Grantee amounts equal to all or any portion of the regular cash dividends that would be paid on shares of Common Stock covered by an Award if such shares had been delivered pursuant to an Award. 
 (q) Effective Date means the date this Plan is approved by the shareholders of GS Inc. pursuant to Section 3.15 of the Plan. 
 - 19 - 

(r) Employment means the Grantee s performance of services for the Firm, as determined by the Committee. The terms employ and employed shall have their correlative meanings. The Committee in its sole discretion may determine (i) whether and when a Grantee s leave of absence results in a termination of Employment (for this purpose, unless the Committee determines otherwise, a Grantee shall be treated as terminating Employment with the Firm upon the occurrence of an Extended Absence), (ii) whether and when a change in a Grantee s association with the Firm results in a termination of Employment and (iii) the impact, if any, of any such leave of absence or change in association on Awards theretofore made. Unless expressly provided otherwise, any references in the Plan or any Award Agreement to a Grantee s Employment being terminated shall include both voluntary and involuntary terminations. 
 (s) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
 (t) Extended Absence means the Grantee s inability to perform for six (6) continuous months, due to illness, injury or pregnancy-related complications, substantially all the essential duties of the Grantee s occupation, as determined by the Committee. 
 (u) Firm means GS Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 (v) Good Reason means, in connection with a termination of employment by a Grantee following a Change in Control, (a) as determined by the Committee, a materially adverse alteration in the Grantee s position or in the nature or status of the Grantee s responsibilities from those in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control or (b) the Firm s requiring the Grantee s principal place of Employment to be located more than seventy-five (75) miles from the location where the Grantee is principally Employed at the time of the Change in Control (except for required travel on the Firm s business to an extent substantially consistent with the Grantee s customary business travel obligations in the ordinary course of business prior to the Change in Control). 
 (w) Grantee means a person who receives an Award. 
 (x) GS Inc. means The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 (y) 1999 SIP means The Goldman Sachs 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, as in effect prior to the effective date of the 2003 SIP. 
 (z) Outstanding means any Award to the extent it has not been forfeited, cancelled, terminated, exercised or with respect to which the shares of Common Stock underlying the Award have not been previously delivered or other payments made. 
 (aa) Restricted Share means a share of Common Stock delivered under the Plan that is subject to Transfer Restrictions, forfeiture provisions and or other terms and conditions specified herein and in the Restricted Share Award Agreement or other applicable Award Agreement. All references to Restricted Shares include Shares at Risk. 
 (ab) Retirement means termination of the Grantee s Employment (other than for Cause) on or after the Date of Grant at a time when (i) (A) the sum of the Grantee s age plus years of service with the Firm (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) equals or exceeds 60 and (B) the Grantee has completed at least 10 years of service with the Firm (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) or, if earlier, (ii) (A) the Grantee has attained age 50 and (B) the Grantee has completed at least five years of service with the Firm (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion). 
 (ac) RSU means a restricted stock unit granted under the Plan, which represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the RSU Award Agreement. 
 - 20 - 

(ad) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, including any amendments or successor provisions to that Section and any regulations and other administrative guidance thereunder, in each case as they, from time to time, may be amended or interpreted through further administrative guidance. 
 (ae) SIP Administrator means each person designated by the Committee as a SIP Administrator with the authority to perform day-to-day administrative functions for the Plan. 
 (af) SIP Committee means the persons who have been delegated certain authority under the Plan by the Committee. 
 (ag) Solicit means any direct or indirect communication of any kind whatsoever, regardless of by whom initiated, inviting, advising, suggesting, encouraging or requesting any person or entity, in any manner, to take or refrain from taking any action. The terms Solicited, Soliciting and Solicitation will have their correlative meanings. 
 (ah) Transfer Restrictions means restrictions that prohibit the sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, fractionalization, hedge or other disposal (including through the use of any cash-settled instrument), whether voluntarily or involuntarily by the Grantee, of an Award or any shares of Common Stock, cash or other property delivered in respect of an Award. 
 (ai) Transferability Date means the date Transfer Restrictions on a Restricted Share will be released. Within 30 Business Days after the applicable Transferability Date, GS Inc. shall take, or shall cause to be taken, such steps as may be necessary to remove Transfer Restrictions. 
 (aj) Vested means, with respect to an Award, the portion of the Award that is not subject to a condition that the Grantee remain actively employed by the Firm in order for the Award to remain Outstanding. The fact that an Award becomes Vested shall not mean or otherwise indicate that the Grantee has an unconditional or nonforfeitable right to such Award, and such Award shall remain subject to such terms, conditions and forfeiture provisions as may be provided for in the Plan or in the Award Agreement. 
 (ak) Vesting Date means each date specified in the Grantee s Award Agreement as a date on which part or all of an Award becomes Vested. 
 (al) Window Period means a period designated by the Firm during which all employees of the Firm are permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock provided that, if the Grantee is a member of a designated group of employees who are subject to different restrictions, the Window Period may be a period designated by the Firm during which an employee of the Firm in such designated group is permitted to purchase or sell shares of Common Stock). 
 - 21 - 

</EX-10.45>

<EX-10.47>
 14
 a1047_formxofxsignaturexca.htm
 EX-10.47

Document 
 Exhibit 10.47 

The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. 
 Signature Card for _______________ Awards and Consent to Receive Electronic Delivery 
 IMPORTANT PLEASE REVIEW, EXECUTE AND RETURN THIS FORM TO ________________________________. 
 YOU MUST PROPERLY EXECUTE THIS FORM TO ACKNOWLEDGE ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF YOUR AWARD(S) AND RELATED MATTERS. 

1. I have received and agree to be bound by The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (2021) (the SIP and the Award Agreement(s) applicable to me in connection with the _______________ Award(s) (the Award(s) that I have been granted by the Firm (as defined in the SIP). I confirm that I am accepting the Award(s) subject to the terms and conditions contained in the SIP, the Award Agreement(s), the Language Notice for Equity Awards and this signature card (the Signature Card ), including, but not limited to, the requirement that certain disputes be decided through arbitration and be governed by New York law. For the avoidance of doubt, references to a share or Share herein mean a share of the common stock of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. GS Inc. and, where applicable, deliveries of cash or other property in lieu thereof. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, I understand and agree that to be eligible to receive any award under the SIP or any predecessor plan, I must not have engaged in any conduct constituting Cause (as defined in the SIP) prior to the grant of the award, and by accepting this Award, I represent and warrant that I have not engaged in any conduct constituting Cause. 
 
 As a condition of this grant, I understand that the Award(s) (as well as any other award that the Firm may grant to me under the SIP) is are subject to governing law provisions as outlined in this Signature Card or in the applicable Award Agreement(s), and, as a condition to receiving such awards, I agree to be bound thereby. As a condition of this grant, I agree to provide upon request an appropriate certification regarding my U.S. tax status on Form W-8BEN, Form W-9, or other appropriate form, and I understand that failure to supply a required form may result in the imposition of backup withholding on certain payments I receive pursuant to this grant. 
 
 I irrevocably grant full power and authority to GS Inc. to register in its name, or that of any designee, any and all Restricted Shares (as defined in the applicable Award Agreement), Shares at Risk (as defined in the applicable Award Agreement) or other shares of GS Inc. common stock that have been or may be delivered to me subject to transfer restrictions or forfeiture provisions, and I irrevocably authorize GS Inc., or its designee, to sell, assign or transfer such shares to GS Inc. or such other persons as it may determine in the event of a forfeiture of such shares pursuant to any agreement with GS Inc. 
 Further, as a condition of this grant, if I am a person who has worked in the United Kingdom at any time during the earnings period relating to any award under the SIP, as determined by the Firm, when requested and as directed by the Firm, I will agree to a Joint Election under s431 ITEPA 2003 of the laws of the United Kingdom for full or partial disapplication of Chapter 2 Income Tax (Earnings and Pension) Act 2003 under the laws of the United Kingdom and will sign and return such election in respect of all future deliveries of Shares underlying the Award(s) and any previous grants made to me under the SIP and understand that the Firm intends to meet its delivery obligations in Shares with respect to my Award(s), except as may be prohibited by law or described in the accompanying Award Agreement(s) or supplementary materials. 
 If I have worked in Switzerland at any time during the earnings period relating to the Award(s) granted to me as determined by the Firm, (i) I acknowledge that my Award(s) are subject to tax in accordance with the rulings and method of calculation of taxable values to be agreed by the Firm with the Federal and or Zurich Geneva cantonal communal tax authorities or as otherwise directed by the Firm, and (ii) I hereby agree to be bound by any rulings agreed by the Firm in respect of any Award(s), which is expected to result in taxation at the time of delivery of Shares, and (iii) I undertake to declare and make a full and accurate income tax declaration in respect of my Award(s) in accordance with the above ruling or as directed by the Firm. 
 2. I have read and understand the Firm s Notice Periods for Recipients of Year-End Equity-Based Awards policy, or any successor policy (the Notice Policy ), available on GSWeb My HCM Policies link under the Policies tab Leaving the Firm link under Career and Performance or as otherwise provided to me, pursuant to which I am required to provide certain specified advance notice of my intent to leave employment with the Firm. I understand that the Notice Policy will also apply with respect to my One-Time Awards (with the references to Year-End deemed to be references to One-Time in this context.) By executing this form, I am agreeing to be bound by the Notice Policy as in effect from time to time and, where applicable, am agreeing to a permanent change in the terms and conditions of my employment. I agree to this change in consideration of my continued employment with the Firm and the Firm s offer of the Award(s). I understand that the Notice Policy requires me, among other things, to provide my employing entity with advance written notice of my intention to leave employment with the Firm as follows 
 In the Americas 60 days in advance of my termination date 
 In Europe, the Middle East, Africa and India 90 days in advance of my termination date and 
 In Japan and Asia Ex-Japan (including Australia and New Zealand and excluding India) 90 days in advance of my termination date if I am a Vice President or an Executive Director 60 days in advance of my termination date in all other cases. 
 
 If, under local law or a written contract with the Firm (for example, a Managing Director Agreement or Non-Competition Agreement), I have a notice requirement that is longer than those specified above, I understand that the longer notice period will apply. I also understand that if my employment is subject to a probation period, the Notice Policy applies only if notice of termination is given after the probation period has ended. 
 I understand that if I fail to comply in any respect with the Notice Policy, I will have failed to meet an obligation I have under an agreement with the Firm, as a result of which the Firm may have certain legal and equitable rights and remedies, including, without limitation, forfeiture of the Award(s) and any other awards granted to me under the SIP. The Firm may forfeit such Award(s) for violation of the Notice Policy irrespective of whether this agreement constitutes a legally recognized permanent change to my terms and conditions of employment, and irrespective of whether applicable law permits me to make a payment in lieu of notice. In addition, the Firm may seek an order or injunction from a court or arbitration panel to stop a breach and may also seek other permissible remedies. 

The Firm may hold me personally liable for any damages it suffers as a result of the breach. 
 This agreement concerning my notice period is being made for and on behalf of my Goldman Sachs employing entity, and implementation of the Notice Policy does not create an employment relationship between me and GS Inc. 
 
 3. I have read and understand the Firm s hedging and pledging policies (including, without limitation, the Firmwide Policy with Respect to Personal Transactions Involving GS Securities and GS Equity Awards ), and agree to be bound by them (with respect to the Award(s) and any prior awards under the SIP), both during and following my employment with the Firm. 
 4. As a condition to this grant, I agree to open and activate any brokerage, trust, sub-trust, custody or similar account (an Account ), as required or approved by the Firm in its sole discretion. I agree to access, review, execute and be bound by any agreements that govern any such Account, including any provisions that provide for the applicable restrictions on transfers, pledges and withdrawals of Shares, permitting the Firm to monitor any such Account, and the limitations on the liability of the party (which may not be affiliated with the Firm) providing the Account and the Firm. I understand and agree that the Firm may direct the transfer of securities, cash or other assets in my Account to the Firm in connection with any indebtedness or any other obligation that I have to the Firm, as determined by the Firm in its sole discretion, however such obligation may have arisen. I also agree to open an Account with any other custodian, broker, trustee, transfer agent or similar party selected by the Firm, if the Firm, in its sole discretion, requires me to open an account with such custodian, broker, trustee, transfer agent or similar party as a condition to delivery of Shares underlying the Award(s). 
 5. If the Firm advanced or loaned me funds to pay certain taxes (including income taxes and Social Security, or similar contributions) in connection with the Award(s) (or does so in the future), and if I have not signed a separate loan agreement governing repayment, I authorize the Firm to withhold from my compensation any amounts required to reimburse it for any such advance or loan to the extent permitted by applicable law. 
 I understand and agree that, if I leave the Firm, I am required immediately to repay any outstanding amount. I further understand and agree that the Firm has the right to offset, to the extent permitted by the Award Agreement and applicable law (including Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, which limits the Firm s ability to offset in the case of United States taxpayers under certain circumstances), any outstanding amounts that I then owe the Firm against its delivery obligations under the Award(s), against any obligations to remove restrictions and or other terms and conditions in respect of any Restricted Shares or Shares at Risk (each as defined in the applicable Award Agreement) or against any other amounts the Firm then owes me, including payments of dividends or dividend equivalent payments. I understand that the delivery of Shares pursuant to the Award(s) is conditioned on my satisfaction of any applicable taxes or Social Security contributions (collectively referred to as tax or taxes for purposes of the SIP and all related documents) in accordance with the SIP. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Firm, in its sole discretion, may require me to provide amounts equal to all or a portion of any Federal, State, local, foreign or other tax obligations imposed on me or the Firm in connection with the grant, vesting or delivery of the Award(s) by requiring me to choose between remitting such amount (i) in cash (or through payroll deduction or otherwise), (ii) in the form of proceeds from the Firm s executing a sale of Shares delivered to me pursuant to the Award(s) or (iii) as otherwise permitted in the Award Agreement(s). However, in no event shall any such choice determine, or give me any discretion to affect, the timing of the delivery of Shares or payment of tax obligations. 
 6. In connection with any Award Agreement or other interest I may receive in the SIP or any Shares that I may receive in connection with the Award(s) or any award I have previously received or may receive, or in connection with any amendment or variation thereof or any documents listed in paragraph 7, I hereby consent to (a) the acceptance by me of the Award(s) electronically, (b) the giving of instructions in electronic form whether by me or the Firm, and (c) the receipt in electronic form at my email address maintained at Goldman Sachs or via Goldman Sachs intranet site (or, if I am no longer employed by the Firm, at such other email address as I may specify, or via such other electronic means as the Firm and I may agree) all notices and information that the Firm is required by law to send to me in connection therewith including, without limitation, any document (or part thereof) constituting part of a prospectus covering securities that have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, the information contained in any such document and any information required to be delivered to me under Rule 428 of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, including, for example, the annual report to security holders or the annual report on Form 10-K of GS Inc. for its latest fiscal year, and that all prior elections that I may have made relating to the delivery of any such document in physical form are hereby revoked and superseded. I agree to check Goldman Sachs intranet site (or, if I am no longer employed by the Firm, such other electronic site as notified to me by the Firm) periodically as I deem appropriate for any new notices or information concerning the SIP. I understand that I am not required to consent to the receipt of such documents in electronic form in order to receive the Award(s) and that I may decline to receive such documents in electronic form by contacting ___________________, which will provide me with hard copies of such documents upon request. I also understand that this consent is voluntary and may be revoked at any time on three business days written notice. 
 7. I hereby acknowledge that I have received in electronic form in accordance with my consent in paragraph 6 the following documents 
 The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (2021) 
 Summary of The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (2021) 
 The annual report on Form 10-K for The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. for the fiscal year ended ___________________ 
 The Award Agreement(s) 
 The Language Notice for Equity Awards and 
 Summaries of the Award(s) Award Summary ). 

- 2- 

8. I expressly authorize any appropriate representative of the Firm to make any notifications, filings or remittances of funds that may be required in connection with the SIP or otherwise on my behalf. I acknowledge that any such authorization is effective from the date of acceptance of my Award(s) until such time as I expressly revoke the authorization by written notice to any appropriate representative of the Firm. I understand that this authorization does not create any obligation on the Firm to deal with any such notifications, filings or remittances of funds that I may be required to make in connection with the SIP and I accept full responsibility in this regard. 
 9. The granting of the Award(s), the delivery of the underlying Shares and any subsequent dividends or dividend equivalent payments, and the receipt of any proceeds in connection with the Award(s) may result in legal or regulatory requirements in some jurisdictions. I understand and agree that it is my responsibility to ensure that I comply with any legal or regulatory requirements in respect of the Award(s). 
 10. I confirm that I have filed all tax returns that I am required to file and paid all taxes I am required to pay with respect to awards previously granted to me by the Firm, and I agree, with respect to both the Award(s) as well as awards previously granted to me by the Firm, to file all tax returns I am required to file in connection with the Award(s) and any sales of any Shares or other property delivered pursuant to the Award(s) and to pay all taxes I am required to pay. 
 11. The goodwill associated with the relationships between the Firm and its clients and prospective clients is a valuable asset of the Firm that is built and preserved through the combined services and efforts of the Firm and all of its personnel. The Firm provides its employees with a unique platform of financial products and services, confidential and proprietary information, professional training, access to specialized expertise, research, analytical, operational, and business development support, travel and entertainment expenses and other valuable resources to build and enhance the goodwill associated with the relationships between the Firm and its clients, as well as to foster and establish such relationships with prospective clients. Accordingly, I acknowledge and agree that (i) because the Firm contributes valuable resources to build and enhance client relationships, including those for which I provide services, it has a legitimate and essential business interest in protecting the goodwill associated with those relationships (ii) by my continued employment, I confirm that I have assigned and will assign to the Firm all goodwill I have developed or will develop with persons or entities with whom I interact while at the Firm and or who are or will become clients or prospective clients of the Firm in connection with my employment with the Firm, even if I did business with such persons or entities prior to joining the Firm and (iii) while at the Firm I do not have and will not acquire any property, proprietary, contractual or other legal right or interest whatsoever in or to any client or prospective client with whom I interact or conduct business while employed by the Firm or (except to the extent otherwise provided in a written agreement between the Firm and me that governs my compensation) to any current or prospective revenues associated with such client or prospective client (all such interests being referred to herein as Intangible Interests ). For the avoidance of doubt, I am hereby assigning all Intangible Interests to the Firm. I acknowledge and agree that my compensation during the term of my employment with the Firm is adequate financial consideration in this regard, and that no further consideration is necessary (including in respect of obligations applicable to me after my employment with the Firm has ended). 
 12. I understand and agree that the terms of any award granted to me under the SIP or any predecessor plan that provide for accelerated vesting, delivery or transferability as a result of Conflicted Employment (as defined in the applicable Award Agreement) may be limited to the extent prohibited by applicable law or regulation. 
 Data Collection, Processing and Transfers 
 Grantees residing outside of the European Economic Area EEA ), the United Kingdom UK and the PRC (defined below) If I am located outside of the EEA, the UK and the PRC, I consent to the processing of my personal data in accordance with the information set out below. 
 
 Grantees residing in the EEA or the UK If I am located in the EEA or the UK, my personal data will be processed in accordance with the information set out below and in the GS HCM Fair Processing Notice which can be found at http www.goldmansachs.com notices hcm-fpn.html. In the event of any inconsistency, the GS HCM Fair Processing Notice shall prevail over this section. 
 
 Grantees residing in the People s Republic of China PRC (which, for the purpose of this section, excludes Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan) If I am located in the PRC, I give my consent to the processing of my personal data as follows by signing this Signature Card 
 
 The Firm will process my personal data as set out in this section. I consent to such use. 
 The Firm will process and retain my sensitive personal data as set out in this section and underlined. I consent to such use. 

The Firm will transfer my personal data to third parties within the PRC, as described by this section and the hyperlinks within it. I consent to such transfers. 
 The Firm will transfer my personal data to third parties outside the PRC, as described by this section and the hyperlinks within it. I consent to such transfers. 
 --- 
 For All Grantees 
 In connection with the SIP and any equity-based award under the SIP, including your Award(s) (collectively, the Program to the extent permitted under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction, the Firm may process (including, where applicable, collecting, transferring transmitting internationally and or domestically, disclosing, using and storing) various data that is personal to me, and my data might be deemed sensitive personal data in certain jurisdictions, including but not limited to my name, address, work location, hire date, Social Security or Social Insurance or taxpayer identification number (as required for tax purposes), type and amount of SIP or other benefit plan award , other compensation-related data, citizenship or residency (required for tax purposes) and other similar information reasonably necessary for the administration of the Program (collectively referred to as Information and provide such Information to its affiliates, Computershare Limited and its affiliates (collectively Computershare and Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC, Fidelity Personal Trust Company, FSB and any of their affiliates (collectively Fidelity or any other service provider that assists in the administration of the Program (e.g., brokerage, custody and nominee services), whether in the United States or elsewhere, as is reasonably necessary for the administration of the Program and under the laws of these jurisdictions. In certain circumstances and subject to any applicable restrictions regarding cross-border data transfers in the jurisdiction where you reside, where required by law, foreign courts, law enforcement agencies or regulatory agencies may be entitled to access the Information. Unless I explicitly authorize otherwise, the Firm, its affiliates and its service providers (through their respective employees in charge of the relevant electronic and manual processing) will process this Information only for purposes of administering the Program. In the United States and in other countries to which such Information may be transferred for the administration of the Program, the level of data protection may not be equivalent to data protection standards in the member states of the EEA, Switzerland, New Zealand, Canada or certain Canadian provinces or my home country and U.S. public authorities may potentially access such Information. If I am employed in Argentina, the PRC, Peru or Turkey, I have also read the text in bold in the respective Argentina, the PRC, Peru and Turkey legal notices below (the Argentina Clause , the PRC Clause , the Peru Clause or the Turkey Clause in conjunction with this Data Collection, Processing and Transfers section, and I acknowledge that such text forms part of this section and that in the event of any inconsistency the Argentina Clause, PRC Clause, Peru Clause or Turkey Clause, as applicable, shall prevail over this section. Upon request to Equity Compensation (division of HCM), 200 West Street, 19 th Floor, New York, NY 10282, telephone (212) 357-1444, email EquityCompensation ny.email.gs.com, to the extent required under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction, I may have access to and obtain communication of the Information and may exercise any of my rights in respect of such Information, in each case free of charge, including objecting to any type of processing of the Information and requesting that the Information be updated or corrected (if wrong), completed or clarified (if incomplete or equivocal), or erased (if it cannot legally be collected or kept). Upon request, to the extent required 

- 3- 

under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction, a team member or representative of Equity Compensation (division of HCM) will also provide me, free of charge, with (i) written information about the Firm s policies and practices with respect to service providers outside of my jurisdiction, including a list of all the service providers used in connection with the Program at the time of request and or (ii) answers to my questions about the processing of my Information by service providers or affiliates outside of my jurisdiction. There is no legal obligation for me to provide the Firm with the Information and any Information is provided at my own will and consent. If I refuse to authorize the processing of the Information consistent with the above, I may not benefit from the Program. The processing of the Information will be consistent with the above for the period of administration of the Program. In particular (within the limits described above) (i) the Firm will process data (Firm means GS Inc. and any of its subsidiaries and affiliates) (ii) Fidelity or Computershare will process data (iii) the Firm s other service providers will process data and (iv) data will be transferred to the United States and other countries, as described above for the purposes set forth herein. A list of the Firm s international offices and countries to which data that is personal to me can be transferred is set forth at http www2.goldmansachs.com who-we-are locations index.html. The Information may be retained by the aforementioned persons beyond the period of administration of the Program to the extent permitted under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction. 
 
 Other Legal Notices 
 By accepting (whether expressly or by implication) any benefit granted to me by the Firm, including, without limitation, my Award(s), I acknowledge and agree to each of the following 
 No Public Offer Awards under the SIP and the Firm s other compensation and benefit programs are strictly limited to eligible participants and are not intended to constitute a public offer in any jurisdiction, nor intended for registration in any jurisdiction outside of the United States. I must keep all Award-related documents confidential and I may not reproduce, distribute or otherwise make public any part of such documents without the Firm s express written consent. If I have received any such documents and I am not the intended recipient, I will disregard and destroy them. 
 Transferability Any provisions permitting transfers to a third party in the Award documents will not apply to me (i) to the extent that the applicability of those provisions would affect the availability of relevant exemptions or tax favorable treatment, or (ii) otherwise in circumstances determined by the Firm in its sole discretion from time to time. 
 Adequate Information I acknowledge that (i) I have been provided with all relevant information and materials with respect to the Firm s operations and financial conditions and the terms and conditions of my Award(s), (ii) I have read and understood such information and materials, (iii) I am fully aware and knowledgeable of the terms and conditions of my Award(s), and (iv) I completely and voluntarily agree to the terms and conditions of my Award(s). 
 
 Independent Advice Recommended The information provided by the Firm or its service providers in respect of an Award does not take into account the individual circumstances of recipients and does not constitute legal, investment or tax advice. Awards under the SIP involve certain risks and I should exercise caution. The Firm recommends that I consult my own independent legal, investment and tax advisors in all cases, and I acknowledge that I am provided with adequate opportunity to do so. 
 Share Price and Currency Risks There is a risk that Shares may fall as well as rise in value. Market forces will impact the price of Shares and, in the worst case, the market value of the Shares may become zero. If the Shares are traded in a currency which is not the currency in my jurisdiction, the value of the Shares to me may also be affected by movements in the exchange rate. The Firm is not liable for any loss due to movements in the price of Shares or any applicable exchange rate. 
 
 No Employer Involvement Except to the extent required by applicable law, all Awards are offered, issued and administered by GS Inc., a Delaware corporation, and my employer (if it is not GS Inc.) is not involved in the grant of my Award(s) or any other GS Inc. equity compensation. All documents related to the Awards, including the SIP, the Award Agreement, this Signature Card, the Language Notice for Equity Awards and the link by which I access these documents, are originated and maintained in the United States. 

No Effect on Employment-Related Rights Any compensation I receive (even on a regular and repeated basis) in connection with the SIP is discretionary and does not constitute part of my base or normal salary or wages. It does not affect my rights and obligations under the terms of my employment and it will not be taken into account (except to the extent otherwise required by applicable law) in determining any other employment-related rights I may have, including, without limitation, rights in relation to severance, redundancy or end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits. In particular, I waive any and all rights to compensation or damages in consequence of the termination of my employment for any reason whatsoever insofar as those rights arise or may arise from me ceasing to have rights under, or be entitled to receive payment in respect of, the SIP, or from the loss or diminution in value of such rights, as a result of such termination. This waiver applies whether or not such termination amounts to wrongful or unfair dismissal. 
 
 No Additional Entitlements The grant of an Award is strictly discretionary and voluntary. Neither this Award (even if grants are made to me under the SIP on a regular and repeated basis) nor my employment contract implies any expectation or right in relation to (i) the grant of any award under the SIP or similar compensation in the future, (ii) the terms, conditions and amount of any award under the SIP or similar compensation that the Firm may decide to grant in the future, or (iii) continued employment or engagement. 
 Severability Unless another result is specifically provided for in an agreement to the contrary, if any provision (in whole or in part) of this Signature Card, the other Award documents, or any other document you execute as part of accepting the Award(s) (including but not limited to the Arbitration of Claims agreement) is to any extent illegal, otherwise invalid, or incapable of being enforced, that provision will be excluded to the extent (only) of such invalidity or unenforceability. All other provisions will remain in full effect and, to the extent possible, the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed replaced by a provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of such invalid or unenforceable provision. 
 
 Country-Specific Legal Notices I have read the country-specific legal notices below that pertain to my place of employment and or residence (and also the location of my employer, if different), if any, and understand that they apply throughout the term of my Award(s). 
 NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION RESTRICTIONS FOR EMPLOYEES PROVIDING SERVICES IN ASIA 
 In addition to and without limiting any provisions in the SIP or the applicable Award Agreement(s) (including without limitation the Award vesting, delivery, forfeiture, termination or repayment provisions) unless provided otherwise in these Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Restrictions for Employees Providing Services in Asia (the Restrictions ), if I am providing services to the Firm in Asia, in view of my importance to the Firm, I hereby agree to and acknowledge the following 
 (a) I hereby agree that the Firm would likely suffer significant harm if I associate with a Covered Enterprise during my employment and for some period of time after my employment ends. Accordingly, I hereby agree that I will not, without the written consent of the Firm, during the Restricted Period in the Geographic Area 
 (i) form, or acquire a 5 or greater equity ownership, voting or profit participation interest in, any Covered Enterprise or 
 (ii) associate (including, but not limited to, association as an officer, employee, partner, director, consultant, agent or advisor) with any Covered Enterprise and in connection with such association engage in, or directly or indirectly manage or supervise personnel engaged in, any activity 
 A. which is similar or substantially related to any activity in which I was engaged, in whole or in part, at the Firm, 
 B. for which I had direct or indirect managerial or supervisory responsibility at the Firm, or 
 C. which calls for the application of the same or similar specialized knowledge or skills as those utilized by me in my activities with the Firm, 
 each such activity being determined with reference to the one-year period immediately prior to the end of the Asia Service Period, and, in each such case, irrespective of the purpose of the activity or whether the activity is or was in furtherance of advisory, agency, proprietary or fiduciary business of the Firm or the Covered Enterprise. 
 (By way of example only, this provision precludes an advisory investment banker from joining a leveraged-buyout firm, a research analyst from becoming a proprietary trader or joining a hedge fund, or an information systems professional from joining a management or other consulting firm and providing information technology consulting services or advice to any Covered Enterprise, in each case without the written consent of the Firm.) 
 (b) I hereby agree that during the Restricted Period, I will not, in any manner, directly or indirectly, (1) Solicit a Client to transact business with a Covered Enterprise or to reduce or refrain from doing any business with the Firm, or (2) interfere with or damage (or attempt to interfere with or damage) any relationship between the Firm and a Client. 

- 4- 

(c) I hereby agree that during the Restricted Period, I will not, in any manner, directly or indirectly 
 (i) Solicit any Selected Firm Personnel to resign from the Firm 
 (ii) Solicit any Selected Firm Personnel to apply for or accept employment (or other association) with any person or entity other than the Firm or 
 (iii) participate in the hiring of any Selected Firm Personnel (whether as an employee, consultant or otherwise) by any person or entity other than the Firm, including, without limitation, participating in the identification of individuals for potential hire, and participating in any hiring decision. 
 I acknowledge and agree that I will be presumed to have violated this provision if, during the Restricted Period, any Selected Firm Personnel are Solicited or hired by any entity where I have, or will have, direct or indirect managerial responsibility for such Selected Firm Personnel provided, however, that if I demonstrate to the Firm s reasonable satisfaction that I was not involved in the solicitation or the hiring of the Selected Firm Personnel, I will not be presumed to have violated this Section (c). 
 (d) I acknowledge and agree that these Restrictions form part of my terms and conditions of employment. I also acknowledge and agree that these Restrictions supersede any part of any other agreement (which, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes the SIP and the Award Agreement(s)), written or oral, that I am subject to in respect of the same subject matter unless I am notified in writing to the contrary. 
 (e) Prior to accepting employment with any other person or entity during the Restricted Period, I will provide any prospective employer with written notice of the Restrictions with a copy containing the prospective employer s name and contact information delivered simultaneously to the Firm. 
 (f) I understand that the Restrictions may limit my ability to earn a livelihood in a business similar to the business of the Firm. I acknowledge that a violation on my part of any of the Restrictions would cause immeasurable and irreparable damage to the Firm. Accordingly, I agree that the Firm will be entitled to injunctive relief in any court of competent jurisdiction for any actual or threatened violation of any of the Restrictions in addition to any other remedies it or they may have. In the event that I violate any of the Restrictions, I acknowledge that the Restricted Period shall automatically be extended by the period of time that I was in violation of the said Restriction(s). I also acknowledge that a violation of any of the Restrictions would constitute my failure to meet an obligation I have under an agreement between me and the Firm that was entered into in connection with my employment with the Firm, may be detrimental to the Firm and would constitute Cause for purposes of any equity-based awards granted to me by the Firm and will result in my forfeiting such equity-based awards. 
 (g) If any provision (or part of a provision) of the Restrictions is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable (whether in whole or in part), such clause or provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law given the intent of the parties hereto. If such clause or provision cannot be so enforced, such clause or provision shall be stricken from the Restrictions, and the remainder of these Restrictions shall be enforced as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable clause or provision had (to the extent not enforceable) never been contained in the Restrictions. 
 (h) The promises contained in the Restrictions are provided by me for the benefit of each Firm entity and I acknowledge and agree that each such entity may independently enforce the Restrictions against me. Any benefit that I give or am deemed to have given by virtue of the Restrictions is received jointly and severally by each Firm entity (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Firm entity to which I provide services from time to time). 
 (i) For the purposes of the Restrictions, GS Inc. enters into the SIP and Award Agreement(s) applicable to me in connection with the Award(s) in its own capacity and as agent for each other Firm entity. The consideration for the promises in these Restrictions is given to me by GS Inc. on its own behalf and on behalf of each other Firm entity (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Firm entity to which I provide services from time to time). 
 (j) I acknowledge that the Restrictions set out in this clause are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the legitimate interests of the Firm, and that, having regard to those interests, such restrictions do not impose an unreasonable burden on me. 
 (k) The Restrictions shall remain in full force and effect and survive the termination of my employment for any reason whatsoever. 
 (l) If I am subject to the Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement for Select Employees in the Global Banking and Markets Division, or a Managing Director subject to a Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Managing Director Agreement, the Restrictions shall not apply to me. 
 (m) If I am a Private Wealth Management employee subject to an Employee Agreement Regarding Confidential and Proprietary Information and Materials and Non-Solicitation, I will be subject to the restrictions contained in clause (a) of the Restrictions but will not be subject to the restrictions contained in clauses (b) and (c) of the Restrictions. Nothing in the Restrictions will affect the operation of the Employee Agreement Regarding Confidential and Proprietary Information and Materials and Non-Solicitation. 
 (n) For the purposes of the Restrictions only, the following terms have the following meanings 
 Asia means each state and territory in Australia, Brunei, Hong Kong SAR, India, Indonesia, Japan, Korea, Labuan, Macau SAR, Malaysia, Mongolia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, the Philippines, the PRC, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam. 

Asia Service Period means the period during which I am located in Asia and contracted to provide services to a member of the Firm in Asia. For the avoidance of doubt, the Asia Service Period does not end when I transfer to another member of the Firm in Asia. 
 Client means any client or prospective client of the Firm (i) to whom I provided services at any time during the one year period immediately prior to the end of the Asia Service Period, or (ii) for whom I transacted business or solicited at any time during the one year period immediately prior to the end of the Asia Service Period, or (iii) whose identity became known to me in connection with my employment by the Firm at any time during the one year period immediately prior to the end of the Asia Service Period. 
 Covered Enterprise has the same meaning contained in the Award Agreement(s) applicable to my Award(s). 
 Effective Date means (i) if the termination is for Cause or Extended Absence (both as defined in the Award Agreement(s) applicable to my Award(s)), the date on which such termination occurs or (ii) if I repudiate my employment contract, the date of repudiation as determined by the Firm (as applicable) or (iii) if I fail to return to work on the agreed date from an unpaid leave of absence, the day after I was due to return to work. 
 Firm has the same meaning contained in the Award Agreement(s) applicable to my Award(s). 
 Geographic Area means (i) the jurisdiction in Asia in which I am located as of the date of execution of the Signature Card and or (ii) any other jurisdiction in Asia in relation to which I have substantial product and or geographical market responsibilities in the one year period immediately prior to the end of the Asia Service Period and or (iii) any other jurisdiction in Asia in relation to which I have substantial employee managerial responsibilities in the one year period immediately prior to the end of the Asia Service Period and or (iv) any other jurisdiction in Asia in relation to which I provided services in the one year period immediately prior to the end of the Asia Service Period. 
 PRC means, for the purpose of the Restrictions, the People s Republic of China, excluding Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan. 
 Restricted Period means (i) in the event of the termination of my employment with the Firm in Asia, the Asia Service Period including any notice period applicable under the Notice Policy or, in the event I repudiate my notice requirement or exercise any statutory right to shorten the notice period or if my employment is terminated without notice or if the Firm elects to shorten the notice period in whole or in part with or without pay in lieu for any period of notice that has been waived or reduced, the Asia Service Period and the period of time equivalent to my notice requirement commencing from the Effective Date or (ii) in the event of my employment with the Firm in Asia ending by reason of the transfer of my employment to another member of the Firm outside Asia, the Asia Service Period and the period of time equivalent to my notice requirement commencing from the conclusion of the Asia Service Period or (iii) in the event of the termination of my secondment to the Firm in Asia and assignment or transfer of my employment to another member of the Firm outside Asia, the Asia Service Period and the period of time equivalent to my notice requirement commencing from the conclusion of the Asia Service Period. 
 Restrictions means the non-competition and non-solicitation restrictions for employees providing services in Asia as set out in (a) to (o) of this section of the Signature Card. 
 Selected Firm Personnel means any individual 
 (i) who at any point in the 12 months preceding the conduct prohibited by (c) of this section of the Signature Card was a Firm employee or consultant and 
 (ii) (a) with whom I have personally worked at any point during my employment with the Firm (b) who, on or at any time during the 12-month period immediately prior to the end of the Asia Service Period, worked in the same division(s) in which I worked or (c) who holds or has ever held the title of Advisory Director, Managing Director, or Senior Advisor of the Firm. 
 Solicit has the same meaning contained in the Award Agreement(s) applicable to my Award(s). 
 (o) Notwithstanding paragraph 1 of this Signature Card, the Restrictions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which I am located and providing services to the Firm at the date of execution of the Signature Card. If I am located and providing services to the Firm in a state or territory in Australia, the laws of the jurisdiction shall be New South Wales. Notwithstanding paragraph 1, any Firm entity (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Firm entity to which I provide services from time to time) may at any time elect to enforce the Restrictions in any competent court of any jurisdiction determined by such entity . 
 FOR EMPLOYEES IN CERTAIN EUROPEAN UNION JURISDICTIONS (BELGIUM, CZECH REPUBLIC, DENMARK, FRANCE, GERMANY, GREECE, IRELAND, ITALY, LUXEMBOURG, SPAIN AND SWEDEN) 

- 5- 

You are being offered Award(s) under the SIP in order to provide an additional incentive and to encourage employee share ownership and to increase your interest in GS Inc. s success. The Award(s) are offered to you by GS Inc. in accordance with the terms of the SIP which are summarized in the Award Summary. Further details on the rights attaching to your Award(s) can be found in the Award Summary. More information about GS Inc. is available at www.gs.com . 
 
 The shares subject to the Award(s) are new or existing ordinary shares in GS Inc. and information on the total maximum number of shares which can be offered under the SIP rules can be found in the section entitled Shares Available for Awards in the SIP. The obligation to publish a prospectus does not apply because of Article 1(4)(i) of the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017 1129 . 
 
 If applicable, you should also refer to any additional specific notices below in relation to these jurisdictions. 
 
 FOR ARGENTINA EMPLOYEES ONLY 
 Your Award(s) are being offered to you in your capacity as an employee of the Firm and not aimed at the general public. By receiving and accepting your Award(s), you are deemed to (i) acknowledge that the Firm has not made, and will not make, any application to obtain an authorization from the National Securities Commission Comisi n Nacional de Valores) for the public offering of the underlying Shares in Argentina, or otherwise taken any action that would permit a public offering of the underlying Shares in Argentina within the meaning of Argentine Capital Markets Law No. 26,831, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (the CML and of the Argentine Securities Exchange Commission General Resolution No. 622 2013, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, and ancillary regulations (ii) acknowledge that the Argentine Securities Exchange Commission has not approved the offering of the underlying Shares nor any document relating to its offering and (iii) agree that you will not sell or offer to sell any Shares acquired upon settlement of your Award(s) in Argentina other than pursuant to transactions that would not qualify as a public offering under Section 2 of the CML. 
 
 The Award documents are being delivered to you in your capacity as an employee of the Firm. Accordingly, receipt and acceptance of the Award documents constitute your agreement that the information contained in the Award documents may not be (i) reproduced or used, in whole or in part, for any purpose whatsoever other than as a representation of your holding of your Award, or (ii) furnished to or discussed with any person (other than your personal advisors on a confidential basis) without the express written permission of GS Inc. 
 
 You acknowledge that the Access to Public Information Agency, as the enforcing authority of Act 25.326, has the power to attend the reports and claims from those who are affected in their rights consequence of non-fulfilment of data protection provisions. (La Agencia de Acceso a la Informaci n P blica, en su car cter de rgano de Control de la Ley N 25.326, tiene la atribuci n de atender las denuncias y reclamos que interpongan quienes resulten afectados en sus derechos por incumplimiento de las normas vigentes en materia de protecci n de datos personales.) 
 
 Additional data protection information for Argentina employees (which should be read in conjunction with, and forms part of, the Data Collection, Processing and Transfers section above) 
 
 You understand that your data may be stored in a database duly registered with the Argentine National Data Protection Agency, under the name and responsibility of GS Inc. or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates. 
 
 FOR AUSTRALIA EMPLOYEES ONLY 
 Offers under the SIP are made under Division 1A of Part 7.12 of the Corporations Act. 
 
 GS Inc. undertakes that it will, within a reasonable period of you so requesting and at no charge, provide you with a copy of the rules of the SIP. The market price of a Share can be accessed at the following link https www.nyse.com index . The Australian dollar equivalent of that market price can be ascertained by applying the prevailing USD AUD exchange rate published by the Reserve Bank of Australia, which can be accessed at the following link http www.rba.gov.au statistics frequency exchange-rates.html . 
 
 Any advice given by GS Inc. in connection with the SIP is general advice only. The documentation does not take into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular person. Before acting on the information contained in the documentation, or making a decision to participate, you should consider obtaining your own financial product advice from a person who is licensed by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) to give such advice. 
 
 Throughout the period in which you hold a dividend equivalent right you may obtain copies of all information filed by GS Inc. with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) which is accessible by GS Inc. s shareholders and the general public shareholder information by going to the SEC s website (https www.sec.gov) or to the GS Inc. website www.gs.com ), and at http www.goldmansachs.com investor-relations financials . You should be aware that shareholder information can affect the value of your dividend equivalent rights from time to time. 
 
 The actual value you receive in respect of the Shares acquired by you will depend on the number of Shares you receive, the market value of a Share, the value of any dividend and dividend equivalent payments made in respect of a Share, and the USD AUD exchange rate. 
 
 There are risks associated with an investment in Shares and the value of any Shares you receive may be less than the value of those Shares today. Some of those risks are specific to GS Inc. s business activities while others are of a more 

general nature. For more detail on those risks, please refer to GS Inc. s most recent annual report. Individually or in combination, those risks may affect the value of Shares. 
 
 FOR BRAZIL EMPLOYEES ONLY 
 The Award(s) referred to in this document and the underlying Shares have not been and will not be publicly issued, placed, distributed, offered or negotiated in the Brazilian capital markets and, as a result, will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities Commission Comiss o de Valores Mobili rios ). The Award(s) and the underlying Shares will not be offered or sold in Brazil under any circumstances that constitute a public offering, placement, distribution or negotiation under the Brazilian capital markets regulation. 
 
 By accepting the Award(s), you agree and acknowledge that (i) neither your employer nor any person or entity acting on behalf of your employer has provided you with financial advice with respect to your Award(s) or the Shares acquired upon settlement of your Award(s) and (ii) your employer does not guarantee a specified level of return on your Award(s) or the Shares. 
 
 FOR CHILE EMPLOYEES ONLY 
 By accepting the Signature Card connected to your Award, you acknowledge that this legend applies to all Award-related documents and communications. 
 
 General Warning 
 Neither GS Inc., the SIP nor the Shares have been registered in the Registro de Valores (Securities Registry) or in the Registro de Valores Extranjeros (Foreign Securities Registry) of the Comisi n para el Mercado Financiero (Chilean Commission for the Financial Market or CMF) and they are not subject to the control of the CMF. If such securities are offered within Chile, they will be offered and sold only pursuant to Norma de Car cter General 336 (General Regulation 336) of the CMF, an exemption to the registration requirements, or in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of securities in Chile within the meaning of Article 4 of the Chilean Securities Market Law 18,045. As the Shares are not registered, the issuer has no obligation under Chilean law to deliver public information regarding the Shares in Chile. The Shares shall not be subject to public offering in Chile unless they are registered in the Foreign Securities Registry of the CMF. The commencement date of the offer is the date of the email in which the Award documents (including this Signature Card) were first communicated to you. 
 
 Statement by Investors (Grantees) 
 Pursuant to General Regulation 336 (as amended), you are required to inform GS Inc. whether or not you are a Qualified Investor as defined in Norma de Car cter General 216 (General Regulation 216) of the CMF. By accepting the Signature Card connected to your Award, you state to GS Inc. that you are not a Qualified Investor, or if you are a Qualified Investor, that you have provided a separate statement acknowledging this to GS Inc. (please note that any such statement may be emailed to GS Inc. at EquityCompensation ny.email.gs.com). By accepting the Signature Card connected to your Award, you further state to GS Inc. that you acknowledge 
 
 (i) that the securities acquired in connection with the SIP will not be registered in the CMF Securities Registry or Foreign Securities Registry and, therefore, such securities may not be publicly offered in Chile and 
 
 (ii) that since GS Inc. is not registered in the registries kept by the CMF, GS Inc. will not be subject to the CMF s oversight nor to the ongoing disclosure obligations imposed by the law and regulation on registered issuers. 
 
 Accessibility of Award Documents 
 The Firm undertakes to provide you with a copy of the key documents pertaining to your Award in a form that remains accessible even if your employment is terminated. 
 
 S LO PARA EMPLEADOS DE CHILE 
 
 Al aceptar la Signature Card relacionada con su plan, usted reconoce que esta leyenda se aplica a todos los documentos y comunicaciones relacionados con el SIP. 
 
 Advertencia General 
 Ni GS Inc., ni el SIP, ni las Acciones, han sido registradas en el Registro de Valores o Registro de Valores Extranjeros que lleva la Comisi n para el Mercado Financiero CMF y ninguno de ellos est sujeto a la fiscalizaci n de la CMF. Si dichos valores son ofrecidos dentro de Chile, ser n ofrecidos y colocados s lo de acuerdo a la Norma de Car cter General 336 de la CMF, una excepci n a la obligaci n de registro, o en circunstancias que no constituyan una oferta p blica de valores en Chile seg n lo definido por el Art culo 4 de la Ley 18.045 de Mercado de Valores de Chile. Por tratarse de valores no inscritos, el emisor de las Acciones no tiene obligaci n bajo la ley chilena de entregar en Chile informaci n p blica acerca de las Acciones. Las Acciones no pueden ser ofrecidas p blicamente en Chile en tanto stas no se registren en el Registro de Valores Extranjeros de la CMF. Se informa que la fecha de inicio de la presente oferta es la fecha del correo electr nico en el que se le comunicaron por primera vez los documentos del Premio (incluida esta Signature Card). 

- 6- 

Declaraci n de los Inversionistas (Destinatarios) 
 De conformidad con la Norma de Car cter General N 336 (modificada), se requiere que usted informe a GS Inc. si califica como Inversionista Calificado en los t rminos de la Norma de Car cter General N 216 de la CMF. Por medio de la aceptaci n de la Signature Card referida a su Plan, usted declara a GS Inc, que no califica como Inversionista Calificado , o que si califica como Inversionista Calificado , usted ha enviado por separado una declaraci n reconociendo dicha circunstancia a GS Inc. (favor tenga en cuenta que cualquier declaraci n puede ser enviada a GS Inc., al correo EquityCompensation ny.email.gs.com). Por medio de la aceptaci n de la Signature Card referida a su plan, usted declara a GS Inc, que est en conocimiento de que 
 
 (i) los valores adquiridos en conexi n con el SIP no estar n inscritos en el Registro de Valores o en el Registro de Valores Extranjeros de la CMF y, por lo tanto, dichos valores no podr n ser p blicamente ofrecidos en Chile y 
 
 (ii) dado que GS Inc. no est inscrita en los registros mantenidos por la CMF, GS Inc. no estar sujeta a la fiscalizaci n de la CMF ni a las obligaciones de informaci n continua impuestas por la ley y la regulaci n a los emisores inscritos. 
 
 Accesibilidad a los Documentos del Plan 
 La empresa se obliga a entregarle una copia de los documentos clave relativos al plan de forma tal que permanezcan accesibles a usted incluso luego de terminada su relaci n laboral con sta. 
 
 FOR THE PEOPLE S REPUBLIC OF CHINA EMPLOYEES ONLY 
 All documentation in relation to the Award(s) is intended for your personal use and in your capacity as an employee of the Firm (and or its affiliate) and is being given to you solely for the purpose of providing you with information concerning the Award(s) which the Firm may grant to you as an employee of the Firm (and or its affiliate) in accordance with the terms of the SIP, this documentation and the applicable Award Agreement(s). The grant of the Award(s) has not been and will not be registered with the China Securities Regulatory Commission of the People s Republic of China pursuant to relevant securities laws and regulations, and the Award(s) may not be offered or sold within the mainland of the People s Republic of China by means of any of the documentation in relation to the Award(s) through a public offering or in circumstances which require a registration or approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission of the People s Republic of China in accordance with the relevant securities laws and regulations. 
 
 You agree that notwithstanding anything to the contrary under the SIP or the Award Agreement(s), the Award(s) may be settled in cash in Renminbi or such other currency, payable by your employing entity in the mainland of the People s Republic of China or such other entity, in each case, as may be determined by the Firm in its sole discretion. 
 
 Additional data protection information for the People s Republic of China employees (which should be read in conjunction with, and forms part of, the Data Collection, Processing and Transfers section above) 
 
 You have the ability to request the name, contact information, processing purpose and processing methods for any onshore data controller to which the Firm discloses your personal data in connection with your Award. You also have the ability to request the information listed in the preceding sentence, as well as information on the procedures that you may follow to exercise your data rights, in relation to any foreign party to which the Firm discloses your personal data in connection with your Award. The Firm will respond to any such request by you as soon as is reasonably practicable for the Firm. 
 
 FOR FRANCE EMPLOYEES ONLY 
 The provisions of the Award Agreement will apply only in respect of the year to which the Award Agreement relates and will not in any circumstances create any right or entitlement to you for any future fiscal years. 
 
 If you are eligible for Foreign Travel Premium FTP payments, by accepting the Award(s) you agree to the terms set out in the memorandum issued to FTP-eligible employees in February 2024 entitled Update of the terms of the Foreign Travel Premium calculation with effect from 1 January 2024. 
 
 POUR LES SALARIES EN FRANCE 
 
 Les dispositions relatives la Convention d Attribution s'appliquent uniquement l'ann e concern e par la Convention d Attribution et ne cr ent en aucun cas un droit s'agissant des ann es fiscales venir. 
 
 Si vous tes ligible la Prime d Expatriation (FTP) relative vos d placements professionnels l tranger, en acceptant la pr sente Attribution, vous acceptez les dispositions figurant dans la note interne envoy e aux salari s ligibles la Prime d Expatriation en f vrier 2024 avec prise d effet au 1 er janvier 2024 et intitul e Mise jour des modalit s de calcul de la Prime d Expatriation . 
 
 FOR GSAM BV GSAM BELGIUM SA GS TFI SA EMPLOYEES ONLY 
 The provisions of paragraph 2 above relating to the Notice Policy will not apply in respect of your employment if you are employed on the date of grant by Goldman Sachs Asset Management B.V. in Belgium, Czechia, France, Romania or the United Kingdom, Goldman Sachs Asset Management Belgium S.A. or Goldman 

Sachs Towarzystwo Funduszy Inwestycyjnych S.A. provided however, that any notice requirement under local law or a written contract with the Firm remains enforceable according to its terms. 
 
 FOR HONG KONG EMPLOYEES ONLY 
 WARNING 
 
 The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to this Award(s). If you are in doubt about any of the contents of this document, you should obtain independent professional advice. 
 
 This document has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus in Hong Kong under the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap 32) nor has it been authorised by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong pursuant to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571) of the Laws of Hong Kong. This document does not constitute an offer or invitation to the public in Hong Kong to acquire any securities nor an advertisement of securities in Hong Kong. This document is distributed on a confidential basis. 
 
 By accepting the Award(s), you acknowledge and agree that you will not be permitted to transfer awards to persons who fall outside the definition of qualifying persons in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap 32) (i.e. a person who is neither a current or former director, employee, officer or consultant of the Firm, nor your wife, husband, widow, widower, child or step-child under the age of 18 years, or as otherwise defined), even if otherwise permitted under the SIP or any of the related documents. 
 
 FOR INDIA EMPLOYEES ONLY 
 
 The Award documents (including any related website) do not invite offers from the public for subscription or purchase of the securities of any body corporate under any law for the time being in force in India. The documents are not a prospectus under the applicable laws for the time being in force in India. GS Inc. does not intend to market, promote, invite offers for subscription or purchase of the securities of any body corporate by these documents. The information provided in the documents is for the record only. Any person who subscribes or purchases securities of any body corporate should consult their own investment advisors before making any investments. GS Inc. shall not be liable or responsible for any such investment decision made by any person. 
 
 FOR INDONESIA EMPLOYEES ONLY 
 
 The Awards do not constitute an offer or sale of securities in Indonesia and are being granted to fewer than 51 individuals in Indonesia. 

FOR NEW ZEALAND EMPLOYEES ONLY 
 
 GS Inc. is offering you an Award(s) under the SIP in reliance upon clause 8 of Schedule 1 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (offers under employee share purchase schemes) Exclusion ). In accordance with the requirements of the Exclusion, the following information has been made available to you 
 
 1. GS Inc. s most recent annual report via https www.goldmansachs.com investor-relations index.html. 
 2. The SIP documentation (which constitutes the current rules of the employee share purchase scheme for the purposes of the Exclusion) on https hcm.web.gs.com newaward . 
 3. A copy of the Award Agreement on https hcm.web.gs.com newaward . 
 4. GS Inc. s most recent published audited and unaudited financial statements on https www.goldmansachs.com investor-relations financials index.html . 
 5. A copy of the auditor s report on the above financial statements (if any) at https www.goldmansachs.com investor-relations financials index.html . 
 
 You may obtain a copy of the documents listed above by electronic means from the internet site addresses given in each case. You may request hard copies of the documents listed above free of charge from Head of Securities Compliance Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd. 
 
 For further information, including the form, dividend payments, vesting, delivery, and transfer restrictions of the Awards, please refer to the documents listed above. 
 
 Warning 
 
 The Award(s) is an offer of Shares (although the Award may in limited circumstances be settled in cash or other property). The Shares give you a stake in the ownership of GS Inc. You may receive a return if dividends are paid. 
 
 If GS Inc. runs into financial difficulties and is wound up, you will be paid only after all creditors and holders of any preference shares have been paid. You may lose some or all of your investment. 
 
 New Zealand law normally requires people who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This information is designed to help investors to make an informed decision. 
 
 The usual rules do not apply to this offer because it is made under an employee share purchase scheme. As a result, you may not be given all the information usually required. You will also have fewer other legal protections for this investment. 
 
 Ask questions, read all documents carefully, and seek independent financial advice before committing yourself. 

- 7- 

The Shares are quoted on a stock exchange. GS Inc. intends to quote these Shares on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). This means you may be able to sell them on the NYSE if there are interested buyers. You may get less than you invested. The price will depend on the demand for the Shares. 
 
 FOR PERU EMPLOYEES ONLY 
 If you are employed in Peru, the following statement is hereby made part of the SIP documents the Shares which may be issued upon settlement of your Award have not been registered with the Public Registry of the Securities Market administered by the Peruvian Securities Market Superintendence Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores SMV) and may not be offered or sold publicly in Peru. In addition, the contents of the SIP documents have not been reviewed by any Peruvian regulatory authority. 
 
 Additional data protection information for Peru employees (which should be read in conjunction with, and forms part of, the Data Collection, Processing and Transfers section above) 
 
 GS Inc., identified by Tax ID Number (EIN) No. 134019460, with registered office at 200 West Street, New York 10282 United States, will use, collect, transfer and store your following personal data for the purposes of administering the SIP name, address, work location, hire date, Social Security or Social Insurance or taxpayer identification number (required for tax purposes), type and amount of SIP or other benefit plan award, citizenship or residency (required for tax purposes) and other similar information. Your personal data is necessary for the administration of the SIP and so if you express your refusal to provide it, GS Inc. will not be able to administer the SIP in respect of your Award(s). Your personal data will be stored in a data bank owned by GS Inc., the identity and physical address of which can be obtained upon your request, for the period of administration of the SIP and potentially beyond that to the extent permitted under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction(s). Your personal data may be sent to GS Inc. affiliates (detailed at http www2.goldmansachs.com who-we-are locations index.html) and service providers (including Computershare Limited and its affiliates and Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC, Fidelity Personal Trust Company, FSB and any of their affiliates) whether in the United States or elsewhere, as is reasonably necessary for the administration of the SIP and under the laws of these jurisdictions. You may exercise your rights of access, rectification and cancellation by contacting Equity Compensation (division of HCM) at EquityCompensation ny.email.gs.com. 
 
 Informaci n adicional sobre protecci n de datos para los empleados de Per (que debe leerse junto con la secci n Recolecci n, el Tratamiento y la Transferencia de Datos anterior y forma parte de ella) 
 
 GS, Inc., identificado con el n mero de identificaci n fiscal (Employer Identification Number, EIN) No. 134019460, con domicilio legal en 200 West Street, New York 10282 Estados Unidos (en adelante, GS Incs. ), utilizar , recopilar , transferir y almacenar sus siguientes datos personales con el fin de administrar el Plan de Incentivos en Acciones Modificado y Reiterado de Goldman Sachs (en adelante, el Programa nombre, direcci n, lugar de trabajo, fecha de contrataci n, n mero de identificaci n de Seguridad Social, Seguro Social o de contribuyente (requeridos para efectos fiscales), tipo y cantidad del SIP u otras concesiones de planes de beneficios, ciudadan a o residencia (requeridos para efectos fiscales) y otros datos similares. Sus datos personales son necesarios para la ejecuci n del Programa por lo tanto, si usted manifiesta su negativa a proporcionarlos, Goldman Sachs no podr administrar dicho Programa con respecto a su Premio. Sus datos personales ser n almacenados en un banco de datos personales de propiedad de GS Inc., cuya identidad y direcci n f sica del mismo se le proporcionar a su requerimiento, durante el tiempo necesario para la administraci n del Programa y potencialmente durante m s tiempo para el cumplimiento de las obligaciones legales que establezca la regulaci n aplicable. Sus datos personales podr an ser enviados a las afiliadas de GS Inc., detalladas en https www.goldmansachs.com our-firm locations.html y a proveedores de servicios o encargados de tratamiento (incluyendo a Computershare Limited y sus filiales y Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC, Fidelity Personal Trust Company, FSB y cualquiera de sus filiales) ubicados en Estados Unidos de Am rica y en cualquier otro pa s ello en tanto sea razonablemente necesario para la administraci n del Programa y bajo las leyes de tales jurisdicciones. Podr ejercer sus derechos de acceso, rectificaci n y cancelaci n contactando a Equity Compensation (divisi n de HCM) a trav s del correo EquityCompensation ny.email.gs.com. 
 
 FOR RUSSIA EMPLOYEES ONLY 
 None of the information contained in this Signature Card or the documents that you received in electronic form (as listed in this Signature Card) constitutes an advertisement of the Award(s) in Russia and must not be passed on to third parties or otherwise be made publicly available in Russia. The Award(s) have not been and will not be registered in Russia and are not intended for placement or public circulation in Russia. 
 
 You understand and agree that the Firm may, in its sole discretion or where required by legal or regulatory requirements, grant Awards as cash-settled instruments or settle Awards in cash and that you will not have any rights to the Shares underlying your Award(s) (if any). Your Award(s) will remain subject to the terms and conditions contained in the SIP, the Award Agreement(s), and this Signature Card. 
 
 FOR SAUDI ARABIA EMPLOYEES ONLY 
 The SIP documents may not be distributed in the Kingdom except to such persons as are permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital Market Authority. The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness 

of the SIP documents, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of the SIP documents. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the securities. The informational materials prepared in connection with the SIP have been produced for information purposes only and are not intended to induce investment. If you do not understand the contents of the SIP documents you should consult an authorized financial adviser. 
 
 FOR SINGAPORE EMPLOYEES ONLY 
 The Award(s) are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12 Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16 Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
 
 The Shares or the Award(s) may not be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, an exemption under any provision of Subdivision (4) of Division 1 of Part 13 of the Securities and Futures Act 2001. 
 
 FOR SPAIN EMPLOYEES ONLY 
 
 The grantees may be subject to certain reporting obligations for the acquisition or disposal of Shares under the SIP, the opening of cash or brokerage bank accounts abroad and the transfer or receipt of funds. Please consult your own advisors regarding these and other legal or tax obligations that may be applicable. 
 
 FOR TURKEY EMPLOYEES ONLY 
 
 This offer is not a public offering in terms of the Turkish Capital Markets legislation and the information provided herein cannot be construed as a public offering. The grant of the Award(s) should not be construed as a public offering or a private placement and is made to you as an employee of the Firm. You are not obligated to accept your Award(s). Your decision to accept or reject the Award(s) is entirely up to you and will have no impact on your employment or your career, either positive or negative. The grant of your Award(s) does not change or supplement the terms of your employment in any way. The Award documents do not constitute an employee handbook or an employment contract between you and the Firm. 
 
 The information set forth in the Award documents is solely for informative reasons and the Firm is not hereby giving you nor purports to be giving you investment or other financial advice. The Firm reserves the right to suspend, change, amend or supplement the terms of the Award documents, in whole or in part, for any reason at any time. If you are in doubt about the merits of the Award documents, you should contact your financial advisor. 
 
 Additional data protection information for Turkey employees (which should be read in conjunction with, and forms part of, the Data Collection, Processing and Transfers section above) 
 
 In terms of the Law on the Protection of Personal Data No. 6698 and its relevant legislation, GOLDMAN SACHS TK DANI MANLIK H ZMETLER ANON M RKET acts as the data controller regarding your personal data in Turkey. 
 
 FOR UK EMPLOYEES ONLY 
 This document does not have regard to the specific investment objectives, financial situation and particular needs of any specific person who may receive it. Recipients should seek their own financial advice. 
 
 The Award(s) are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the SIP and the Award Agreement(s). The price of Shares and the income from such Shares (if any) can fluctuate and may be affected by changes in the exchange rate for U.S. dollars. Past performance will not necessarily be repeated. Levels and bases of taxation may change from time to time. Investors should consult their own tax advisors in order to understand tax consequences. GS Inc. has (and its associates may have) a material interest in the Shares and the investments that are the subject of this document. 

- 8- 

- 9- 

</EX-10.47>

<EX-21.1>
 15
 gs-12312023exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 Significant Subsidiaries of the Registrant The following are significant subsidiaries of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. as of December 31, 2023 and the states or jurisdictions in which they are organized. Each subsidiary is indented beneath its principal parent. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. owns, directly or indirectly, at least 99 of the voting securities of substantially all of the subsidiaries included below. The names of particular subsidiaries have been omitted because, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, they would not constitute, as of the end of the year covered by this report, a significant subsidiary as that term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Name State or Jurisdiction of Organization of Entity The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Delaware Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC New York Goldman Sachs Funding LLC Delaware GS European Funding I S.A R.L. LLC Delaware Murray Street Corporation Delaware Sphere Fundo De Investimento Multimercado - Investimento No Exterior Credito Privado Brazil Goldman Sachs (UK) L.L.C. Delaware Goldman Sachs UK Funding Limited United Kingdom Goldman Sachs Group UK Limited United Kingdom Goldman Sachs International Bank United Kingdom Goldman Sachs International United Kingdom J. Aron & Company LLC New York GSAM Holdings LLC Delaware GSAMI Holdings I LLC Delaware GSAMI Holdings II Ltd United Kingdom Goldman Sachs Asset Management International Holdings Ltd United Kingdom Goldman Sachs Asset Management International United Kingdom Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. Delaware Goldman Sachs Asset Management Holdings LLC Delaware Goldman Sachs Asset Management UK Holdings I Ltd United Kingdom Goldman Sachs Asset Management UK Holdings II Ltd United Kingdom Goldman Sachs Asset Management Holdings I B.V. Netherlands Goldman Sachs Asset Management Holdings II B.V. Netherlands Goldman Sachs Asset Management Holdings B.V. Netherlands Goldman Sachs Asset Management International Holdings B.V. Netherlands Goldman Sachs Asset Management B.V. Netherlands Goldman Sachs (Asia) Corporate Holdings L.L.C. Delaware Goldman Sachs Holdings (Asia Pacific) Limited Hong Kong Goldman Sachs (Japan) Ltd. British Virgin Islands Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. Japan Goldman Sachs Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Goldman Sachs Holdings (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore J. Aron & Company (Singapore) Pte. Singapore GS Lending Partners Holdings LLC Delaware Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC Delaware Goldman Sachs Bank USA New York Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE Germany Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company New York 

Name State or Jurisdiction of Organization of Entity IMD Holdings LLC Delaware GSSG Holdings LLC Delaware ALQ Holdings (Del) LLC Delaware GLQ International Partners LP United Kingdom GLQ International Holdings Ltd Jersey GLQ Holdings (UK) Ltd United Kingdom Bradley Hall Holdings Limited United Kingdom GLQL S.A R.L. Luxembourg GLQC Holdings S.A R.L. Luxembourg GLQC II Designated Activity Company Ireland GLQ Broad Street Holdings LTD. Jersey Broad Street Credit Investments Europe S.A R.L. Luxembourg BSCH III Designated Activity Company Ireland Goldman Sachs Non-US Americas Holdings LLC Delaware Goldman Sachs Non-US Americas Holdings II LLC Delaware Goldman Sachs Canada Holdings LLC Delaware Goldman Sachs Canada Inc. Canada Broad Street Principal Investments Superholdco LLC Delaware GS Fund Holdings, L.L.C. Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 16
 exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File No. 333-269296) and on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-80839, 333-42068, 333-106430, 333-120802, 333-235973 and 333-261673) of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. of our report dated February 22, 2024 relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP New York, New York February 22, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 17
 gs-12312023x10kexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, David Solomon, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2023 of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 22, 2024 
 s David Solomon Name David Solomon Title Chief Executive Officer 

CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Denis P. Coleman III, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2023 of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2024 
 s Denis P. Coleman III Name Denis P. Coleman III Title Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 18
 gs-12312023x10kexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 Certification 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officer of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (the Company) hereby certifies that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2023 (the Report) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 22, 2024 
 s David Solomon Name David Solomon Title Chief Executive Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

Certification 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officer of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (the Company) hereby certifies that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2023 (the Report) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 22, 2024 
 s Denis P. Coleman III Name Denis P. Coleman III Title Chief Financial Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-97.1>
 19
 gs-policyforrecoveryoferro.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 

Exhibit 97.1 

 THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. POLICY FOR THE 
 RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION 
 
 1. Purpose . The purpose of this Policy is to provide for the recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation from Executive Officers in accordance with the Clawback Rules. This Policy shall apply to, and be enforceable against, any Executive Officer and the Executive Officer s beneficiaries (as specified in Section 11 of this Policy) regardless of whether or not such Executive Officer is aware of his or her status as such. 1 
 
 2. Administration . This Policy shall be administered by the Committee, which shall have authority in its sole discretion to (a) exercise all of the powers granted to it under this Policy (b) construe, interpret and implement this Policy (c) prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to this Policy, including rules governing its own operations (d) make all determinations necessary or advisable in administering this Policy (e) correct any defect, supply any omission and reconcile any inconsistency in this Policy and (f) amend this Policy to reflect changes in applicable law (whether or not the rights of any person may be adversely affected) provided , that the Committee shall interpret this Policy in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of the Clawback Rules and construe and enforce the terms of this Policy in a manner that complies with applicable law, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any other law or regulation that the Committee determines is applicable. Determinations of the Committee relating to this Policy shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 
 3. Definitions . For purposes of this Policy, the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth below. 
 
 (a) Accounting Restatement shall mean an accounting restatement as a result of GS Group s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws that is required to correct (i) an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements or (ii) an error that would result in a material misstatement if GS Group corrected the error in the current period or left it uncorrected in the current period. 
 
 For purposes of this Policy (unless the accounting standards provide otherwise), an Accounting Restatement shall not be deemed to occur in the event GS Group restates its financial statements due to an out-of-period adjustment or a retrospective (i) application of a change in accounting principles (ii) revision to reportable segment information due to a change in the structure of GS Group s internal organization (iii) reclassification due to a discontinued operation (iv) application of a change in reporting entity, such as from a reorganization of entities under common control or (v) revision for stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends or other changes in capital structure. 
 
 (b) Board shall mean the Board of Directors of GS Group. 
 
 (c) Clawback Period shall mean, with respect to any Accounting Restatement, GS Group s three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the Restatement Date. 2 

1 In addition, this Policy also covers Goldman Sachs Capital II and Goldman Sachs Capital III, and GS Finance Corp. and any other direct or indirect subsidiary of GS Group with any security listed on the NYSE or any other U.S. national securities exchange or national securities association that is required by Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act to adopt a compensation recovery policy (and is not otherwise exempt under Rule 10D-1(c) of the Exchange Act). In this context, references in this Policy to GS Group shall instead be read to refer to the name of the applicable subsidiary (other than in the definitions of Board and Firm ). 
 
 2 This shall include any transition period (that results from a change in GS Group s fiscal year) of less than nine months within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years. A transition period (that results from a change in GS Group s fiscal year) between the last day of GS Group s previous fiscal year end and the first day of its new fiscal year that comprises a period of nine to 12 months would be deemed a completed fiscal year for purposes of the Clawback Period. 

(d) Clawback Rules shall mean Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the SEC (including Rule 10D-1 under the Exchange Act) or the NYSE. 
 
 (e) Committee shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board, or in the absence of such a committee, the independent directors serving on the Board. 
 
 (f) Covered Compensation shall mean, in connection with an Accounting Restatement, all Incentive- Based Compensation Received by a person (i) on or after October 2, 2023 (ii) after beginning service as an Executive Officer (iii) who served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period for that Incentive-Based Compensation (iv) while GS Group has a class of securities listed on the NYSE and (v) during the applicable Clawback Period. 
 
 (g) Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall mean, with respect to each Executive Officer in connection with an Accounting Restatement, the amount, if any, by which Covered Compensation exceeds the amount of Covered Compensation that otherwise would have been Received by the Executive Officer had it been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any taxes paid. 
 
 (h) Executive Officer shall mean, with respect to GS Group, any current or former executive officer pursuant to the Clawback Rules, as determined by the Board as needed from time to time. 
 
 (i) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 (j) Financial Reporting Measures shall mean measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing GS Group s financial statements and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures. Stock price and total shareholder return (and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from stock price or total shareholder return) shall for purposes of this Policy be considered Financial Reporting Measures. For the avoidance of doubt, a Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented in GS Group s financial statements or included within a filing with the SEC. 
 
 (k) Firm shall mean GS Group, together with each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
 
 (l) GS Group shall mean The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. 
 
 (m) Incentive-Based Compensation shall mean any compensation (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any cash, equity or equity-based compensation) that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-Based Compensation shall also be deemed to include any amounts that were determined based on (or were otherwise calculated by reference to) Incentive-Based Compensation. 
 
 (n) Impracticable shall mean, that either (i) the direct expenses paid to a third party to assist in enforcing the Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered, after GS Group has made a reasonable attempt to recover the applicable Erroneously Awarded Compensation, documented such reasonable attempt(s) and provided such documentation to the NYSE or (ii) recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of GS Group, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 
 
 (o) Method of Recovery shall include, but shall not be limited to (i) requiring reimbursement of any compensation paid to the Executive Officer (ii) seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer or other disposition of any equity or equity-based awards (iii) offsetting against any compensation payable to the Executive Officer (iv) cancelling outstanding equity awards or recovering any shares of stock delivered thereunder and (v) taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by law provided that, in order to avoid a negative tax consequence under Section 409A, GS Group shall first seek to recover amounts that are not nonqualified deferred compensation (as defined under Section 409A). 

(p) NYSE shall mean the New York Stock Exchange or any other U.S. national securities exchange or national securities association on which GS Group s securities are listed. 
 
 (q) Policy shall mean this Policy for the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation, as the same may be amended and or restated from time to time. 
 
 (r) Received shall mean, with respect to any Incentive-Based Compensation, deemed receipt, and Incentive-Based Compensation shall be deemed received in GS Group s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-Based Compensation award is attained, even if payment or grant of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 
 (s) Restatement Date shall mean the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board or the officer(s) of GS Group authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that GS Group is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement or (ii) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs GS Group to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 
 
 (t) SEC shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 (u) Section 409A shall mean Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 4. Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation . 
 
 (a) In the event GS Group is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, the Committee shall determine the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation, if any, for each Executive Officer in connection with such Accounting Restatement, and the Firm shall reasonably promptly recover from such Executive Officer an amount equal to the Erroneously Awarded Compensation. For the avoidance of doubt, except to the extent permitted to be waived pursuant to the Clawback Rules (including the Committee s determination that recovery would be Impracticable), in no event may the Firm accept an amount that is less than the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation in satisfaction of an Executive Officer s obligations hereunder. 
 
 (b) For Incentive-Based Compensation based on (or derived from) stock price or total shareholder return where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the applicable Accounting Restatement, the amount shall be determined by the Committee based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation was Received (in which case, GS Group shall maintain documentation of such determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the NYSE). The Committee may rely on such employees and or third parties as it may determine in its sole discretion to be necessary or appropriate to make any such determination. 
 
 (c) The Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion, the appropriate Method of Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on all applicable facts and circumstances, including taking into account the time value of money and the cost to shareholders of delaying recovery. 
 
 5. Reporting and Disclosure . GS Group shall file all disclosures with respect to this Policy in accordance with the requirements of U.S. federal securities laws, including any disclosure required by applicable SEC rules. 
 
 6. Indemnification Prohibition . No member of the Firm shall be permitted to indemnify any Executive Officer, directly or indirectly, against (a) the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation that the Firm recovers pursuant to the terms of this Policy or (b) any claims relating to the Firm s enforcement of its rights under this Policy and or pursuant to the Clawback Rules, including through the payment of insurance premiums or gross-up payments. Further, no member of the Firm shall enter into any agreement that exempts any Incentive-Based Compensation from the application of this Policy or that waives the Firm s right to recover any Erroneously Awarded Compensation, and any such agreement shall be superseded by this Policy. Any such purported indemnification (whether oral or in writing) shall be null and void. 

7. Interpretation . As provided in Section 2, this Policy shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with the Clawback Rules. 
 
 8. Effective Date . This Policy shall be effective as of December 1, 2023. 
 
 9. Amendment Termination . Subject to the Clawback Rules, the Committee may modify or amend this Policy, in whole or in part, from time to time in its discretion and shall amend any or all of the provisions of this Policy as it deems necessary, including as and when it determines that it is legally required by any federal securities law, SEC rule or NYSE rule. Subject to the Clawback Rules, the Committee may terminate this Policy at any time in its discretion. Furthermore, unless otherwise determined by the Committee or as otherwise amended, this Policy shall automatically be deemed amended in a manner necessary to comply with any change in the Clawback Rules. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, this Policy shall no longer be effective from and after the date that GS Group no longer has a class of securities publicly listed on the NYSE. 
 
 10. Other Recoupment Rights No Additional Payments . The Committee may require that any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or any other agreement shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, require an Executive Officer to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy. Executive Officers shall be deemed to have accepted continuing employment on terms that include compliance with the Policy, to the extent of its otherwise applicable provisions, and to be contractually bound by its enforcement provisions. Executive Officers who cease employment or service with the Firm shall continue to be bound by the terms of the Policy with respect to Incentive- Based Compensation subject to this Policy. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Firm under applicable law, regulation or rule or pursuant to the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement, cash-based bonus plan, equity award agreement or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available to the Firm provided , however , that any amounts recouped or clawed back under any other policy that would be recoupable under this Policy shall count towards any required clawback or recoupment under this Policy and vice versa. Nothing in this Policy precludes GS Group from implementing any additional clawback or recoupment policies with respect to Executive Officers. Application of this Policy does not preclude the Firm from taking any other action to enforce any Executive Officer s obligations to GS Group or the Firm, including termination of employment or institution of civil or criminal proceedings or any other remedies that may be available to GS Group or the Firm with respect to any Executive Officer. 
 
 11. Beneficiaries . This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Executive Officers and their beneficiaries, estates, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives to the extent required by the Clawback Rules or as otherwise determined by the Committee. 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 20
 gs-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 21
 gs-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 22
 gs-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 23
 gs-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 24
 gs-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

