<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20240227_10-K_edgar_data_1818874_0001818874-24-000026.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>31645046</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>852593</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>6990575</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12676678</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5361800</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5083002</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001818874-24-000026.hdr.sgml : 20240227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240227171438
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001818874-24-000026
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		168
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20240227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SoFi Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001818874
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				981547291
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39606
		FILM NUMBER:		24688432

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		234 1ST STREET
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(855) 456-7634

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		234 1ST STREET
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200722

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001818874-24-000026.txt : 20240227

10-K
 1
 sofi-20231231.htm
 10-K

sofi-20231231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 74262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.1D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity of the Registrant held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2023: billion 
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding as of February 15, 2024 was shares. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 SOFI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 
 2 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 28 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 82 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 82 
 Item 2. Properties 
 83 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 83 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 83 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 83 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 84 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 85 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 124 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 127 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 211 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 211 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 212 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 213 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 213 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 213 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 213 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 213 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 213 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 213 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 215 
 Signatures 
 216 

1 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 
 ACH : Automated clearing house 
 GAAP : U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
 AFS : Available-for-sale 
 GLBA : Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 
 ALCO : Asset Liability Committee 
 Golden Pacific : Golden Pacific Bancorp, Inc. 
 AWS : Amazon Web Services 
 GSE : Government-Sponsored Enterprise 
 AOCI : Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 HFI : Held for investment 
 ASU : Accounting Standards Update 
 HFS : Held for sale 
 ATDS : Automatic telephone dialing systems 
 HMDA : Home Mortgage Disclosure Act 
 BHCA : Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended 
 IRLC : Interest rate lock commitment 
 BPS : Basis points 
 IRS : Internal Revenue Service 
 BSA : Bank Secrecy Act 
 LIBOR : London Inter-Bank Offered Rate 
 CALM : Capital and Asset Liability Management policy 
 MLA : Military Lending Act 
 CARES Act : Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act 
 MOHELA : Missouri Higher Education Loan Authority 
 CCPA : California Consumer Privacy Act 
 MSB : Money services business 
 CD : Community Development 
 MSRB : Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board 
 CET1 : Common Equity Tier 1 
 NACHA : National Automated Clearinghouse Association 
 CFP : Certified financial planners 
 Nasdaq : The Nasdaq Global Select Market 
 CFPB : Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
 OCC : Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
 CFTC : Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
 OFAC : Office of Foreign Assets Control 
 CISO : Chief Information Security Officer 
 PCD : Purchased credit deteriorated 
 CODM : Chief Operating Decision Maker 
 PFOF : Payment for order flow 
 CPA : Colorado Privacy Act 
 PSU : Performance stock units 
 CPPA : California Privacy Protection Act 
 QIA : Qatar Investment Authority 
 CPRA : California Privacy Rights Act 
 RESPA : Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act 
 CRA : Community Reinvestment Act 
 ROU : Right-of-use 
 DACA : Deferred Access for Childhood Arrival 
 RSU : Restricted stock units 
 DCF : Discounted cash flow 
 SCH : Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V 
 DE I : Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 SCRA : Servicemembers Civil Relief Act 
 DEP : Digital engagement practices 
 SEC : U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Dodd-Frank Act : Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
 SPAC : Special purpose acquisition company 
 Protection Act of 2010 Social Finance : Social Finance, Inc. 
 DSU : Deferred stock units 
 SoFi Bank : SoFi Bank, National Association 
 EC : European Commission 
 SoFi Capital Advisors : SoFi Capital Advisors, LLC 
 ECOA : Equal Credit Opportunity Act 
 SoFi Securities : SoFi Securities LLC 
 EFTA : Electronic Fund Transfer Act 
 SoFi Stadium : The LA Stadium and Entertainment District at Hollywood 
 ESG : Environmental, social and corporate governance 
 Park in Inglewood, California ESIGN : Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act 
 SoFi Wealth : SoFi Wealth LLC 
 ETF : Exchange-Traded Funds 
 SOFR : Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
 FCA : Financial Conduct Authority 
 SPE : Special purpose entity 
 FCRA : Fair Credit Reporting Act 
 SRO : Self-regulatory organizations 
 FDCPA : Fair Debt Collection Practices Act 
 TBA : To-be-announced 
 FDIA : Federal Deposit Insurance Act 
 TCJA : Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 
 FDIC : Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
 TCPA : Federal Telephone Consumer Protection Act 
 Federal Reserve : Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
 Technisys : Technisys S.A., a Luxembourg soci t anonyme 
 FHA : Fair Housing Act 
 TDR : Troubled debt restructuring 
 FHFA : Federal Housing Finance Agency 
 TILA : Truth in Lending Act 
 FHLB : Federal Home Loan Bank 
 UDAAP : Unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices 
 FinCEN : Financial Crimes Enforcement Network 
 UETA : Uniform Electronic Transactions Act 
 FINRA : Financial Industry Regulatory Authority 
 URG : Underrepresented Group 
 FRB : Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco 
 VA : United Stated Department of Veterans Affairs 
 FTC : Federal Trade Commission 
 VIE : Variable interest entity 
 FTP : Fund transfer pricing 
 Wyndham : Wyndham Capital Mortgage 

2 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context requires otherwise, references to SoFi , the Company , we , us , and our , and similar references refer to SoFi Technologies, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries following the Business Combination (as defined herein) and to Social Finance, Inc. prior to the Business Combination. 
 Social Finance, Inc. Social Finance entered into a merger agreement (the Agreement with Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V SCH on January 7, 2021. The transactions contemplated by the terms of the Agreement were completed on May 28, 2021 (the Closing ), in conjunction with which SCH changed its name to SoFi Technologies, Inc. The transactions contemplated in the Agreement are collectively referred to as the Business Combination . 
 In February 2022, we acquired Golden Pacific Bancorp, Inc. Golden Pacific ), a bank holding company, and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Golden Pacific Bank, National Association, a national bank (the Bank Merger ), after which we became a bank holding company and renamed Golden Pacific Bank as SoFi Bank, National Association SoFi Bank ). 
 In March 2022, we acquired Technisys S.A. Technisys ), a Luxembourg soci t anonyme and a cloud-native digital multi-product core banking platform (the Technisys Merger ). 
 In April 2023, we acquired Wyndham, a fintech mortgage lender. 
 See Note 2. Business Combinations to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements within Part II, Item 8. for information on our business combinations. 
 Refer to Glossary of Terms and Acronyms for the definitions of certain terms, acronyms and abbreviations used in this document. 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements that are forward-looking and as such are not historical facts. This includes, without limitation, statements regarding the financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for our future operations; anticipated trends and prospects in the industries in which our business operates; new products, services and related strategies; anticipated actions by governmental authorities; and macroeconomic conditions. These statements constitute projections, forecasts and forward-looking statements, and are not guarantees of performance. Such statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, words such as aim , allow , anticipate , believe , can , continue , could , estimate , expect , if , intend , likely , may , might , opportunity , plan , possible , potential , predict , project , should , strive , will , would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 
 Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC and include, among other things: 
 our ability to achieve and maintain profitability in the future; 
 the impact on our business of the regulatory environment and complexities with compliance; 
 the effect and impact of evolving laws, rules, regulations and government enforcement policies, including any federal or state loan forgiveness programs; 
 the impact of adverse developments affecting the U.S. or global banking industry, including bank failures and liquidity concerns, which could cause economic and market volatility, and regulatory responses thereto; 
 our ability to manage our growth effectively and our expectations regarding the development and expansion of our business; 
 our ability to continue to originate and sell loans to third parties, and the impact of the performance of loans held on our balance sheet; 
 our ability to access sources of capital on favorable terms, if at all, including debt financing, deposits and other sources of capital to finance operations and growth; 
 the impact of and our ability to respond to general economic conditions and other macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, such as elevated and fluctuating interest rates, inflationary pressures, counterparty risk, changing customer 

3 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 demand, capital markets volatility, instability in the financial services industry, a potential U.S. government shutdown, the possibility of a recession, and domestic or international conflicts or disputes; 
 the success of our marketing efforts and our ability to expand our member base; 
 our ability to grow market share in existing markets or any new markets we may enter; 
 our ability to develop new products, features and functionality that are competitive and meet market needs; 
 our ability to diversify our business and broaden our suite of financial services offerings; 
 our ability to realize the benefits of our strategy, including what we refer to as our Financial Services Productivity Loop, and achieve scale in our Financial Services segment; 
 our ability to successfully operate as a bank holding company, and to operate SoFi Bank; 
 our ability to make accurate credit and pricing decisions or effectively forecast our loss rates; 
 our ability to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting; 
 our ability to maintain the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq; 
 our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the Bank Merger, the Technisys Merger, our acquisition of Wyndham, and any other acquisitions we undertake, including our expectations with regards to such acquisitions; 
 our ability to successfully expand our operations into foreign jurisdictions, including compliance with a variety of foreign laws; and 
 the outcome of any legal or governmental proceedings that may be instituted against us. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and reflect current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 TRADEMARKS 
 This document contains references to trademarks, service marks and trade names owned by us or belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this document may appear without the or symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we or the applicable licensor will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our or its rights to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. SoFi Technologies does not intend its use or display of other companies trademarks, service marks or trade names to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of it by, any other companies. All trademarks, service marks and trade names included in this document are the property of their respective owners. 

4 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 

Company Overview 
 We are a member-centric, one-stop shop for financial services that, through our Lending and Financial Services products, allows members to borrow, save, spend, invest and protect their money. We refer to our customers as members and clients . 
 Our mission is to help our members achieve financial independence in order to realize their ambitions. To us, financial independence does not mean being wealthy, but rather represents the ability of our members to have the financial means to achieve their personal objectives at each stage of life, such as owning a home, having a family, or having a career of their choice more simply stated, to have enough money to do what they want. We were founded in 2011 and have developed a suite of financial products that offers the speed, selection, content and convenience that only an integrated digital platform can provide. In order for us to achieve our mission, we have to help people get their money right, which means providing them with the ability to borrow better, save better, spend better, invest better and protect better. Everything we do today is geared toward helping our members Get Your Money Right and we strive to innovate and build ways for our members to achieve this goal. 
 In order to help achieve our mission, we offer personal loans, student loans, home loans and related servicing. We offer a variety of financial services products, such as SoFi Money, SoFi Credit Card, SoFi Invest and SoFi Relay, that provide more daily interactions with our members, as well as lending as a service which helps a broader range of borrowers to find lending solutions. We offer products and capabilities, such as SoFi At Work, that are designed to appeal to enterprises. We have also made strategic acquisitions to further expand our platform capabilities for enterprises, which we believe will deepen our participation in the entire technology ecosystem powering digital financial services. 
 We have built a social area within our digital native application, which we refer to as the member home feed. The member home feed is personalized and delivers content to a member about what they must do that day in their financial life, what they should consider doing that day in their financial life, and what they can do that day in their financial life. Through the member home feed, there are significant opportunities to build frequent engagement and, to date, the member home feed has been an important driver of new product adoption. The member home feed is an important part of our strategy and our ability to use data as a competitive advantage. 
 To complement these products and services, we believe in establishing partnerships with other enterprises to leverage our existing capabilities to reach a broader market and in building vertically-integrated technology platforms designed to manage and deliver our suite of products and technology solutions to our members and clients in a low-cost and differentiated manner. 
 Our three reportable segments and their primary product offerings as of December 31, 2023 were as follows: 
 
 _________________ 
 (1) Lending as a service includes referred loans which are originated by a third-party partner to which we provide pre-qualified borrower referrals, certain loans which we originate and subsequently sell to a third-party partner, and certain loans associated with our Lantern Credit financial services marketplace platform. 

5 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Members 
 We have created an innovative financial services platform designed to offer best-in-class products to meet the broad objectives of our members and the lifecycle of their financial needs. Our platform offers our members (as defined under Part II, Item 7. Key Business Metrics a suite of financial products and services, enabling them to borrow, save, spend, invest and protect their finances across one integrated platform, as well as personal financial management tools and benefits to complement our products. Our aim is to create a best-in-class, integrated financial services platform that will generate a virtuous cycle whereby positive member experiences will lead to new product adoption by existing members and enhanced profitability for each additional product by lowering overall member acquisition costs and increasing the lifetime value of our members. We refer to this virtuous cycle as our Financial Services Productivity Loop , which is further discussed below. 
 Enterprises 
 In addition to benefiting our members, our products and capabilities are also designed to appeal to enterprises, such as financial services institutions that subscribe to our enterprise services and have become interconnected with the SoFi platform. We have continued to expand our platform capabilities for enterprises through strategic acquisitions, including: (i) our acquisition of Galileo in 2020, which provides technology platform services to financial and non-financial institutions and which has allowed us to vertically integrate across more of our financial services, and (ii) the Technisys Merger in the first quarter of 2022, through which we added a cloud-native digital and core banking platform into our technology platform offerings and expanded our technology platform services to a broader international market. These expansions have deepened our participation in the entire technology ecosystem powering digital financial services, allowing us to not only reduce costs to operate our member-centric business, but also deliver increasing value to our enterprise customers. While our enterprises are not considered members, they are important contributors to the growth of the SoFi platform, and also have their own constituents who might benefit from our products in the future. 
 SoFi Bank 
 In February 2022, we closed the Bank Merger, pursuant to which we became a bank holding company and began operating as SoFi Bank. Golden Pacific s community bank business continues to operate as a division of SoFi Bank. 
 As a bank holding company, we offer checking and savings accounts and credit cards through SoFi Bank. We are originating all new loan applications within SoFi Bank, and we intend to continue to explore other products for SoFi Bank over time. The key current and expected financial benefits to us of operating a national bank include: (i) lowering our cost to fund loans, as we can utilize deposits held at SoFi Bank to fund loans, which have a lower borrowing cost of funds than our warehouse and securitization financing model, (ii) increasing our flexibility to hold loans on our balance sheet for longer periods, thereby enabling us to earn interest on these loans for a longer period, (iii) supporting origination volume growth by providing an alternative financing option, while also maintaining our warehouse capacity, and (iv) through deposits, providing us with meaningful member data that can allow us to better serve our members financial needs. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of certain potential risks related to being a bank holding company . 
 International Operations 
 While we primarily operate in the United States, we also operate internationally in Latin America and Canada, largely through our Technology Platform segment, as well as in Hong Kong through SoFi Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited (an investment business). 

Our Differentiation 
 In order to build best-in-class offerings, we focus on four differentiators: fast, selection, content and convenience. 
 (1) Fast We aspire to be the fastest place for our members to responsibly do anything, whether it s applying for a loan, getting a funded loan, opening an account, buying or selling a stock, uploading a mobile check, getting access to money, paying a friend, or accessing relevant financial content. Other than certain products acquired and offered through SoFi Bank, our products are all digital and we have a culture of iteration to help drive faster and faster services. 
 (2) Selection Given the digital nature of our products, the permutations of features and services that can be made available to our members across their needs to borrow, save, spend, invest and protect are significant. We will continue to iterate, learn and innovate to broaden our selection in the same way we did this year by providing our members with 

6 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 competitive interest rates on checking and savings accounts, options trading, Pay in 4 (a buy now, pay later product), and SoFi Plus membership benefits. 
 (3) Content Our financial education, insights, research content, actionable tools and advice are designed to provide meaningful value for our members. Our carefully-crafted and personalized content is offered through our member home feed and is designed to help our members get their money right. We strive to provide digestible financial education, meaningful answers, salient information, advice, credit scores, financial calculators, investment research and financial news that enhance member loyalty and increase the likelihood that members will use additional SoFi products in the future. 
 (4) Convenience We hold ourselves accountable and aim to provide the most convenient member experience possible in terms of ease of use, ubiquity, functionality, simplicity and responsive customer service. Our long-term goal is to provide the most convenient 24x7 service and dispel the historical construct of financial service availability based on 9-5 Monday through Friday. 
 Each product we offer is delivered in a member-centric way and is built and enhanced with these differentiators in mind. We believe that our member-centric, one-stop shop for financial services serves as a competitive differentiator for us relative to other financial services providers. 
 We offer our members a full suite of financial products and services all in one common mobile platform. To complement these products and services, we believe in building vertically-integrated technology platforms designed to manage and deliver the suite of solutions to our members in a low-cost and differentiated manner. 

The Financial Services Productivity Loop 
 We believe that developing a relationship with our members and gaining their trust is central to our success as a financial services platform. Moreover, we believe that some of the current frictions faced by other financial institutions are caused by a disjointed and non-seamless product experience, a lack of digital customer acquisition, subpar mobile web products instead of digital native apps and incomplete product offerings to meet a customer s holistic financial needs. Through our mobile technology and continuous effort to improve our financial services products, we are seeking to build a financial services platform that can support all of our members financial services needs throughout their lifetime. 
 Our strategy, which is rooted in what we refer to as our Financial Services Productivity Loop , is centered around building trust and a lifetime relationship with our members, which we believe will help build a sustainable competitive advantage. 
 Financial Services Productivity Loop 
 
 In order to deliver on our strategy, we must develop best-in-class unit economics and best-in-class products that build trust and reliability between our members and our platform. Our acquisition of SoFi Bank was also an important step in continuing to build best-in-class unit economics and best-in-class products, as it has enabled us to achieve lower cost of funding through deposits, and improved unit economics and engagement on SoFi Money. When we do this on a member s first product, and they later consider using an additional product, we believe they are more likely to start with our platform and we have a 

7 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 higher chance that they will select one of our products to meet their other financial needs. This results in delivering more revenue per member with no second member acquisition costs, resulting in higher lifetime value per member. This also reinforces the benefits of our platform, which simplifies the entire financial ecosystem for our members, helping them get their money right. We are able to use the increased profits to further improve member benefits and product experience. 
 In addition to realizing the benefits of more of our members adopting multiple SoFi products, the Financial Services Productivity Loop strategy delivers operating and technology efficiencies to deliver better unit economics on a per product basis. One of the success factors of our lending business is that it is vertically integrated across our technology stack, risk protocols and operations processes. 

Our Reportable Segments 
 We conduct our business through three reportable segments: Lending, Technology Platform and Financial Services. Below is a discussion of our segments and their primary products and non-product offerings. 
 Lending Segment 
 We offer personal loans, student loans, home loans and related servicing. We believe that our market opportunity within each of these lending channels is significant. Our lending process primarily leverages an in-application, digital borrowing experience, which we believe serves as a competitive advantage as digital lending becomes increasingly ubiquitous. Furthermore, our platform supports the full transaction lifecycle, including credit application, underwriting, approval, funding and servicing. Through data derived at loan origination and throughout the servicing process, SoFi has life-of-loan performance data on each loan in our ecosystem that we originate and on which we retain servicing, which provides a meaningful data asset. Net interest income, which we define as the difference between the earned interest income and interest expense to finance loans, is a key component of the profitability of our Lending segment. 
 Personal Loans. We originate personal loans to help our members with a variety of financial needs, such as debt consolidation, home improvement projects, family planning, travel and weddings, to name a few. We offer fixed rate loans with flexible repayment terms, including unemployment protection. We generally offer loan sizes of 5,000 to 100,000, subject to legal and/or licensing requirements, with terms generally ranging from 2 to 7 years. We regularly update the annual percentage rates offered on our personal loans. 
 Student Loans. We operate in the student loan refinance space, with a focus on prime and super-prime school loans, as well as the in-school lending space, which allows members to borrow funds while they attend school. We offer flexible loan sizes, repayment options and competitive rates. Within student loan refinancing, we generally offer loan sizes of 5,000 or higher, subject to legal and/or licensing requirements, with terms generally ranging from 5 to 20 years. Within in-school loans, we generally offer loan sizes of 1,000 or higher, subject to legal and/or licensing requirements, with terms generally ranging from 5 to 15 years. We regularly update the annual percentage rates offered on our fixed and variable-rate student loans. 
 Home Loans. We offer agency, non-agency and, beginning in the second quarter of 2023, certain government loans (e.g., VA and Federal Housing Administration loans) for members purchasing a home or refinancing an existing mortgage. For our home loan products, we offer competitive rates, flexible down payment options for as little as 3 (or 0 for VA loans), a close on time guarantee, and educational tools and calculators. For one-unit properties, we generally offer loan sizes of 75,000 to 766,550 for in conforming normal cost areas (with exceptions for smaller loan sizes considered on a case-by-case basis), up to 1,149,825 in conforming high cost areas (GSE-eligible loans above the normal conforming limit, which is determined by county). For multi-unit properties, we offer loan sizes up to 2,211,600. In addition, we offer loan sizes up to 3,000,000 for jumbo loans (loans in the jumbo loan program), up to 1,500,000 for VA loans, and up to 472,030 for Federal Housing Administration loans in most areas. Our fixed rate home loans generally have terms of 10, 15, 20, 25 or 30 years. We offer adjustable rate mortgage products for conforming and jumbo loans, with a fixed rate for 5, 7 or 10 years followed by rate adjustments every six months for the remainder of the 30-year term, and for VA and Federal Housing Administration loans, with a fixed rate for 5 years followed by rate adjustments every year for the remainder of the 30-year term. We regularly update the annual percentage rates offered on our home loans. 
 Lending Model 
 We originate loans through our lending business, and have the option of pursuing a gain-on-sale origination model, whereby we seek to recognize a gain from these loans and sell them into either our whole loan or securitization channels, or holding loans on our balance sheet when advantageous. This enables us to maximize our return and balance our risk by earning 

8 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 interest on these loans for a longer period and to be selective in our sales arrangements. We expect to benefit from the continued mix towards deposit funding through operating SoFi Bank. 
 We sell our whole loans primarily to large financial institutions, such as bank holding companies. In securitization transactions that do not qualify for sale accounting, the related assets remain on our balance sheet and cash proceeds received are reported as liabilities, with related interest expense recognized over the life of the related borrowing. In securitization transactions that qualify for sale accounting, we typically have insignificant continuing involvement as an investor. In the case of both whole loan sales and securitizations, and with the exception of certain of our home loans, we also continue to retain servicing rights to our originated loans following transfer. We directly service all of the personal loans that we originate. We act as master servicer for, and rely on sub-servicers to directly service, all of our student loans and GSE conforming home loans. We view servicing as an integral component of the Lending segment, as we believe our servicing function is an important asset because of the connection to the member it affords us throughout the life of the loan thereby enhancing the effectiveness of our Financial Services Productivity Loop by increasing member touchpoints and driving new product adoption by existing members. 
 We rely upon deposits, warehouse financing and our own capital to enable us to continue to expand our origination capabilities. Our ability to utilize deposits held at SoFi Bank to fund our loans has lowered our overall cost of asset-backed financing relative to alternative sources of funding. 
 Underwriting Process 
 We have developed an extensive underwriting process across each lending product that is focused on willingness to pay (measured by credit attributes and risk scores), ability to pay (measured through income and free cash flow), and stability (measured by credit experience). A key element of our underwriting process is the ability to facilitate risk-based interest rates that we believe are appropriate for each loan using proprietary risk models through which we project quarterly loan performance, including expected losses and prepayments. We believe the outcome of this process helps us determine a more data-driven, risk-adjusted interest rate that we can offer our members. Further, our data and monitoring tools enable us to implement risk mitigation strategies quickly and efficiently, including underwriting standard adjustments to adapt our operations to changing environments and expectations. 
 Our personal loan and student loan underwriting models are typically based on credit reports, industry credit and bankruptcy prediction models, custom credit assessment models, and debt capacity analysis, as indicated by borrower free cash flow. Our underwriting strategy utilizes an advanced risk model that provides refined risk separation. Home loans originated by SoFi that are agency-conforming loans are subject to credit, debt service, and collateral eligibility established by GSEs. Government loans, such as VA and Federal Housing Administration loans, are subject to the underwriting requirements established by the appropriate government agency. In addition to these requirements, agency-conforming and government loans are subject to credit eligibility overlays imposed by SoFi as well as individual investor requirements. Other non-agency loans originated by us, such as Jumbo loans, are subject to investor credit criteria, which typically includes a minimum tri-bureau credit score, established credit history requirements, income verification, as well as maximum limits on debt-to-income service and caps on loan-to-value based on an accredited appraisal. 
 We also leverage our data to provide existing members a streamlined application process through automation. Across our loan products, existing members generally experience a higher approval rate than new members, subject to the existing member being in good standing on their existing products. 
 Technology Platform Segment 
 We provide technology platform services through a diversified suite of offerings which include an event and authorization platform accessed via application programming interfaces, a cloud-native digital and core banking platform and services related to both platforms. Our customers include financial and non-financial institutions in North and Latin America. We earn technology product and solutions revenue through the use of the platforms, either on a per use basis, or from overall license and maintenance fee service arrangements related to those respective platforms. We also offer additional add-on technology solutions to support our clients and drive engagement, such as an AI-based virtual assistant for customers of banks and financial institutions, and a real-time payment risk platform to enhance payment fraud mitigation strategies for financial customers. We continue to leverage investments made to integrate Galileo and Technisys and position the Technology Platform segment for diversified durable growth. 

9 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Financial Services Segment 
 Our suite of financial services products, by nature, provides more daily interactions with our members and is, therefore, differentiated from our lending products, which inherently have less consistent touchpoints with our members. We offer a suite of financial services solutions, the most significant of which are discussed below. 
 SoFi Money 
 Checking and savings accounts provide a digital banking experience which allows members to spend, save and earn interest and rewards in flexible ways. We believe SoFi Checking and Savings accounts held at SoFi Bank are attractive to our members and prospective members due to our differentiated offerings, including competitive interest rates, access to expanded FDIC insurance coverage of up to 2 million through our Insured Deposit Program and the convenience and benefits of being part of a cohesive, simplified financial ecosystem within our mobile platform. 
 SoFi Bank has also continued to expand its services. In the fourth quarter of 2022, SoFi Bank gained direct access to debit networks and began to perform certain services previously sponsored by the third party bank, including debit card issuance, and processing and settlement of ACH, check, and wire transactions. 
 Our legacy cash management product utilizes a sweep administrator to sweep funds to and from program banks, as necessary, under a program broker agreement between SoFi Securities and the sweep administrator, as well as program account and program bank agreements with a variety of sweep program banks. Since becoming a bank, a significant portion of remaining cash management account balances are swept to SoFi Bank as a program bank. The program broker agreement provides for one-year terms that automatically renew and is terminable by either party with at least 90 days prior written notice. Historically, the program account agreements and program bank agreements provided for the rate of interest payable on the balances in a member s cash management account. Following the Bank Merger, we began to allow members to convert their cash management accounts into checking and savings accounts held at SoFi Bank. Effective June 5, 2022, most of our SoFi Money cash management accounts no longer earn interest, as we implemented our plan to build new features only for SoFi Checking and Savings and reduce support of our SoFi Money cash management accounts. 
 SoFi Invest 
 SoFi Invest is a mobile-first investment platform offering members access to trading and advisory solutions, such as active investing and robo-advisory. Our interactive investing experience fosters engagement by allowing members to view and monitor other investors activity on the platform. We view SoFi Invest as an attractive first product for members who may later become deposit account holders or borrow with SoFi. 
 Our active investing service enables members to buy and sell stocks and ETFs, as well as alternative investment funds, mutual funds and money market funds beginning in January 2024, to engage in options trading, to purchase shares in IPOs before they trade on an exchange, to buy and sell fractional shares, to engage in margin investing and to access a retirement savings account. Our robo-advisory service offers managed portfolios of stocks, bonds and ETFs. Additionally, we provide introductory brokerage services to our members and have invested heavily to create an appealing mobile investing experience. 
 In connection with our approval as a bank holding company in February 2022, the Federal Reserve determined that the activities of SoFi Digital Assets, LLC in providing members with the ability to buy or sell various digital currencies through SoFi Digital Assets, LLC's omnibus account with a third-party custodian is not a permissible activity under the Bank Holding Company Act and Regulation Y. However, under Section 4 of the Bank Holding Company Act, the Federal Reserve has permitted us to continue our current digital assets related offering for a two-year conformance period from the date we became a bank holding company, with the possibility for three one-year extensions, provided that we do not expand our impermissible activities, except as authorized by the Bank Holding Company Act and Regulation Y, or increase our established risk limits for total customer digital assets maintained in wallets that are accessible online, referred to as hot wallets , or held on balance sheet. Based on this, in the fourth quarter of 2023, we made the decision to transfer the crypto services provided within SoFi Digital Assets, LLC, and began closing existing digital assets accounts. See Note 1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards for additional information on the transfer of the crypto services. 
 Other 
 Additional financial services solutions offered within our platform include: 
 SoFi Credit Card : Designed to help eligible members spend better with cash back rewards on every purchase and without limits. Our unlimited cash back credit card features no annual fee, no foreign transaction fees and flexible redemption options through statement credit or other SoFi products. 

10 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Lantern Credit: A financial services marketplace platform developed to help applicants that do not qualify for SoFi products to seek alternative products from other providers, as well as to provide a product comparison experience. 
 Other lending as a service: Includes referred loans which are originated by a third-party partner to which we provide pre-qualified borrower referrals, and certain loans which we originate and subsequently sell to a third-party partner. 
 SoFi Relay: A personal finance management product that allows members to track all of their financial accounts in one place and gain meaningful insights into their financial health and habits, such as credit score monitoring and spending behaviors. SoFi Relay also provides us with unified intelligence about our members that offers information about what SoFi products and features may help our members best achieve their financial goals, allowing us to further personalize the SoFi experience for our members. 
 SoFi Protect : A service through which we partner with providers who offer insurance products to help our members protect their assets, including providers across auto, life, homeowners, renters, and cyber insurance products and estate planning. 
 SoFi Travel : A service through which we partner with a provider to offer an easy travel search and booking experience that can be managed directly through the SoFi app or website, alongside expanded member benefits including member prices on certain bookings and additional cash back rewards on purchases made with SoFi Credit Card. 
 SoFi At Work : A service through which we partner with other enterprises looking for a seamless way to provide financial benefits to their employees, such as student loan payments made on their employees behalf. 
 We believe that the content and features we provide within our mobile application can spur more financial education, which leads to more ways for our members to actively engage in getting their money right and can ultimately demonstrate the effectiveness of our Financial Services Productivity Loop. 

Competition 
 We compete at multiple levels, including: (i) competition among other personal loan, student loan, credit card and residential mortgage lenders, (ii) competition for deposits among other banks, some challenger banks and a variety of technology and retail companies, (iii) competition for investment accounts among other introductory brokerage firms and a variety of technology and other companies, (iv) competition for subscribers to financial services content, and (v) competition among other technology platforms for the enterprise services we provide, such as platform as a service and cloud-native digital and core banking services. 
 Competition to fund prime loans. The prime lending market is highly fragmented and competitive. We face competition from a diverse landscape of consumer lenders, including other banks, credit unions and specialty finance lenders, as well as alternative technology-enabled lenders. 
 Competition to acquire deposits. Although we now operate a bank, many other banks are larger, have been in business longer and often have greater brand awareness than us. Some large technology and retail companies have large consumer bases and strong balance sheets, which could enhance their competitive ability. 
 Competition to acquire investment brokerage accounts. We face competition from brokerage platforms that provide some of the same features as us, such as a mobile brokerage experience, robo-investing, fractional share investing and options trading. In addition, the leading incumbent brokerage firms are larger, have been in business longer and generally have greater brand awareness than us. Technology and other companies have begun to offer some basic investing features and the ability to buy and sell digital and other assets. 
 Competition to attract financial services content viewership. There are many sources of financial news in the marketplace, many of which are more established and have a larger subscriber base. 
 Competition for technology products and solutions. Generally, these arrangements are multi-year contracts, which require us to spend the necessary resources on implementation and interconnecting new clients onto our platform. We face competition from larger institutions that could make investments into an integrated platform as a service solution or to a cloud-native digital and core banking solution, and also undercut our pricing, preventing our current clients from renewing, while also impeding our attempts to acquire new clients. 

11 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

Marketing 
 Our sales and marketing efforts are designed to drive brand awareness, improve member acquisition efficiency and accelerate our Financial Services Productivity Loop. We attract and retain members through multiple marketing channels, including social media, traditional media such as the press, online affiliations, search engine optimization, search engine marketing, offline partnerships and sponsorship arrangements, preapproved direct mailings and television advertising. We continue to optimize our marketing strategy through a focus on our full suite of financial products and iterate on opportunities to accelerate the Financial Services Productivity Loop. 

Government Supervision and Regulation 
 We are subject to extensive and complex supervision and examination by various federal, state and local government authorities designed to, among other things, protect depositors, borrowers and other customers. The following is a summary of certain aspects of the various statutes and regulations applicable to us and our subsidiaries. This summary is not a comprehensive analysis of all applicable laws, and is qualified by reference to the full text of statutes and regulations referenced below, which may be modified or amended from time to time. 
 As a bank holding company, we are subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve under the BHCA, and SoFi Bank is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the OCC, and beginning January 1, 2024, SoFi Bank and its affiliates became subject to supervision and examination by the CFPB. SoFi Securities is subject to regulation by FINRA and the SEC and the Company and its affiliates are subject to supervision and examination by various state regulators. 
 Bank Holding Company Regulation. The Federal Reserve has the authority, among other things, to order bank holding companies such as the Company to cease and desist from unsafe or unsound banking practices, to assess civil money penalties and to order termination of non-banking activities or termination of ownership and control of a non-banking subsidiary by a bank holding company. 
 Source of Strength. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, we are required to serve as a source of financial strength for SoFi Bank. This means that we may be required to provide capital or liquidity support to SoFi Bank, even at times when we may not have the resources to provide such support to SoFi Bank. 
 Acquisitions and Activities. The BHCA prohibits a bank holding company, without prior approval of the Federal Reserve, from acquiring all or substantially all the assets of a bank, acquiring control of a bank, merging or consolidating with another bank holding company, or acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting shares of another bank or bank holding company if, after such acquisition, the acquiring bank holding company would control more than 5 of any class of the voting shares of such other bank or bank holding company. The BHCA also prohibits a bank holding company from engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks or furnishing services to its subsidiary banks. However, a bank holding company may engage in and may own shares of companies engaged in activities that the Federal Reserve has determined, by order or regulation, to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto. 
 The Company has elected to be treated as a financial holding company pursuant to Section 4(l) of the BHC Act. As a financial holding company, the Company is authorized to engage in a broader set of financial activities than a bank holding company that has not elected to be treated as a financial holding company, including insurance underwriting and broker-dealer services as well as activities that are jointly determined by the Federal Reserve and the U.S. Treasury to be financial in nature or incidental to such financial activity. Financial holding companies may also engage in activities that are determined by the Federal Reserve to be complementary to financial activities. Financial activities is broadly defined to include not only banking, insurance and securities activities, but also merchant banking and additional activities that the Federal Reserve, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, determines to be financial in nature, incidental to such financial activities, or complementary activities that do not pose a substantial risk to the safety and soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally. 
 If a financial holding company or any depository institution subsidiary of a financial holding company fails to remain well capitalized and well managed, the Federal Reserve may impose such limitations on the conduct or activities of the financial holding company as the Federal Reserve determines to be appropriate, and the company and its affiliates may not commence any new activity or acquire control of shares of any company engaged in any activity that is authorized particularly 

12 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 for financial holding companies without first obtaining the approval of the Federal Reserve. The Company must also comply with all applicable Federal Reserve requirements for financial holding companies. If a financial holding company remains out of compliance for 180 days or such longer period as the Federal Reserve permits, the Federal Reserve may require the financial holding company to divest either its insured depository institution or all of its non-banking subsidiaries engaged in activities not permissible for a bank holding company. If an insured depository institution subsidiary of a financial holding company fails to maintain a satisfactory or better record of performance under the Community Reinvestment Act, the financial holding company will be prohibited, until the rating is raised to satisfactory or better, from engaging in new activities authorized particularly for financial holding companies or acquiring companies engaged in such activities. 
 Limitations on Acquisitions of Our Common Stock. The Change in Bank Control Act prohibits a person or group of persons acting in concert from acquiring control of a bank holding company unless the Federal Reserve has been notified and has not objected to the transaction. Under a rebuttable presumption established by the Federal Reserve, the acquisition by a person or group of persons acting in concert of 10 or more of a class of voting securities of a bank holding company with a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act constitutes the acquisition of control of a bank holding company for purposes of the Change in Bank Control Act. In addition, the BHCA prohibits any company from acquiring control of a bank or bank holding company without first having obtained the approval of the Federal Reserve. Under the BHCA, a company is deemed to control a bank or bank holding company if the company owns, controls or holds with power to vote 25 or more of a class of voting securities of the bank or bank holding company, controls in any manner the election of a majority of directors or trustees of the bank or bank holding company, or the Federal Reserve determines that the company has the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of the bank or bank holding company. Under a rebuttable presumption of control established by the Federal Reserve, the acquisition of control of more than 5 of a class of voting securities of a bank holding company, together with other factors enumerated by the Federal Reserve, could constitute the acquisition of control of a bank holding company under the BHCA. 
 Bank Regulation. SoFi Bank is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the OCC. Additionally, the FDIC has secondary supervisory authority as the insurer of SoFi Bank s deposits. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the Federal Reserve may directly examine the subsidiaries of the Company, including SoFi Bank. The enforcement powers available to the federal banking regulators include, among other things, the ability to issue cease and desist or removal orders; to terminate insurance of deposits, to assess civil money penalties, to issue directives to increase capital, to place SoFi Bank into receivership, and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. 
 CFPB Regulation. Beginning January 1, 2024, SoFi Bank and its affiliates became subject to supervision and regulation by the CFPB with respect to federal consumer protection laws, including laws relating to fair lending and the prohibition of unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in connection with the offer, sale or provision of consumer financial products and services. As part of its regulatory oversight, the CFPB has authority to take enforcement actions against firms that offer certain products and services to consumers using practices that are deemed to be unfair, deceptive or abusive. 
 Deposit Insurance. Deposit obligations of SoFi Bank are insured by the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund up to 250,000 per depositor. Deposit insurance premiums are based on assets, while taking into account various factors, including certain financial metrics and a bank s supervisory ratings. The FDIC has the authority to adjust deposit insurance assessment rates at any time. Further through SoFi Money, members have access to expanded FDIC insurance coverage of up to 2 million through a reciprocal deposit network of participating banks in our Insured Deposit Program. Under the FDIA, insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC if the FDIC finds that the insured depository institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. For 2023, the FDIC insurance expense for SoFi Bank was 21.7 million. 
 Activities and Investments of National Banking Associations. National banking associations must comply with the National Bank Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder by the OCC, which generally limit the activities of national banking associations to those that are deemed to be part of, or incidental to, the business of banking . Activities that are part of, or incidental to, the business of banking include taking deposits, borrowing and lending money and discounting or negotiating promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange, and other evidences of debt. Subsidiaries of national banking associations generally may only engage in activities permissible for the parent national bank. 
 Acquisitions and Branching. Prior approval from the OCC is required in order for SoFi Bank to acquire another bank or establish a new branch office. Well capitalized and well managed banks may acquire other banks in any state, subject to certain deposit concentration limits and other conditions, pursuant to the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 Brokered Deposits. The FDIA and FDIC regulations generally limit the ability of an insured depository institution to accept, renew or roll over any brokered deposit unless the institution s capital category is well capitalized or, with the FDIC s 

13 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 approval, adequately capitalized. Certain depository institutions that have brokered deposits in excess of 10 of total assets are subject to increased FDIC deposit insurance premium assessments; however, for institutions that are well capitalized and have a CAMELS composite rating of 1 or 2, reciprocal deposits are deducted from brokered deposits. Section 202 of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (the Economic Growth Act ), which was enacted in 2018, amended the FDIA to exempt a capped amount of reciprocal deposits from treatment as brokered deposits for certain insured depository institutions. 
 Community Reinvestment Act. The CRA requires the OCC to evaluate SoFi Bank s performance in helping to meet the credit needs of the entire communities it serves, including low and moderate-income neighborhoods, consistent with its safe and sound banking operation. A bank s performance under the CRA is taken into consideration when evaluating and approving applications for charters, bank mergers, acquisitions, and branch openings. On January 1, 2023, SoFi Bank began operating under a five-year CRA strategic plan which includes measurable goals relating to: (i) CD Lending and CD Investments, (ii) CD Contributions, (iii) CD Services, (iv) Small Business Lending, and (v) Retail Services and Products. SoFi Bank s 2023-2027 CRA performance will be examined based upon the CRA strategic plan s five measurable goals as defined in the strategic plan and, as a result, the OCC s standard performance evaluation criteria will not be utilized to evaluate SoFi Bank s CRA performance throughout the duration of the strategic plan period. The OCC rates a national bank s compliance with the CRA as Outstanding , Satisfactory , Needs to Improve or Substantial Noncompliance . On October 23, 2023, the Federal Reserve, OCC and FDIC approved changes to their CRA regulations, maintaining the existing CRA ratings (Outstanding, Satisfactory, Needs to Improve, and Substantial Noncompliance) but modifying the evaluation framework to replace the existing tests generally applicable to banks with at least 2 billion in assets (the lending, investment, and services tests) with four new tests and associated performance metrics. The new CRA regulations will become effective on January 1, 2026. Failure of SoFi Bank to receive at least a Satisfactory rating could inhibit SoFi Bank or the Company from undertaking certain activities, including acquisitions of other financial institutions. Golden Pacific Bank, the predecessor to SoFi Bank, received a Satisfactory rating as of April 1, 2019. 
 Lending Restrictions . Federal law limits a bank s authority to extend credit to directors and executive officers of the bank or its affiliates and persons or companies that own, control or have power to vote more than 10 of any class of securities of a bank or an affiliate of a bank, as well as to entities controlled by such persons. Among other things, extensions of credit to insiders are required to be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons. The terms of such extensions of credit may not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features and may not exceed certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons, individually and in the aggregate, which limits are based, in part, on the amount of the bank s capital. 
 Enhanced Prudential Supervision. Both SoFi Bank and the Company, which controls SoFi Bank, had total consolidated assets in excess of 10 billion as of December 31, 2023 which subjects them to additional regulatory requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act and other federal banking laws. 
 Section 1025 of the Dodd-Frank Act and the CFPB s interpretations thereof provide that the CFPB has authority to examine any insured depository institution and with total assets of more than 10 billion for four consecutive quarters and any affiliate thereof. Beginning January 1, 2024, SoFi Bank and its affiliates became subject to CFPB supervision and regulation with respect to federal consumer protection laws, including laws relating to fair lending and the prohibition of unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in connection with the offer, sale or provision of consumer financial products and services. As part of its regulatory oversight, the CFPB has authority to take enforcement actions against firms that offer certain products and services to consumers using practices that are deemed to be unfair, deceptive or abusive. 
 Section 1075 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which is commonly known as the Durbin Amendment , amended the Electronic Fund Transfer Act to restrict the amount of interchange fees that may be charged and prohibit network exclusivity for debit card transactions. The restrictions on interchange fees became applicable to SoFi Bank on July 1, 2023, which may negatively impact future interchange fees. 
 In addition, Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act, commonly known as the Volcker Rule , which generally prohibits banking entities from engaging in proprietary trading and from acquiring or retaining an ownership interest in or sponsoring certain types of investment funds, applies to insured depository institutions if it, and every company that controls it, has total consolidated assets of 10 billion or more and consolidated trading assets and liabilities that are 5 or more of consolidated assets. The Volcker Rule, while applicable, does not significantly impact the operations of the Company and SoFi Bank, as we do not engage in a significant amount of activity that is subject to the Volcker Rule. 
 Finally, Section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Act, as amended by the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act, and 12 C.F.R. Part 30 require the Federal Reserve and the OCC, respectively, to implement enhanced prudential 

14 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 regulation applicable to bank holding companies with consolidated assets of 100 billion or more and national banks with total assets of 50 billion or more. The enhanced prudential standards include risk-based and leverage capital requirements, liquidity standards, requirements for overall risk management, and stress-test requirements. Once the Company s or SoFi Bank s assets are equal to or greater than the applicable asset thresholds, we will be subject to these enhanced prudential regulations. 
 Capital Adequacy and Safety and Soundness 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements. The Federal Reserve and the OCC have issued substantially similar risk-based and leverage capital rules applicable to U.S. banking organizations such as the Company and SoFi Bank. These rules are intended to reflect the relationship between the banking organization s capital and the degree of risk associated with its operations based on transactions recorded on-balance sheet as well as off-balance sheet items. The Federal Reserve and the OCC may from time to time require that a banking organization maintain capital above the minimum levels discussed below, due to the banking organization s financial condition or actual or anticipated growth. 
 The capital adequacy rules define qualifying capital instruments and specify minimum amounts of capital as a percentage of assets that banking organizations are required to maintain. Common equity Tier 1 capital generally includes common stock and related surplus, retained earnings and, in certain cases and subject to certain limitations, minority interests in consolidated subsidiaries, less goodwill, other non-qualifying intangible assets and certain other deductions. Tier 1 capital for banks and bank holding companies generally consists of the sum of common equity Tier 1 capital, non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, and related surplus and, in certain cases and subject to limitations, minority interests in consolidated subsidiaries that do not qualify as common equity Tier 1 capital, less certain deductions. Tier 2 capital generally consists of hybrid capital instruments, perpetual debt and mandatory convertible debt securities, cumulative perpetual preferred stock, term subordinated debt and intermediate-term preferred stock, and, subject to limitations, allowances for loan losses. The sum of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital less certain required deductions represents qualifying total risk-based capital. 
 Under the capital rules, risk-based capital ratios are calculated by dividing common equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital, and total capital, respectively , by risk-weighted assets. Assets and off-balance sheet credit equivalents are assigned to one of several categories of risk weights based primarily on relative credit risk. The Tier 1 leverage ratio is calculated by dividing Tier 1 capital by average assets, less certain items such as goodwill and intangible assets, as permitted under the capital rules. 
 Under the Federal Reserve s rules that are applicable to the Company and the OCC s capital rules applicable to SoFi Bank, the Company and SoFi Bank are each required to maintain a minimum common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 4.5 , a minimum Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 6.0 , a minimum total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 8.0 and a minimum leverage ratio requirement of 4.0 . Additionally, these rules require an institution to establish a capital conservation buffer of common equity Tier 1 capital in an amount above the minimum risk-based capital requirements for adequately capitalized institutions of more than 2.5 of total risk weighted assets, or face restrictions on the ability to pay dividends, pay discretionary bonuses and to engage in share repurchases. 
 Under the OCC s prompt corrective action rules, an OCC supervised institution is considered well capitalized if it: (i) has a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 10.0 or greater, (ii) a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 8.0 or greater, (iii) a common Tier 1 equity ratio of 6.5 or greater, (iv) a leverage capital ratio of 5.0 or greater, and (v) is not subject to any written agreement, order, capital directive or prompt corrective action directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. SoFi Bank is considered well capitalized under all regulatory definitions. 
 Generally, a bank, upon receiving notice that it is not adequately capitalized (i.e., that it is undercapitalized ), becomes subject to the prompt corrective action provisions of Section 38 of the FDIA that, for example: (i) restrict payment of capital distributions and management fees, (ii) require that its federal bank regulator monitor the condition of the institution and its efforts to restore its capital, (iii) require submission of a capital restoration plan, (iv) restrict the growth of the institution s assets, and (v) require prior regulatory approval of certain expansion proposals. A bank that is required to submit a capital restoration plan must concurrently submit a performance guarantee by each company that controls the bank. A bank that is critically undercapitalized (i.e., has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 will be subject to further restrictions, and generally will be placed in conservatorship or receivership within 90 days. 
 Current capital rules do not establish standards for determining whether a bank holding company is well capitalized. However, for purposes of processing regulatory applications and notices, the Federal Reserve s Regulation Y provides that a bank holding company is considered well capitalized if: (i) on a consolidated basis, the bank holding company maintains a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, (ii) on a consolidated basis, the bank holding company maintains a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater, and (iii) the bank holding company is not subject to any written agreement, order, capital 

15 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 directive, or prompt corrective action directive issued by the Federal Reserve to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. 
 Safety and Soundness Standard. Guidelines adopted by the federal bank regulatory agencies pursuant to the FDIA establish general standards relating to internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings, and compensation and benefits. In general, these guidelines require, among other things, appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage the risk and exposures specified in the guidelines. The guidelines prohibit excessive compensation as an unsafe and unsound practice and describe compensation as excessive when the amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by an executive officer, employee, director or principal shareholder. In addition, the federal banking agencies adopted regulations that authorize, but do not require, an agency to order an institution that has been given notice by an agency that it is not satisfying any of such safety and soundness standards to submit a compliance plan. If, after being so notified, an institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan or fails in any material respect to implement an acceptable compliance plan, the agency must issue an order restricting asset growth, requiring an institution to increase its ratio of tangible equity to assets or directing action to correct the deficiency and may issue an order other actions of the types to which an undercapitalized institution is subject under the prompt corrective action provisions of the FDIA. See Regulatory Capital Requirements above. If an institution fails to comply with such an order, the agency may seek to enforce such order in judicial proceedings and to impose civil money penalties. 
 Dividend Restrictions 
 The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from its subsidiaries. The right of the Company, and consequently the right of shareholders of the Company, to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of its subsidiaries through the payment of dividends or otherwise is subject to the prior claims of creditors of the subsidiaries, including, with respect to SoFi Bank, depositors of SoFi Bank, except to the extent that certain claims of the Company in a creditor capacity may be recognized. 
 Restrictions on Bank Holding Company Dividends . The Federal Reserve has the authority to prohibit bank holding companies from paying dividends if such payment is deemed to be an unsafe or unsound practice. The Federal Reserve has indicated generally that it may be an unsafe or unsound practice for bank holding companies to pay dividends on regulatory capital instruments unless the bank holding company s net income over the preceding year is sufficient to fund the dividends and the expected rate of earnings retention is consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. In addition, under Federal Reserve policy, the Company should inform the Federal Reserve reasonably in advance of declaring or paying a dividend on regulatory capital instruments that exceeds earnings for the period for which the dividend is being paid or that could result in a material adverse change to the Company s capital structure. Further, under the Federal Reserve s capital rules, the Company s ability to pay dividends is restricted if it does not maintain capital above the capital conservation buffer. See Capital Adequacy and Safety and Soundness Regulatory Capital Requirements above. 
 Restrictions on Bank Dividends . The OCC has the authority to use its enforcement powers to prohibit a bank from paying dividends if, in its opinion, the payment of dividends would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. Federal law also prohibits the payment of dividends by a bank that will result in the bank failing to meet its applicable capital requirements on a pro forma basis. In addition, under the National Bank Act, SoFi Bank generally may, without prior approval of the OCC, declare a dividend so long as the total amount of all dividends (common and preferred), including the proposed dividend, in the current year do not exceed net income for the current year to date plus retained net income for the prior two years. 
 Certain Transactions by Bank Holding Companies with their Affiliates 
 There are various statutory restrictions on the extent to which bank holding companies and their non-bank subsidiaries may borrow, obtain credit from or otherwise engage in covered transactions with their insured depository institution subsidiaries. An insured depository institution (and its subsidiaries) may not lend money to, or engage in covered transactions with, its non-depository institution affiliates if the aggregate amount of covered transactions outstanding involving the bank, plus the proposed transaction exceeds the following limits: (i) in the case of any one such affiliate, the aggregate amount of covered transactions of the insured depository institution and its subsidiaries cannot exceed 10 of the capital stock and surplus of the insured depository institution, and (ii) in the case of all affiliates, the aggregate amount of covered transactions of the insured depository institution and its subsidiaries cannot exceed 20 of the capital stock and surplus of the insured depository institution. For this purpose, covered transactions are defined by statute to include a loan or extension of credit to an affiliate; a purchase of or investment in securities issued by an affiliate; a purchase of assets from an affiliate unless exempted by the Federal Reserve; the acceptance of securities issued by an affiliate as collateral for a loan or extension of credit to any person or company; the issuance of a guarantee, acceptance or letter of credit on behalf of an affiliate; securities borrowing or lending transactions with an affiliate that creates a credit exposure to such affiliate; or a derivatives transaction with an affiliate that 

16 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 creates a credit exposure to such affiliate. Covered transactions are also subject to certain collateral security requirements. Covered transactions as well as other types of transactions between a bank and a bank holding company must be conducted under terms and conditions, including credit standards, which are at least as favorable to the bank as prevailing market terms. Moreover, Section 106 of the Bank Holding Company Act Amendments of 1970 provides that, to further competition, a bank holding company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tying arrangements in connection with any extension of credit, lease or sale of property of any kind, or the furnishing of any service. 
 Consumer Financial Services Laws and Regulations 
 We are subject to federal and state laws designed to protect consumers and prohibit unfair or deceptive business practices. These laws and regulations mandate certain disclosure requirements and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must interact with customers when taking deposits, making loans, collecting loans and providing other services. The CFPB also has a broad mandate to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices, which can be referred to as UDAAP , and is specifically empowered to require certain disclosures to consumers and draft model disclosure forms. Failure to comply with consumer protection laws and regulations can subject financial institutions to enforcement actions, fines and other penalties. Prior to January 1, 2024, the OCC examined SoFi Bank for compliance with CFPB rules and enforced CFPB rules with respect to SoFi Bank. As noted above, beginning January 1, 2024, SoFi Bank and its affiliates became subject to supervision and regulation by the CFPB as an insured depository institution with total assets of more than 10 billion. 
 Truth in Lending Act. The TILA and Regulation Z, which implements it, require lenders to provide consumers with uniform, understandable information concerning certain terms and conditions of their loan and credit transactions prior to the consummation of a credit transaction and, in the case of certain education, mortgage, and open-end loans, at the time of a loan solicitation, application, approval and origination of a credit transaction. TILA also regulates the advertising of credit, including limitations on co-branding private education lender s products with educational institutions in the marketing of private education loans, and gives borrowers, among other things, certain rights regarding updated disclosures and periodic statements, security interests taken to secure the credit, the right to rescind certain loan transactions, a right to an investigation and resolution of billing errors, and the treatment of credit balances. For certain types of credit transactions, lenders are not permitted to originate loans with certain high-risk features, such as negative amortization and balloon payments, and must provide certain consumer protections during the underwriting and origination process, such as providing a right to an appraisal of mortgaged property, and verifying the consumer s ability to repay the loan prior to making a decision to approve an application for the loan. Private education lenders must provide multiple disclosures to applicants under TILA and must provide applicants with 30 days in which to accept or reject a loan offer as well as the right to rescind the loan transaction for three business days following receipt of the Final TILA disclosure. 
 Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. The federal RESPA and Regulation X, which implements it, require certain disclosures to be made to the borrower at application, as to the lender s initial disclosures (or good faith estimate) of loan origination costs, and at closing with respect to the real estate settlement statement; apply to certain loan servicing practices including escrow accounts, member complaints, servicing transfers, lender-placed insurance, error resolution and loss mitigation. RESPA also prohibits giving or accepting any fee, kickback or a thing of value for the referral of real estate settlement services, and giving or accepting any portion of any fee charged for rendering a real estate settlement service other than for services actually performed. To the extent that a lender makes or receives a referral to a third-party with whom it has an affiliated business arrangement, for settlement services, RESPA requires a disclosure to the customer of the affiliation to the service provider. For most home loans, the time of application (loan estimate) and time of loan closing disclosure requirements for RESPA and TILA have been combined into integrated disclosures under the TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure rule. 
 Equal Credit Opportunity Act. The federal ECOA prohibits creditors from discriminating against credit applicants on the basis of race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, marital status, the fact that all or part of the applicant s income derives from any public assistance program or the fact that the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the federal Consumer Credit Protection Act or any applicable state law. Regulation B, which implements ECOA, restricts creditors from requesting certain types of information from loan applicants and from using advertising or making statements that would discourage on a prohibited basis a reasonable person from making or pursuing an application. ECOA also requires creditors to provide consumers and certain small businesses with timely responses to applications for credit, including notices of adverse action taken on credit applications. 
 Fair Housing Act. The federal FHA applies to credit related to housing and prohibits discrimination on the basis of race or color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status and handicap. The FHA prohibits discrimination in advertising regarding the sale or rental of a dwelling, which includes mortgage credit discrimination. The FHA may place restrictions on a creditor s targeted marketing strategies, due to the risk that such strategies may increase a creditor s fair lending risk. 

17 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Home Mortgage Disclosure Act. The federal HMDA requires lenders to collect, report and disclose certain information about their mortgage lending activity to the CFPB. Much of the data reported pursuant to HMDA is made public and can be used by regulators and third parties to ascertain information about our mortgage lending activity. Regulators and litigants may use the data to make inferences about our compliance with ECOA, FHA and similar anti-discrimination laws. Effective in 2018, the CFPB issued a final rule which greatly expanded the amount of data that mortgage lenders are required to collect and report under HMDA. 
 Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act. We employ and contract with mortgage loan originators which are required by state and federal law to be licensed as mortgage loan originators in the relevant jurisdictions where they operate. To obtain and maintain licensure, the mortgage loan originator must meet the minimum education, experience and character requirements set forth by the relevant state s law, and periodically renew their licenses. We may not be permitted to employ, take applications from, or originate loans processed by mortgage loan originators who fail to maintain a license in good standing in each relevant jurisdiction. 
 Fair Credit Reporting Act. The federal FCRA, as amended by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies. FCRA requires a permissible purpose to obtain a consumer credit report and requires persons that furnish loan payment information to credit bureaus to report such information accurately. We are also required to perform a reasonable investigation in the event we receive indirect disputes from the credit bureaus about the accuracy of our credit reporting for a particular consumer and to update any inaccurate information we discover. FCRA also imposes disclosure requirements on creditors who take adverse action on credit applications based on information contained in a consumer report or received from a third party and requires creditors who use consumer reports in establishing loan terms to provide risk-based pricing or credit score notices to affected consumers. FCRA also imposes rules and disclosure requirements on creditors use of consumer reports for marketing purposes, which impacts our ability to use consumer reports and prescreened lists to market consumer loans through direct mail and other means. 
 Fair Debt Collection Practices Act. The federal FDCPA provides guidelines and limitations on the conduct of third-party debt collectors in connection with the collection of consumer debts. The FDCPA limits certain communications with third parties, imposes notice and debt validation requirements, and prohibits threatening, harassing or abusive conduct in the course of debt collection. While the FDCPA applies to third-party debt collectors, and not original creditors, debt collection and loan servicing laws of certain states impose similar requirements on creditors who collect their own debts or contract with third parties to collect their debts. In addition, the CFPB prohibits UDAAP in debt collection, including first-party debt collection. The CFPB s Regulation F, which implements the FDCPA, addresses communications in connection with debt collection, interprets and applies prohibitions on harassment or abuse, false or misleading representations, and unfair practices in debt collection, and clarifies requirements for certain consumer-facing debt collection disclosures. 
 Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. The federal SCRA allows military members to suspend or postpone certain civil obligations so that the military member can devote his or her full attention to military duties. The SCRA requires us to adjust the interest rate of borrowers who qualify for and request relief. The SCRA also places limitations on remedies that may otherwise be available to a creditor, such as foreclosures and default judgments. 
 Military Lending Act. The MLA restricts, among other things, the interest rate and other terms that can be offered to active military personnel and their dependents. The MLA caps the interest rate that may be offered to a covered borrower for most types of consumer credit to a 36 military annual percentage rate, or MAPR , which includes certain fees such as application fees, participation fees and fees for add-on products. The MLA also requires certain disclosures and prohibits certain terms, such as mandatory arbitration if a dispute arises concerning the consumer credit product. 
 Electronic Fund Transfer Act and NACHA Rules. The federal EFTA, and Regulation E that implements it, provide guidelines and restrictions on the provision of electronic fund transfer services to consumers, and on making an electronic transfer of funds from consumers bank accounts. In addition, transfers performed by electronic transfers using the ACH network are subject to detailed timing and notification rules and guidelines administered by the NACHA. Most transfers of funds in connection with the origination and repayment of loans are performed by electronic fund transfers, such as ACH transfers. We obtain necessary electronic authorization from borrowers and investors for such transfers in compliance with such rules. EFTA requires that lenders make available loan payment methods other than automatic preauthorized electronic fund transfers, and prohibits lenders from conditioning the approval of a loan transaction on the borrower s agreement to repay the loan through automatic fund transfers. Recently, the NACHA Board of Directors approved a change in the NACHA Operating Rules that requires ACH Originators to perform account validation as part of their commercially reasonable fraudulent transaction detection systems. 

18 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act/Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. The federal ESIGN, and similar state laws, particularly the UETA, authorize the creation of legally binding and enforceable agreements utilizing electronic records and signatures. ESIGN and UETA require businesses that want to use electronic records or signatures in consumer transactions and to provide electronic disclosures and other electronic communications to consumers, to obtain the consumer s consent to receive information electronically. 
 Bank Secrecy Act . We have implemented various anti-money laundering policies and procedures to comply with applicable federal anti-money laundering laws, regulations and requirements, such as designating a BSA officer, conducting an annual risk assessment, developing internal controls, independent testing, training, and suspicious activity monitoring and reporting. We apply the customer identification and verification program rules pursuant to the USA PATRIOT Act amendments to the BSA and its implementing regulations and screen certain customer information against the list of specially designated nationals and other lists of sanctioned countries, persons, and entities maintained by the Treasury Department s OFAC. Additionally, SoFi Digital Assets, LLC is registered with and regulated by the FinCEN as a MSB with respect to its digital assets business activities, which were transferred in the first quarter of 2024. As an MSB, we are subject to FinCEN regulations implementing the BSA, which requires MSBs to develop and implement risk-based anti-money laundering programs, report large cash transactions and suspicious activity, and maintain transaction records, among other requirements. Similarly, SoFi Bank is a financial institution under the BSA that is required to implement a risk-based anti-money laundering program, including customer identification procedures, currency transaction reporting, suspicious activity monitoring and reporting and other recordkeeping requirements. In addition, our contracts with financial institution partners and other third parties may contractually require us to maintain an anti-money laundering program. 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control. The U.S. has imposed economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries, nationals and others. These sanctions, which are administered by OFAC, take many different forms. Generally, however, they contain one or more of the following elements: (i) restrictions on trade with or investment in a sanctioned country, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned country and prohibitions on U.S. persons engaging in financial or other transactions relating to a sanctioned country or with certain designated persons and entities; (ii) a blocking of assets in which the government or specially designated nationals of the sanctioned country have an interest, by prohibiting transfers of property subject to U.S. jurisdiction (including property in the possession or control of U.S. persons); and (iii) restrictions on transactions with or involving certain persons or entities. Blocked assets (for example, property and bank deposits) cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the Company. 
 Loan Servicing. We are subject to CFPB supervision and regulation of our loan servicing activities conducted by SoFi Bank and SoFi Lending Corp. even in scenarios where we have engaged third-party servicers such as MOHELA to service our private education loans and Cenlar FSB to service our home loans. In addition, for so long as SoFi Lending Corp. acts as servicer of any of our private education loans, we are subject to certain state licensing requirements applicable to student loan servicers even though we have engaged MOHELA to service our private education loans, as we retain master servicing rights. With respect to our broader consumer loan business, we are subject to federal and state laws regulating loan servicers. We are impacted by these rules even though we service loans we originate, and engage third parties like MOHELA and Cenlar FSB to service certain types of loans, because some state laws, such as the California Rosenthal Act, apply to creditors and first party servicers. Some state laws also apply to parties that indirectly service loans through the use of third-party servicer contracts. Additionally, we sell some of the loans we originate to third parties and are therefore subject to laws governing parties that service loans on behalf of another person to whom the debt is owed. We are currently licensed as a loan servicer in several states and may be required to seek additional licenses. If we seek additional licenses, a state has in the past and may in the future impose fines, restrict our activity in that state, or seek other relief for activity conducted prior to the issuance of a license. 
 Other State Lending Laws. SoFi Lending Corp. will continue to service certain of our loans, and our money transmission activities will continue to be provided by SoFi Digital Assets, LLC. Consequently, in addition to applicable federal laws and regulations governing our operations, our ability to service loans through SoFi Lending Corp. in any particular state, and transmit money to or from any particular state, is subject to that state s laws, regulations and licensing requirements, which may differ from the laws, regulations and licensing requirements of other states. State laws often include fee limitations and disclosure and other requirements. Many states have adopted lending regulations that prohibit various forms of high-risk or sub-prime lending and place obligations on lenders to substantiate that a member will derive a tangible benefit from the proposed credit transaction and/or have the ability to repay the loan. These laws have required most lenders to devote considerable resources to building and maintaining automated systems to perform loan-by-loan analysis of points, fees and other factors set forth in the laws, which often vary depending on the location of the mortgaged property. Many of these state lending laws are vague and subject to differing interpretation, which exposes us to some risks. The number and complexity of these laws, and vagaries in their interpretations, present compliance and litigation risks from inadvertent error and omissions which we may not 

19 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 be able to eliminate from our operations or activities. The laws, regulations and rules described above are subject to legislative, administrative and judicial interpretation, and some of these laws and regulations have been infrequently interpreted or only recently enacted. Infrequent interpretations of these laws and regulations or an insignificant number of interpretations of recently-enacted laws and regulations can result in ambiguity with respect to permitted conduct under these laws and regulations. Any ambiguity under the laws and regulations to which we are subject may lead to regulatory investigations or enforcement actions and private causes of action, such as class-action lawsuits, with respect to our compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
 Risk Retention Regulations. Our balance sheet is impacted by the risk retention regulations adopted by the SEC that became effective for non-mortgage securitizations in 2016. These rules require issuers of asset-backed securities or persons who organize and initiate asset-backed securities transactions to retain a portion of the underlying assets credit risk. 
 Marketing Regulations. Our marketing and other business practices are subject to federal and state regulation and our expansion into new product offerings, including ETFs and, beginning in January 2024, alternative investment funds, mutual funds and money market funds, under the SoFi Invest product, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny. For example, we and the FTC entered into the FTC Consent Order regarding savings calculations in our student loan refinancing advertisements. In addition, we are subject to the TCPA, which regulates, among other things: (i) the use of automated telephone dialing systems to make certain calls or text messages to cellphones without prior consent, and (ii) certain calls and text messages to numbers properly registered on the federal do not call list without permission or an established business relationship, and the Federal CAN-SPAM Act and the Telemarketing Sales Rule, and analogous state laws, to the extent that we market credit or other products and services by use of email or telephone marketing. 
 Bankruptcy Laws. We are subject to the United States Bankruptcy Code, which limits the extent to which creditors may seek to enforce debts against parties who have filed for bankruptcy protection. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, any commitment by the bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a bank subsidiary will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a priority of payment. 
 Federal and State Securities Laws . We offer the securities issued in our sponsored securitizations only to, or for the account or benefit of, qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) in compliance with Rule 144A and to non-U.S. persons outside of the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. The securities issued in the securitizations that we sponsor are not registered under the Securities Act or registered or qualified under any state securities laws. We do not offer securitized products to retail investors. We receive opinions from legal counsel for each securitization confirming that the relevant issuing entity is not required to register under the Investment Company Act in reliance on the exclusion available under Rule 3a-7 of the Investment Company Act, although other exemptions or exceptions may also be available. 
 SoFi Invest and SoFi Money. SoFi Invest is the brand name for the following legal entities: SoFi Wealth LLC, SoFi Capital Advisors, LLC, SoFi Securities, and SoFi Digital Assets, LLC, each of which provides different products and services. We offer investment management services through SoFi Wealth LLC, an internet-based investment adviser and SoFi Capital Advisors, LLC, which provides portfolio management services for pooled investment vehicles that invest in asset-backed securitizations. Both SoFi Wealth LLC and SoFi Capital Advisors, LLC are registered as investment advisers under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ), and are subject to regulation by the SEC. SoFi Securities is an affiliated registered broker-dealer and FINRA member, and SoFi Digital Assets, LLC is a FinCEN registered MSB that also holds money transmitter or money service licenses in a majority of states and the District of Columbia. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we transferred the crypto services provided by SoFi Digital Assets, LLC, and began closing existing digital assets accounts. This process was completed in the first quarter of 2024. We offer cash management accounts, which are brokerage products, through SoFi Securities. 
 The investment advisers are subject to the anti-fraud provisions of the Advisers Act and to fiduciary duties derived from these provisions, which apply to our relationships with our advisory members, including the funds we manage. These provisions and duties impose restrictions and obligations on us with respect to our dealings with our members, fund investors and our investments, including, for example, restrictions on transactions with our affiliates. 
 Our investment advisers and our broker-dealer have in the past been, and will in the future be, subject to periodic SEC examinations. Our investment advisers and our broker-dealer are also subject to other requirements under the Advisers Act and the Exchange Act, respectively, and related regulations. These additional requirements relate to matters including maintaining effective and comprehensive compliance programs, record-keeping and reporting and disclosure requirements. The Advisers Act and the Exchange Act generally grant the SEC broad administrative powers, including the power to limit or restrict an investment adviser or our broker-dealer from conducting advisory or brokerage activities, respectively, in the event they fail to comply with federal securities laws. Additional sanctions that may be imposed for failure to comply with applicable 

20 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 requirements include the prohibition of individuals from associating with an investment adviser or broker-dealer, the revocation of registrations and other censures and fines. Even if an investigation or proceeding did not result in a sanction or the sanction imposed against us or our personnel by a regulator was small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity relating to the investigation, proceeding or imposition of these sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing members or fail to gain new members. 
 SoFi Securities is subject to Rule 15c3-1 under the Exchange Act, the SEC Net Capital Rule , which requires the maintenance of minimum levels of net capital. The SEC Net Capital Rule is designed to protect members, counterparties, and creditors by requiring a broker-dealer to have sufficient liquid resources available to satisfy its financial obligations. Net capital is a measure of a broker-dealer s readily available liquid assets, reduced by its total liabilities (other than approved subordinated debt). Among other things, the SEC Net Capital Rule requires that a broker-dealer provide notice to the SEC and FINRA if its net capital is below certain required levels. There are also certain early warning requirements that apply. Our affiliates operating outside the United States may also be subject to other regulatory capital requirements imposed by non-U.S. regulatory authorities. 
 SoFi Securities is a broker-dealer that does not carry customer security accounts; rather, customer security accounts are carried by an unaffiliated broker-dealer that also clears transactions for these accounts and maintains segregated cash and investments pursuant to Rule 15c3-3 under the Exchange Act (the Customer Protection Rule ). SoFi Securities carries customer cash accounts (i.e., the SoFi Money cash management accounts) that are subject to the Customer Protection Rule. 
 FINRA has adopted extensive regulatory requirements relating to sales practices, registration of personnel, compliance and supervision, and compensation and disclosure, to which SoFi Securities and its personnel are subject. FINRA and the SEC also have the authority to conduct periodic examinations of SoFi Securities, and may also conduct administrative proceedings, and have the authority to levy fines and other penalties on SoFi Securities. 
 SoFi Securities is registered with the MSRB and subject to the MSRB s regulatory regime, including applicable MSRB rules. 
 SoFi Securities is a Participant of DTC and is, therefore, subject to DTC s regulatory regime, including applicable DTC rules and bylaws. 
 Moreover, through SoFi Securities, we are licensed to underwrite securities offerings and have served as a firm commitment underwriter of, or as selling agent on, registered equity securities offerings. 
 State Licensing Requirements 
 One or more of our subsidiaries may need, and have obtained, one or more state licenses to broker, acquire, service and/or enforce loans. Where we have obtained licenses, state licensing statutes may impose a variety of requirements and restrictions on us, including: 
 record-keeping requirements; 
 restrictions on servicing and collection practices, including limits on finance charges and fees; 
 restrictions on collections; 
 usury rate caps to the extent the non-bank subsidiary originates loans; 
 restrictions on permissible terms in consumer agreements; 
 disclosure requirements; 
 examination requirements; 
 surety bond and minimum net worth requirements; 
 permissible investment requirements; 
 financial reporting requirements; 
 annual or biennial activity reporting and license renewal requirements; 
 notification and approval requirements for changes in principal officers, directors, stock ownership or corporate control; 
 restrictions on marketing and advertising; 
 qualified individual requirements; 

21 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 anti-money laundering and compliance program requirements; 
 data security and privacy requirements; and 
 review requirements for loan forms and other customer-facing documents. 
 These statutes may also subject us to the supervisory and examination authority of state regulators in certain cases, and we have experienced, are currently and will likely continue to be subject to and experience exams by state regulators. These examinations have and may continue to result in findings or recommendations that require us to modify our internal controls and/or business practices. If we are found to have engaged in activities that require a state license without having the requisite license, the licensing authority may impose fines, impose restrictions on our operations in the relevant state, or seek other remedies for activities conducted in the state. 
 Regulation of Other Activities 
 Through the Company s website and mobile app under the brand name SoFi Protect , we offer members access to multiple insurance products and services, which today include life insurance, auto insurance, homeowners insurance, renters insurance and cyber insurance. All such insurance products are offered through third-party insurance carriers, and may be made available to customers through Social Finance Life Insurance Agency LLC. Certain insurance products may be offered by outside insurance providers through a marketing arrangement with the Company. Social Finance Life Insurance Agency LLC is subject to certain state insurance brokering and agency statutes and regulations. 
 Privacy and Consumer Information Security 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we access, collect, store, use, transmit and otherwise process certain types of data, including personal information, which subjects us to certain federal, state and foreign privacy and information security laws, rules, industry standards and regulations designed to regulate consumer information and data privacy, security and protection, and mitigate identity theft. These laws impose obligations with respect to the collection, processing, storage, disposal, use, transfer, retention and disclosure of personal information, and, with limited exceptions, give consumers the right to prevent use of their personal information and disclosure of it to third parties. The GLBA requires us to disclose certain information sharing practices to consumers, and any subsequent changes to such practices, and provide an opportunity for consumers to opt out of certain sharing of their non-public personal information. This may limit our ability to share personal information with third parties for certain purposes, such as marketing. In addition, the CFPB is expected to issue a new rule regulating the disclosure of consumer information, which may limit our ability to receive or use personal information and other consumer information and records supplied by third parties, or share information with third parties. Further, all 50 states and the District of Columbia have adopted data breach notification laws that impose, in varying degrees, an obligation to notify affected individuals and government authorities in the event of a data or security breach or compromise, including when a consumer s personal information has or may have been accessed by an unauthorized person. These laws may also require us to notify relevant law enforcement, regulators or consumer reporting agencies in the event of a data breach. Some laws may also impose physical and electronic security requirements regarding the safeguarding of personal information. 
 On January 1, 2020, the CCPA took effect, directly impacting our California business operations and indirectly impacting our operations nationwide. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches that result in the loss of personal information. While personal information that we process that is subject to the GLBA is exempt from the CCPA, the CCPA regulates other personal information that we collect and process in connection with the business. Effective January 1, 2023, the CPRA, which amended the CCPA, imposed additional obligations on companies covered by the legislation, including by expanding consumers rights with respect to certain sensitive personal information. The CPRA also created a new state agency that is vested with authority to implement and enforce the CCPA and the CPRA. 
 In addition to California, several other states have passed comprehensive privacy laws similar to the CCPA. Certain of these laws are in force and others will enter in effect in the coming years. Like the CCPA, these laws create obligations related to the processing of personal information, as well as special obligations for the processing of sensitive data. Some of the provisions of these laws may apply to our business activities. There are also states that are strongly considering comprehensive privacy laws and it is anticipated that other states will be considering these laws in the future. Further, Congress has also been debating passing a federal privacy law. In addition, other states have proposed and/or passed legislation that regulates the privacy and/or security of certain specific types of information. For example, a small number of states have passed laws that regulate biometric data specifically and Washington has passed a law that governs health data, with health data defined broadly. These various privacy and security laws may impact our business activities, including our identification of research subjects, relationships with business partners and ultimately the marketing and distribution of our products. 

22 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 The existence of comprehensive privacy laws in different U.S. states would make our compliance obligations more complex and costly and may increase the likelihood that we may be subject to enforcement actions, civil litigation or otherwise incur liability for noncompliance. 
 Our broker-dealer and investment advisers are subject to SEC Regulation S-P, which requires that these businesses maintain policies and procedures addressing the protection of customer information and records. This includes protecting against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of customer records and information and against unauthorized access to or use of customer records or information. Regulation S-P also requires these businesses to provide initial and annual privacy notices to customers describing information sharing policies and informing customers of their rights. 

Intellectual Property 
 We seek to protect our intellectual property by relying on a combination of federal, state and common law in the United States, as well as on contractual measures. We use a variety of measures, such as trademarks, trade secrets and patents, to protect our intellectual property. We also place appropriate restrictions on our proprietary information to control access and prevent unauthorized disclosures, a key part of our broader risk management strategy. 
 We have registered several trademarks, including but not limited to: (i) related to our name, SoFi , (ii) SoFi s logo, (iii) our company motto Get Your Money Right , and (iv) certain SoFi products, such as SoFi Money and SoFi Invest . We believe our name, logo, motto and products are important brand identifiers for our members and enterprise partners. In addition, Galileo has been granted several patents. 

Our Culture 
 We believe building a durable culture will be a key determinant in our ability to help our members get their money right and ultimately to achieve our mission. Creating great culture is a journey, not a destination. We challenge our employees to integrate each distinct SoFi value enumerated below into their work. 

Human Capital Resources 
 Our number one Company priority is building a durable culture of diversity, where people love where they work in alignment with our core values. Our resulting initiatives are designed to support, develop and inspire our employees, which in 

23 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 turn we believe will ultimately unlock the potential of the organization, drive excellence across the business and solidify SoFi as a top career destination where people love to work. 
 We have established the following guiding principles to help us achieve our goals: 
 Embodying SoFi s values across the entire organization to work to ensure everyone feels welcome, included and able to contribute; 
 Integrating a diversity, equity and inclusion lens into everything we do; 
 Guiding team members regarding where they are and where they are going and giving them the tools and resources to get there; 
 Supporting managers to become effective people leaders; 
 Taking a principled approach to providing fair, relevant and competitive compensation and benefits to a dynamic workforce with diverse needs; and 
 Leveraging data to better understand the employee experience, measure our success and innovate. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 Part of what makes SoFi a dynamic place to work is our commitment to living our 11 core values, one of which is to embrace diversity. A diverse workforce unlocks collaboration, accelerates creativity, and ultimately enables us to accomplish our mission of helping millions of people achieve financial independence. Our DE I objective is to create a company culture where every employee feels like they genuinely belong, are respected and valued, and can do their best work. This approach will unlock the potential of the organization and is a competitive advantage for SoFi. 
 One of the ways we ensure our global, diverse employees feel a sense of connection to our strategy and mission is through our quarterly Objectives and Key Results OKR process. Each year, company priorities are developed in partnership with our executive staff team and the SoFi Leadership Group. These priorities are shared with the company at the beginning of each year, as well as quarterly. Teams and individuals are then able to map their OKRs to the company objectives, which align all employees on the company vision and strategy. For the last three years, our #1 company priority has been culture and DE I. As part of this commitment to improving representation at all levels of the company, we set ambitious three-year goals in 2020: to increase our total URG population to 60 , and to increase URG representation in management to 50 . Based on voluntary employee self-identification data by our U.S.-based workforce, as of December 31, 2023: 
 57 of our workforce was comprised of individuals who identify as part of an URG; individuals who identify with a URG represented 51 of our full-time management positions (defined as people-manager and above); and 
 Individuals who identify with a URG represented 63 of our executive workforce. 
 Additionally, 44.1 of our U.S.-based workforce was comprised of employees who identify as female, 3.5 as veterans, 6.2 as LGBTQIA+, and 5.7 as people with disabilities as of December 31, 2023. 
 Creating lasting and meaningful change is not a short-term project. Improving DE I requires a multi-faceted approach to ensure that all employees are having an equitable experience. This journey requires transparency and accountability at all levels of the organization. To help meet and achieve our long-term goals, we have focused on fair and transparent processes in talent assessment and hiring, to performance management, career progression and retention, we have developed programs that support our all employees across all stages of the employee lifecycle. 
 As a foundation to this work, we have developed competency-based assessments for roles in marketing, operations and engineering to assist in reducing unconscious biases in both our hiring and promotion practices. We have also formalized university hiring and returning military programs to ensure we are bringing in talent at all levels of the company. 
 We have also worked to create a stronger sense of inclusion and belonging for all employees, with a lens on representation. SoFi proudly sponsors nine Employee Resource Groups, known internally as SoFi Circles. These employee-led communities help build high-trust relationships, create safe and brave spaces to raise awareness on important, pertinent topics, and help our organization thrive by fostering a sense of community. Examples of their programs include: listen learn workshops, cultural events, keynote speaker series, give back donation initiatives, and volunteering opportunities for all. We also work with our international offices to ensure employees have access to Circles, and that we are taking into consideration local and regional differences as it pertains to DE I. 

24 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 The SoFi Circles and their defined missions: 
 
 Each SoFi Circle is open to all of our employees, regardless of location, tenure, or subsidiary. Being a SoFi Circle member gives employees access to unique programming and opportunities to connect with other SoFi Circle members either as identifying members or as an ally. 
 In order to stay accountable to our DE I goals, we review hiring, engagement, promotion and retention metrics with each executive business leader bi-annually. We actively track our self-reported URG/URM hiring rates against the total addressable market, the rate of our promotions of this population against their dominant peer group s rate, as well as the rate of attrition, to monitor and try to help ensure we are not disproportionately losing URG/URM at a faster rate than our peer group. We action plan to address opportunities with each business unit group. 
 While we are proud of the progress we have made, our DE I journey has only just begun. In order to unlock the potential of our organization, to scale and grow as a company, we have expanded our DE I approach to focus on a holistic strategy that will impact the entire SoFi ecosystem - from our members and clients, to our stakeholders, and current and prospective employees. We call this new approach the 4 P s: People, Practices, Partnerships, and Policy: 
 People focuses on FINDing, GROWing, and KEEPing our talent in order for them to invest in themselves, their futures and in the financial world. 
 Practices focuses on ensuring we have the right systems, structures, and processes in place that drive accountability and equitable outcomes for everyone including for leaders and managers. 
 Partnerships focus is on finding and establishing external strategic partnerships that create a diverse talent pipeline, provide professional development and networking opportunities for our staff, and amplify the SoFi brand (specifically within underserved communities). 
 Policy focuses on building a world-class supplier diversity program so that small businesses have an opportunity to successfully participate and compete to supply goods and services for SoFi. 
 In 2024, we continue to focus on our four priorities to ensure we achieve our long term efforts. 
 Learning and Manager Excellence 
 We believe strongly in investing in our employees throughout the employee lifecycle. Great care is taken to onboard new hires and set them up for success, both in terms of a broad understanding of SoFi s mission, values, strategic points of differentiation and products, as well as role-specific learning. To this end, throughout the year we offer ongoing learnings, 

25 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 including: regular company-level All Hands meetings, periodic programming on a diverse range of topics spanning general business updates to developmental topics, such as financial and personal wellness, and other opportunities for learning from internal and external speakers. To enable continuous learning, we have deployed an online training platform, which offers thousands of courses and training sessions, ranging from skill development to manager resources. The training sessions consist of live training, speakers and targeted learning content. 
 We also offer ongoing learning opportunities for our people managers to ensure they are well equipped to support and lead diverse and distributed teams. In addition to training on our compensation philosophy and tools, manager effectiveness and other basic ongoing processes administered by the People team, we also employ an eight-week manager onboarding program. This program covers a variety of topics, including DE I, how to give effective feedback, a recruiting overview and best practices and various other components to set new leaders at SoFi up for success. We also create opportunities for employees and managers to provide feedback on their learning experiences via surveys and focus group sessions. In 2023, we also launched Manager Central, a centralized hub of resources, learning and support for managers. We also offer a suite of bespoke, just-in-time self-access learning content that is tailored to meet the needs of a growing organization, and that is tied to key activities on the calendar. This approach is being rolled out for the internal Performance and Rewards program, for which we have created a manager toolkit of resources and a learning curriculum on Giving and Receiving Feedback, both for managers and employees at SoFi. In 2024, we will continue to focus on manager development by offering an array of solutions for them to be upskilled, build inclusion and create thriving teams. 
 Compensation 
 Our compensation programs are designed to attract, retain and motivate talented, deeply qualified and committed individuals who believe in our mission, while rewarding employees for long-term value creation. We have a pay-for-performance culture in which employee compensation is aligned to Company performance, as well as individual contributions and impact. Our long-term incentive program aligns employee compensation to the long-term interests of our shareholders, while encouraging them to think and act like owners. As we continue to evolve our programs and practices, we strive for a fair, competitive, transparent and equitable approach in recognizing and rewarding our employees. 
 Employee Benefits 
 The health and wellness of our employees and their families is integral to SoFi s success. We have a comprehensive benefits program to support the physical, mental and financial well-being of our employees. For our U.S. based workforce we have one core medical plan in which SoFi pays 100 of the monthly premium and additional medical plans with premiums that are significantly subsidized. In addition to core medical, we offer fertility and parental benefits to help employees who are looking to grow their family, including a reimbursement solution for eligible family building expenses, a paid parental leave benefit, as well as a partially subsidized back-up family care benefit. To support the mental health of our employees, we offer a benefit that allows our employees to meet with coaches and clinical care providers at no cost to them. Our tuition reimbursement and student loan repayment programs in the U.S. provide financial support to our employees that allows them to advance their education and pay off existing student loan debt. 
 Our benefits packages also include, among other things, basic life insurance and supplemental life insurance, short-term and long-term disability insurance, a Section 401(k) retirement savings plan, and competitive paid time off. Additionally, our program SoFi Gives is a benefit that provides eligible employees with paid time off to engage in volunteer opportunities within their communities. 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2023, we employed approximately 4,400 employees, of which approximately 73 were located in the United States and 27 were located internationally. None of our U.S. based employees are currently represented by a labor union or have terms of employment that are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to be very strong and have not historically experienced any work stoppages. 

Environmental, Social, and Corporate Governance 
 Sustainable business practices are embedded into our day-to-day operations, as we continue to make critical investments in our team and infrastructure to be further able to scale and support new avenues of growth. We believe this not only aligns with our number one company priority of making our culture better every second and ensuring DE I is at the center of everything we do, but also improves our profitability and supports long-term value creation for our shareholders. 

26 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 In December 2023, we published our first comprehensive ESG report which shares how our company priorities, core values, mission and commitments to the communities we serve shape how we do business, support our employees, and create a meaningful and lasting impact for our members and customers. This report covers a broad set of ESG-related efforts which have been key to informing our approach, including our people programs, product development processes, community investments and social impact, environmental footprint, corporate governance strategies, risk management operations, public policy initiatives and more. In addition, we have an ESG Committee comprised of key management stakeholders who are tasked with tracking our progress within our ESG initiatives using real world, data-based metrics, as well as devising and executing strategies to create an even greater impact. 
 This and any other ESG-related reports and information included on our investor relations website are not incorporated by reference into, and do not form any part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Additional Information 
 Additional information about SoFi is available on our corporate website at https://www.sofi.com, as well as SoFi s Investor Relations website at https://investors.sofi.com. 
 We use our website to distribute company information, including financial and other material information. We make available free of charge, on or through our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, beneficial ownership reports on Forms 3 and 4, as well as other filings and any amendments to these documents, as soon as reasonably practicable following the time they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. These reports can also be found on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 The content of any websites referred to in this report is not incorporated by reference into this report or any other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. 

27 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In evaluating our company and our business, y ou should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in these risk factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, revenue, financial condition, results of operations or future prospects, in which case the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Unless otherwise indicated, references in this section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to our business being adversely affected, negatively impacted or harmed will include an adverse effect on, or a negative impact or harm to, our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue or our future prospects. The material and other risks and uncertainties summarized in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and described below are not intended to be exhaustive and are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including the risks described below. See the section titled Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . 

Summary Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, which illuminate challenges that we face in connection with the successful implementation of our strategy and the growth of our business. Our business, prospects, financial condition or operating results could be harmed by any of these risks, as well as other risks not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial. These risks are discussed more fully below and include, but are not limited to: 
 Business, Financial and Operational Risks 
 our ability to successfully identify and address the risks and uncertainties we face; 
 demands on our resources, intense and increasing competition, and the success of our business model (including continuing profitability); 
 legislative and regulatory policies and related actions that apply or may apply to us, particularly as a result of our operating a bank and as a bank holding company, in connection with student loans, given our brokerage and investment advisory activity, or related to services provided by our technology platform; 
 loss of one or more significant purchasers of our loans or one or more significant technology platform clients; 
 adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties; 
 impact of macroeconomic factors, including regulatory responses, elevated and fluctuating inflation, increased delinquency rates on consumer debt, reduced consumer discretionary spending and economic uncertainty; 
 failure of third-party service providers or systems on which we rely or, in the event we move certain services or systems in-house, our ability to successfully perform those services or implement and operate those systems; 
 Risks Related to Market and Interest Rates 
 cost and availability of funding in the capital markets and fluctuations in interest rates; 
 higher than expected payment speeds of loans or longer holding periods of loans could negatively impact our returns as the holder of the residual interests in securitization trusts; 
 decreased demand for certain lending products in the face of high interest rates, such as student loans and home loans; 
 Risks Related to Strategic and New Products 
 potential and past acquisitions that require significant attention and could disrupt our business and adversely affect our financials; 
 our failure to innovate or respond to evolving technological or other changes; 
 an increase in fraudulent activity, particularly in connection with our personal loans product, credit card and SoFi Money; 

28 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 increased business, economic and regulatory risks from continued expansion abroad, given our brokerage and investment advisory activity, or related to services provided by our technology platform; 
 Credit Market Related Risks 
 worsening economic conditions, including general economic uncertainty, elevated and fluctuating inflation and interest rates, market volatility, the cyclical nature of our industry, and our ability to maintain expected levels of liquidity; 
 our inability to make accurate credit and pricing decisions or effectively forecast our loss rates; 
 the discharge of qualified student loans in bankruptcy in certain circumstances; 
 the failure of our third-party service providers to perform various functions related to the origination and servicing of loans; 
 financial issues or liquidity issues experienced by our technology platform clients that could result in termination of, or inability to pay for, their services; 
 Risks Related to Funding and Liquidity 
 our ability to retain, increase or secure new or alternative financing, including through deposits, to finance our business and the receivables that we originate or other assets that we hold; 
 termination of one or more of our warehouse facilities on which we are highly dependent; 
 our ability to sell the loans we originate to third parties; 
 increases in member loan default rates or the possibility of being required to retain or repurchase loans or indemnify the purchasers of our loans; 
 Regulatory, Tax and Other Legal Risks 
 our exposure to evolving laws, rules, regulations and government enforcement policies, federal or state loan forgiveness programs, expansion of the federal student loan income-driven repayment plan, and potential enforcement actions, litigation, investigations, exams or inquiries or impairment of licenses; 
 our ability to effectively mitigate risk exposure; 
 changes in business, economic or political conditions; 
 failure to comply with laws and regulations, including related to banks and bank holding companies, consumer financial protection, anti-money laundering, anti-corruption or privacy, information security and data protection; 
 increased regulatory scrutiny of the services provided by our technology platform; 
 application of regulations and supervision under banking and securities laws and regulations; 
 our ability to efficiently protect our intellectual property rights; 
 failure to comply with open source licenses for open source software included in our or any of our subsidiaries platforms; 
 the risk that we are, or any of our subsidiaries is, determined to have been subject to registration as an investment company under the Investment Company Act; 
 Personnel and Business Continuity Risks 
 the loss of key management members or key employees, or an inability to hire key personnel; 
 increased business continuity and cyber risks due to our hybrid workforce; 
 natural disasters, power outages, telecommunications failures, man-made problems and similar events; 
 employee misconduct; 
 Risk Management and Financial Reporting Risks 
 our ability to establish and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting and risk management processes and procedures; 
 adjustments to our key business metrics, including adjustments to the total number of members or products in the event a member is removed in accordance with our terms of service which may not be reflected in the current period; 
 changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States; 

29 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 regulatory obligations as a result of our business combination with a special purpose acquisition company that may impact us differently than other publicly traded companies; 
 incorrect estimates or assumptions by management in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; 
 Information Technology and Data Risks 
 breach or violation of law by a third party on which we depend; 
 cyberattacks and other security breaches or disruptions of our systems or third-party systems on which we rely, including our cloud computing services arrangement, disruptions that may impact our ability to collect loan payments and maintain accurate accounts, or our ability to provide services to our technology platform clients; 
 liabilities related to the collection, processing, use, storage and transmission of personal data; 
 liabilities related to the data, models, and use of artificial intelligence in products or business processes; 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 volatility in the price of our common stock, changes in analyst ratings or expectations, and future dilution of our stockholders; 
 possibility of securities litigation, which is expensive and time consuming; and 
 failure to comply with Nasdaq continued listing standards. 

Business, Financial and Operational Risks 
 We operate in rapidly evolving industries, and have limited experience in parts of our Financial Services and Technology Platform segments, which may make it difficult for us to successfully identify and address the risks and uncertainties we face. 
 We operate in rapidly evolving industries which may make it difficult to quickly identify risks to our business and evaluate our future prospects. In addition, in recent years, we have rapidly expanded our operations to include or expand, among other things, deposit accounts, credit cards, investment services, technology solutions, home loan originations, and international operations, and we have limited experience in these areas. In the first quarter of 2022, we acquired a bank charter and face risks as a result of our lack of experience operating a bank and as a bank holding company. We also acquired Technisys in the first quarter of 2022, which furthered our international expansion into Latin America and introduced new risks due to our limited history of operations in certain Latin American countries. In 2023, we acquired Wyndham, a fintech mortgage lender, which expanded our home loan business. 
 In addition to the recent events above, we face numerous challenges to our success, including our ability to: 
 increase or maintain the number, volume and types of, and add new features to, the loans we extend to our members as the market for loans evolves and as we face new and increasing competitive threats; 
 successfully integrate our past and future acquisitions, including continuing to integrate Wyndham s technology and employees, performing functions in home loans origination, such as home loans processing and underwriting, which we have not previously performed, and managing the origination of new home loan types; 
 increase the number of members utilizing our non-lending products, including our direct deposit feature, and maintain and build on the loyalty of existing members by increasing their use of new or additional products; 
 successfully maintain and enhance our diversified funding strategy, including through deposits, securitization financing from consolidated and nonconsolidated VIEs, whole loan sales, and debt warehouse facilities; 
 further establish, diversify and refine our checking and savings, investment and brokerage offerings to meet evolving consumer needs and preferences; 
 offer an attractive annual percentage yield on our deposits compared to our competitors and manage deposit costs; 
 diversify our revenue streams across our products and services; 
 favorably compete with other companies and banks, including traditional and alternative technology-enabled lenders, financial service providers, broker-dealers, and technology platform as a service providers; 
 continue to realize the benefits of operating a bank; 

30 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 introduce new products or other offerings, as well as new or improved technologies, to meet the needs of our existing and prospective members or to keep pace with competitive lending, checking and savings, investment, technology and other developments; 
 maintain or increase the effectiveness of our direct marketing, and other sales and marketing efforts, and maintain our brand; 
 successfully design, develop, integrate, operate and maintain technology systems at scale and with a high degree of reliability that support our member growth and product adoption; 
 successfully navigate economic conditions and fluctuations in the credit markets, including elevated and fluctuating inflation, interest rates that are higher than those in the recent past, recessionary pressures and economic uncertainty; 
 continue to add new clients and new products to existing clients in our technology platform as a service business; 
 successfully identify financial issues or liquidity issues experienced by our technology platform clients that could result in termination of, or their inability to pay for, our technology platform services; 
 successfully diversify our technology platform clients into new industry verticals and new geographies; 
 successfully identify a slowdown or acceleration in the business growth of our technology platform clients to ensure aligned costs and capabilities; 
 successfully navigate the evolving regulatory environment for technology platform-as-a-service providers; 
 establish fraud prevention strategies that proactively identify threat vectors and mitigate losses; 
 defend our platform from information security vulnerabilities, cyberattacks or malicious attacks; 
 effectively manage the growth of our business; 
 effectively manage our expenses; 
 obtain debt or equity capital on attractive terms or at all; 
 successfully continue to expand internationally; 
 adequately respond to macroeconomic and other exogenous challenges, including continued government efforts to curb inflation, which may impact the overall economy and affect demand for our products and services, market volatility, particularly in the financial services industry, changes in consumer confidence, consumer discretionary spending and loan delinquency rates, pandemics or other health-related crises, the war between Israel and Hamas, and the ongoing war in Ukraine; 
 maintain successful relationships with our governmental regulatory agencies and law enforcement authorities, as well as self-regulatory agencies; and 
 anticipate and react to changes in an evolving regulatory and political environment. 
 We may not be able to successfully address the risks and uncertainties we face, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future prospects. 
 We have a history of losses, and may experience net losses in the future and there is no assurance that our revenue and business model will be successful. 
 We have a history of net losses prior to the fourth quarter of 2023. We may incur net losses in the future, and such losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. We will need to generate and sustain significant revenues for our business generally, and achieve greater scale and generate greater operating cash flows from our Financial Services segment, in particular, in future periods, as well as successfully navigate the macroeconomic environment, in order to maintain or increase our level of profitability. We intend to continue to invest in sales and marketing, technology, and products and services in order to enhance our brand recognition and our value proposition to our members, prospective members and clients in our technology platform business, and these additional costs will create further challenges to maintaining or increasing near-term profitability. Our general and administrative expenses have in the past and may in the future increase to meet the increased compliance and other requirements associated with operating as a public company and a bank holding company, operating a bank, and evolving regulatory requirements. See Regulatory, Tax and Other Legal Risks As a bank holding company, we are subject to extensive supervision and regulation, and changes in laws and regulations applicable to bank holding companies could limit or restrict our activities and could have a material adverse effect on our operations . 
 We are continuously refining our revenue and business model, which is premised on creating a virtuous cycle for our members to engage with more products across our platform, a strategy we refer to as the Financial Services Productivity Loop, 

31 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 and, with respect to our Technology Platform segment, adoption by clients of additional platform as a service offerings. There is no assurance that our revenue and business model or any changes to our revenue and business model to better position us with respect to our competitors will be successful. Our efforts to grow our business may be more costly than we expect, and we may not be able to maintain or increase our revenue sufficiently to offset our higher operating expenses. We may incur losses and we may be unable to maintain profitability, for a number of reasons, including the risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications and delays, differences between our assumptions and estimates and results, the effects of macroeconomic conditions and other unknown events. 
 We have experienced rapid growth in recent years, including through the addition of new products and lines of business and into new geographies, which may place significant demands on our operational, risk management, sales and marketing, technology, compliance, and finance and accounting resources. 
 Our rapid growth in certain areas of our business in recent years, primarily within our Financial Services and Technology Platform segments, as well as operating a bank and as a bank holding company, has placed significant demands on our operational, risk management, sales and marketing, technology, compliance, and finance and accounting infrastructure, and has resulted in increased expenses, a trend that we expect to continue as our business grows. In addition, we are required to continuously develop and adapt our systems and infrastructure in response to the increasing sophistication of the consumer financial services market, changing technologies, evolving fraud, privacy and information security landscape, and regulatory developments, both domestically and internationally, relating to our existing and projected business activities. Our future growth will depend on, among other things, our ability to maintain an operating platform and management system able to address such growth, our ability to grow and optimize deposit balances, and our ongoing ability to demonstrate to our regulators that our risk management and compliance practices are growing in a commensurate fashion, all of which has required and we expect will continue to require us to incur significant additional expenses, expand our workforce and commit additional time from senior management and operational resources. We may not be able to manage supporting and expanding our operations effectively, and any failure to do so would adversely affect our ability to increase the scale of our business, generate projected revenue and control expenses. 
 Our results of operations and future prospects depend on our ability to retain existing members and attract new members. We face intense and increasing competition and, if we do not compete effectively, our competitive positioning and our operating results will be harmed. 
 We operate in a rapidly changing and highly competitive industry, and our results of operations and future prospects depend on, among others: 
 the continued growth and engagement of our member base; 
 our ability to monetize our member base, including through the use of additional products by our existing members; 
 our ability to acquire members at a lower cost; and 
 our ability to increase the overall value to us of each of our members while they remain on our platform (which we refer to as a member s lifetime value). 
 We expect our competition to continue to increase, as there are no substantial barriers to entry to certain of the markets we serve. Some of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, particularly with respect to our financial services products, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, and a larger customer base than we do. This allows them to potentially offer more competitive pricing or other terms or features, a broader range of financial products, or a more specialized set of specific products or services, as well as respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in member preferences. In addition to established enterprises, we may also face competition from early-stage companies attempting to capitalize on the same, or similar, opportunities as we are. Our existing or future competitors may develop products or services that are similar to our products and services or that achieve greater market acceptance than our products and services. This could attract current or potential members away from our services and reduce our market share in the future. Additionally, when new competitors seek to enter our markets, or when existing market participants seek to increase their market share, these competitors sometimes undercut, or otherwise exert pressure on, the pricing terms prevalent in that market, which could adversely affect our market share and/or our ability to capitalize on market opportunities. 
 We currently compete at multiple levels with a variety of competitors, including: 
 other personal loan, student loan refinancing, in-school student loan and home loan lenders, including other banks and other financial institutions, as well as credit card issuers, that can offer more competitive interest rates or terms; 
 banks and other financial institutions, with respect to our checking and savings accounts; 

32 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 rewards credit cards provided by other financial institutions, with respect to our SoFi Credit Card; 
 other brokerage firms, including online or mobile platforms, and other companies for our SoFi Invest accounts; 
 other mortgage lenders, including fintech-focused lenders, and other companies for our home loans; 
 other technology platforms with respect to the enterprise services we provide, such as technology products and solutions via Galileo and Technisys; 
 other content providers for subscribers to our financial services content, including content from alternative providers available to our subscribers through our Lantern Credit service, which is a financial services aggregator providing marketplace lending products, and various enterprise partnerships; and 
 other financial services firms offering employers a comprehensive platform for employees to build financial well-being through student loan and 529 educational plan contributions, educational tools, and financial resources, all of which we provide through SoFi At Work. 
 We believe that our ability to compete depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including, among others, the following: 
 the size, diversity and lifetime value of our member base and technology platform clients; 
 our ability to introduce successful new products and services, as well as new or improved technologies, or to iterate and innovate on existing products or services to satisfy evolving member and technology platform client preferences or to keep pace with market trends; 
 our ability to diversify our revenue streams across our products and services, and cost effectively acquire new members and technology platform clients; 
 the timing and market acceptance of our products and services, including developments and enhancements to those products and services, offered by us and our competitors; 
 member and technology platform client service and support efforts; 
 selling, marketing and promotional efforts; 
 our ability to compete on price, particularly with respect to SoFi Invest and the Technology Platform where demand for our products and services may be affected if we are unable to compete with other brokerages or technology-as-a-service providers on price; 
 our ability to offer competitive interest rates on deposit accounts; 
 the ease of use, performance, price and reliability of solutions developed either by us or our competitors; 
 our ability to attract and retain talent; 
 changes in economic conditions, and regulatory and policy developments; 
 our ability to successfully operate a national bank, grow deposits and realize the potential benefits to our members; 
 our ability to successfully scale our products and services and execute on our Financial Services Productivity Loop strategy and our other business plans, including successfully integrating our acquisitions and diversifying our technology platform clients into new industry verticals and new geographies; 
 general market conditions and their impact on our liquidity and ability to access funding; 
 the impact of macroeconomic conditions, including the impacts from current efforts to curb inflation, stock market volatility, changes in consumer confidence, consumer discretionary spending, and any changes in loan default rates, and related developments on the lending and financial services markets we serve; and 
 our brand strength relative to our competitors. 
 Our current and future business prospects demand that we act to meet these competitive challenges but, in doing so, our revenues and results of operations could be adversely affected if we, for example, increase marketing or other expenditures or make new expenditures in other areas. Competitive pressures could also result in us reducing the annual percentage rate on the loans we originate, increasing the annual percentage rate we pay on the checking and savings product, charging fees for services we currently provide for free, incurring higher member or technology platform client acquisition costs, or make it more difficult for us to grow our loan originations in both number of loans and volume for new as well as existing members or expand the adoption of additional products by our current, or acquire new, technology platform clients. All of the foregoing factors and events could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future prospects. 

33 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. For example, Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank were put into FDIC receivership in March 2023 and First Republic Bank was put into FDIC receivership in May 2023. These market developments have negatively impacted customer confidence in the safety and soundness of certain banks. As a result, although we have not observed a decline in our deposits to date, our members may choose to maintain deposits with other financial institutions or spread their deposit funds among multiple financial institutions. The closure of financial institutions, even if such financial institutions are unrelated to our business, may result in a deterioration of consumer confidence in banks and the banking system more broadly as well as declines in the price of our stock or reluctance of our members to use our products and services. 
 Inflation and rapid increases in interest rates have led to a decline in the trading value of previously issued government securities with interest rates below current market interest rates. On March 12, 2023, the Federal Reserve announced the creation of the Bank Term Funding Program, a new emergency lending program for FDIC-insured banks, as well as certain U.S. branches and agencies of foreign banks. Under the Bank Term Funding Program, the Treasury Department provided 25 billion of credit protection to the Federal Reserve Banks, in order to provide loans with terms up to one year secured by certain government securities held by eligible financial institution borrowers. The program was established to reduce the need for eligible borrowers to sell the securities in times of stress, thus, mitigating the risk of potential losses on the sale of such securities. On January 24, 2024, the Federal Reserve announced that the program would cease making new loans, as scheduled, on March 11, 2024. There is no guarantee that the Federal Reserve would establish a similar facility in the future or that the Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve will provide access to uninsured funds in the event of the closure of other banks or financial institutions, or that they would do so in a timely fashion. 
 It is likely that, if the banking sector deteriorates, the U.S. and/or other global economies would be adversely affected, including facing the possibility of a recession, the duration and severity of which is difficult to predict. These developments may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our future growth depends significantly on our branding and marketing efforts, and if our marketing efforts are not successful or we receive negative publicity, our business and results of operations will be harmed. 
 We have invested significantly in our brand and believe that maintaining and enhancing our brand identity is critical to our success. Our ability to attract members depends in large part on the success of these marketing efforts and the success of the marketing channels we use to promote our products. Our marketing channels include, but are not limited to, earned media through press, social media and search engine optimization, as well as paid advertising, such as online affiliations, search engine marketing, digital marketing, social media marketing, influencer marketing, offline partnerships, out-of-home, direct mail, lifecycle marketing and television and radio advertising. Our ability to compete for, attract and maintain members, lending counterparties, marketing partners and other partners relies to a large extent on their trust in our business, our reputation and the value of our brand. While our goal remains to increase the strength, recognition and trust in our brand by increasing our member base and expanding our products and services, if any of our current marketing channels becomes less effective, if regulatory requirements, including the FDIC s advertising rules, restrict or diminish our ability to use these channels, if we are unable to continue to use any of these channels, if we receive negative publicity or fail to maintain our brand, if the cost of using these channels significantly increases or if we are not successful in generating new channels, we may not be able to attract new members or increase the activity of our existing members on our platform in a cost-effective manner. If we are unable to recover our marketing costs through increases in the size, value or the overall number of loans we originate, or member selection and utilization of other SoFi products such as SoFi Money, SoFi Invest and SoFi Credit Card, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future prospects. In addition, negative publicity can adversely affect our reputation and damage our brand, and may arise from many sources, including actual or alleged misconduct, errors or improper business practices by employees, employee claims of discrimination or harassment, product failures, existing or future litigation or regulatory actions, inadequate protection of consumer information by us or our third-party service providers, data breaches, matters related to or affecting our financial reporting or compliance with SEC and Nasdaq listing requirements and media coverage, whether accurate or not. Negative publicity or allegations could reduce demand for our products, result in a decrease in the price of our stock, undermine the loyalty of our members and the confidence of our lending counterparties and technology platform clients, impact our partnerships, reduce our ability to recruit and retain employees or lead to greater regulatory scrutiny, all of which could lead to the attrition of our members, lending 

34 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 counterparties, technology platform clients and harm our results of operations. In addition, we and our officers, directors and/or employees have been, and may in the future be, named or otherwise involved in litigation or claims, including employment-related claims such as workplace discrimination or harassment, which could result in negative publicity and/or adversely impact our business, even if we are ultimately successful in defending against or litigating such claims. 
 Reputational harm, including as a result of our actual or alleged conduct or public opinion of the financial services industry generally, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Reputation risk, or the risk to our business, earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in our business and has increased substantially because of our size and profile in the financial services industry. Moreover, negative public opinion has in the past and could in the future result from actions by the financial services industry generally, including due to the failure of one or more additional banks, or by certain members or individuals in the industry and can adversely affect our reputation with no actual or alleged actions on our part. For example, public opinion of the financial services industry was negatively impacted following the closure of Silicon Valley Bank and generally resulted in decreases in the stock prices of financial services companies. 
 Negative public opinion could result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including sales and marketing practices; home loan or other consumer lending practices; loan origination or servicing activities; mortgage foreclosure actions; management of client accounts or investments; lending, investing or other business relationships; identification and management of potential conflicts of interest from transactions; obligations and interests with and among our members or customers; environmental, social and governance practices; litigation or regulatory actions taken by us or to which we are a party; regulatory compliance; risk management; incentive compensation practices; and disclosure, sharing or inadequate protection or improper use of member or customer information, and from actions taken by government regulators and community or other organizations in response to that conduct. Although we have policies and procedures in place intended to detect and prevent conduct by employees and third-party service providers that could potentially harm members or customers or our reputation, there is no assurance that such policies and procedures will be fully effective in preventing such conduct. 
 Furthermore, our actual or perceived failure to address or prevent any such conduct or otherwise to effectively manage our business or operations could result in significant reputational harm. For example, our marketing strategy includes an emphasis on social media. Social media provides a powerful medium for consumers, employees and others to communicate their approval of or displeasure with a business. This aspect of social media is especially challenging because it allows any individual to reach a broad audience with an ability to respond or react, in near real time, with comments that are often not filtered or checked for accuracy. We monitor social media metrics for their impact on our business but if we are unable to quickly and effectively respond, any negative publicity could go viral , causing nearly immediate and potentially significant harm to our brand and reputation, and our business, whether or not factually accurate, including a significant withdrawal of deposits from SoFi Bank within a short period of time. 
 Our reputation and/or business could be negatively impacted by ESG matters and/or our reporting of such matters. 
 There is an increasing focus from regulators, certain investors, and other stakeholders concerning ESG matters, both in the United States and internationally. We communicate certain ESG-related initiatives and/or commitments regarding our employees, diversity, equity and inclusion goals, and other matters in our ESG Report, on our website, in our filings with the SEC, and elsewhere. These initiatives and commitments could be difficult to achieve and costly to implement. We could fail to achieve, or be perceived to fail to achieve, our ESG-related initiatives, or commitments. In addition, we could be criticized for the timing, scope or nature of these initiatives, goals, or commitments, or for any revisions to them. To the extent that our required and voluntary disclosures about ESG matters increase, we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of such disclosures. Our actual or perceived failure to achieve our ESG-related initiatives, goals, or commitments could negatively impact our reputation, result in ESG-focused investors not purchasing and holding our stock, or otherwise materially harm our business. 
 We may experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. 
 We may experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results due to a number of factors, including changes in the fair values of our instruments (including, but not limited to, our loans), the level of our expenses, the degree to which we encounter competition in our markets, general economic conditions, significant changes in default rates on loans, the rate and credit market environment and our ability to raise our coupon rates along with interest rates that are higher than those in the recent past, legal or regulatory developments, changing demographics, and legislative, regulatory or policy changes. In light of these factors, results for any period should not be relied upon as being indicative of performance in future periods. 

35 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 We sell our loans to a concentrated number of whole loan purchasers and the loss of one or more significant purchasers could have a negative impact on our operating results. 
 Although we have begun to hold loans on-balance sheet for longer periods, when we sell our personal loans, student loans and home loans, we sell to a concentrated number of whole loan purchasers. There are inherent risks whenever a large percentage of a business is concentrated with a limited number of parties. It is not possible for us to predict the future level of demand for our loans by these or other purchasers. In addition, purchases of our loans by these purchasers have historically fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate based on a number of factors, some of which may be outside of our control, including economic conditions, the availability of alternative investments, changes in the terms of the loans, loans offered by competitors, prevailing interest rates and a change in business plan, liquidity or strategy by the purchaser. If any of these purchasers significantly reduces the dollar amount of the loans it purchases from us, we may be unable to sell those loans to another purchaser on favorable terms or at all, which may require us to reduce originations or hold additional loans on balance sheet and may reduce our flexibility in making financing decisions. In addition, the loss of one or more significant purchasers of our loans could increase the volatility of the mark-to-market methodology we use to determine the fair value of the loans we hold on balance sheet. This may have a material adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations, capital requirements, liquidity and cash flows. 
 Galileo and Technisys depend on a small number of clients, the loss or disruptions in operations of any of which could have a material adverse effect on their businesses and financial results, and negatively impact our financial results and results of operations. 
 Galileo and Technisys revenue from clients is highly concentrated. There are inherent risks whenever a large percentage of net revenue is concentrated with a limited number of clients, including fluctuations in revenue, the loss of any one or more of those clients as a result of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings involving the client, the loss of the client to a competitor, harm to that client s reputation or financial prospects or other reasons, including adverse general economic conditions affecting Galileo and Technisys clients many of which are fintechs and other financial services firms. Any reduction in the amount of revenues that we derive from these clients, without an offsetting increase in new sales to other clients, has had and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results in the future. A significant change in the liquidity or financial position of our clients could also have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and our future operating results. In addition, disruptions in the operations of certain of Galileo s key clients have had an adverse impact on Galileo, and any future disruptions in the operations of any key Galileo or Technisys clients could be material and have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 We rely on third parties to perform certain key functions, and their failure to perform those functions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on certain third-party computer systems or third-party service providers, including cloud technology providers such as AWS, internet service providers, payment services providers, market and third-party data providers, regulatory and compliance services providers, clearing systems, market makers, exchange systems, banking technology systems, co-location facilities, communications facilities and other facilities to run our platform, facilitate trades by our members and support or carry out certain functions. For example, to provide our checking and savings account, cash management account, credit card and other products and services, we rely on third parties that we do not control, such as payment card networks, our acquiring and issuing processors, payment card issuers, various financial institution partners, systems like the ACH, and other partners. We rely on these third parties for a variety of services, including the transmission of transaction data, processing of chargebacks and refunds, settlement of funds, and the provision of information and other elements of our services. In addition, external content providers provide us with financial information, market news, charts, option and stock quotes, digital assets quotes, research reports and other fundamental data that we provide to our members. Any interruption in these third-party services, or deterioration in the quality of their service or performance, could be disruptive to our business. Furthermore, third parties may rely on artificial intelligence or machine learning for the services they provide us and, given that the regulatory framework relating to the use of machine learning and artificial services in the provision of financial services is still developing, the third parties use of such technologies may impact their ability to carry out certain functions or impact the quality of their service or performance. 
 Because we are a bank holding company subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve, and because SoFi Bank is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the OCC and the FDIC, and SoFi Bank and its affiliates are subject to regulations issued by the CFPB, our and SoFi Bank s oversight of third-party service providers is also subject to regulatory oversight. If a regulatory authority found our or SoFi Bank s service provider oversight to be lacking, the regulatory authority could require that we or SoFi Bank implement corrective action, including limiting or terminating certain relationships with service providers, which could be costly and disruptive to our business. 

36 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Further, we may, from time to time, decide to modify or terminate relationships with third-party service providers and to perform certain functions and/or services internally. For example, we historically used a third party bank to issue the SoFi Money debit cards and sponsor access to debit networks for payment transactions, funding transactions and associated settlement of funds, and sponsor and support ACH, check and wire transactions along with associated funds settlement. However, after gaining direct access to debit networks, we directly perform certain services previously sponsored by the third party bank. Although we have performed these services satisfactorily to date, there is no guarantee we will be able to continue to do so. Additionally, the migration of any such functions and/or services may introduce additional risks and could cause disruption to our business. 
 Our third-party service providers are susceptible to operational, technological and security vulnerabilities, including security breaches, which may impact our business, and our ability to monitor our third-party service providers data security is limited. In addition, these third-party service providers may rely on subcontractors to provide services to us that face similar risks. 
 Failures or security breaches by or of our third-party service providers or their subcontractors that result in an interruption in service, unauthorized access, misuse, loss or destruction of data or other similar occurrences could interrupt our business, have in the past and could in the future cause us to incur losses, result in decreased member or client satisfaction and increase member or client attrition, subject us to member or client complaints, significant fines, litigation, disputes, claims, regulatory investigations or other inquiries and harm our reputation. Through contractual provisions and third-party risk management processes, we take steps to require that our providers, and their subcontractors, protect our data and information, including personal data. However, due to the size and complexity of our technology platform and services, the amount of data that we store and the number of members, technology platform clients, employees and third-party service providers with access to personal data, we, our third-party service providers and their subcontractors are potentially vulnerable to a variety of intentional and inadvertent cybersecurity breaches and other security-related incidents and threats, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any contractual protections we may have from our third-party service providers may not be sufficient to adequately protect us against such consequences, and we may be unable to enforce any such contractual protections. 
 In addition, there is no assurance that our third-party service providers or their subcontractors will be able to continue to provide these services to meet our current needs in an efficient, cost-effective manner or that they will be able to adequately expand their services to meet our needs in the future. Certain of our vendor agreements are terminable on short or no notice, and if current vendors were to stop providing services to us on acceptable terms, we may be unable to procure alternatives from other vendors in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all. An interruption in or the cessation of service by our third-party service providers or their subcontractors, coupled with our possible inability to make alternative arrangements in a smooth, cost-effective and timely manner, could have adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If a service provider fails to provide the services required or expected, or fails to meet applicable contractual or regulatory requirements such as service levels or compliance with applicable laws, the failure could negatively impact our business. Such a failure could also adversely affect the perception of the reliability of our networks and services and the quality of our brand, which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Further, if there were deficiencies in the oversight and control of our third-party relationships, and if our regulators held us responsible for those deficiencies, it could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations. 
 The conditional conversion feature of the notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition. 
 Holders of our convertible notes issued in October 2021 and due in 2026 (the notes may be entitled to convert the notes during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their notes, we may settle any converted principal through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our financial results and liquidity and could result in a decline in our stock price. 
 The Capped Call Transactions may affect the value of the notes and our common stock. 
 In connection with the issuance of the notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions (the Capped Call Transactions with certain financial institutions (the Capped Call Counterparties ). The Capped Call Transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilutive effect on our common stock upon any conversion of the notes and/or offset any potential cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. In connection with establishing their initial hedges of the Capped Call Transactions, the Capped Call Counterparties or their respective affiliates entered into various derivative 

37 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 transactions with respect to our common stock and/or purchased shares of our common stock concurrently with or shortly after the pricing of the notes. 
 In addition, the Capped Call Counterparties and/or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions following the pricing of the notes and from time to time prior to the maturity of the notes (and are likely to do so following any conversion of the notes, any repurchase of the notes by us on any fundamental change repurchase date, any redemption date or any other date on which the notes are retired by us, in each case if we exercise the relevant election to terminate the corresponding portion of the Capped Call Transactions). This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock or the notes. The potential effect, if any, of these transactions and activities on the market price of our common stock or the notes will depend, in part, on market conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time. Any of these activities could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the Capped Call Transactions, and the Capped Call Transactions may not operate as planned. 
 The Capped Call Counterparties are financial institutions or affiliates of financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that any or all of them might default under the Capped Call Transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the Capped Call Counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. Global economic conditions have, from time to time, resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial institutions. If a Capped Call Counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under our transactions with that Capped Call Counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors, but, generally, an increase in our exposure will be correlated with increases in the market price or the volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by a Capped Call Counterparty, we may suffer more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of any Capped Call Counterparty. 
 In addition, the Capped Call Transactions are complex, and they may not operate as planned. For example, the terms of the Capped Call Transactions may be subject to adjustment, modification or, in some cases, renegotiation if certain corporate or other transactions occur. Accordingly, these transactions may not operate as we intend if we are required to adjust their terms as a result of transactions in the future or upon unanticipated developments that may adversely affect the functioning of the Capped Call Transactions. 

Market and Interest Rate Risks 
 Our business and results of operations have in the past and may in the future be adversely affected by the financial markets, fiscal, monetary, and regulatory policies, and economic conditions generally. 
 Our business, results of operations and reputation are directly affected by elements beyond our control, including general economic, political, social and health conditions in the U.S. and in countries abroad. These elements can arise suddenly and the full impact can remain unknown or result in adverse effects, including, but not limited to, extreme volatility in credit, equity and foreign currency markets, changes to buying patterns of our members and prospective members or reductions in the credit quality of our members, and changes to the financial condition of our technology platform clients and prospective clients. 
 In particular, markets in the U.S. or abroad have been and may in the future be affected by the level and volatility of interest rates, availability and market conditions of financing, recessionary pressures, inflation and hyperinflation, supply chain disruptions, changes in consumer spending, employment levels, labor shortages, federal government shutdowns, developments related to the U.S. federal debt ceiling, changes in legislation, regulations or policy, energy prices, home prices, commercial property values, bankruptcies, a default by a significant market participant or class of counterparties, market volatility, liquidity of the global financial markets, the growth of global trade and commerce, exchange rates, trade policies, the availability and cost of capital and credit, disruption of communication, transportation or energy infrastructure and investor sentiment and confidence. Additionally, global markets have been and may in the future be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of climate change, extreme weather events or natural disasters, the emergence or continuation of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, cyberattacks or campaigns, military conflict, including the war between Israel and Hamas and the ongoing war in Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical events which may affect our results of operations. For example, although we do not have operations in the locations impacted by these conflicts, the ongoing war in these locations has led and could in the future lead to macroeconomic effects, including volatility in commodity prices and the supply of energy resources, instability in financial markets, supply chain interruptions, political and social instability, as well as an increase in cyberattacks and espionage. Also, any sudden or prolonged market downturn in the U.S. or abroad, as a result of the above factors or otherwise, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including capital and liquidity 

38 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 levels. We are not able to predict with any certainty the ultimate impact that any of these events, as well as any other future events, may have on our business. 
 Significant downturns in the securities markets or in general economic and political conditions may also decrease the demand for our products and services and could also result in our members reducing their engagement with our platform. In addition, such significant downturns may cause default rates on our loans to increase and cause funding and liquidity concerns for our current and prospective technology platform clients reducing their adoption and use of our platform as a service products and services. Conversely, significant upturns in the securities markets or in general economic and political conditions may cause individuals to be less proactive in seeking ways to improve the returns on their trading or investment decisions and, thus, decrease the demand for our products and services. Any of these changes could cause our future performance to be uncertain or unpredictable, and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, a prolonged weakness in the U.S. equity markets or a general extended economic downturn could cause our members or technology platform clients to incur losses, which in turn could cause our brand and reputation to suffer. If our reputation is harmed, the willingness of our existing members or technology platform clients and potential new members or clients to do business with us could be negatively impacted, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business is sensitive to interest rates and interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including global, domestic and local economic conditions and the policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve increased interest rates throughout 2022 and multiple times in 2023, and we are unable to predict whether it will continue to raise rates further. Further changes to prevailing interest rates could influence not only the interest we receive on loans and investments and the amount of interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, but such changes could also affect (i) our ability to originate loans at competitive rates and obtain deposits; (ii) the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities; (iii) the average duration of our loan portfolios and other interest-earning assets; (iv) the mix of lending products we originate which is influenced by demand for refinancing products; and (v) the competition faced by our SoFi Money deposit product from other investment products which may become more attractive as interest rates rise. See Changing expectations for inflation and deflation and corresponding fluctuations in interest rates could decrease demand for our lending products and negatively affect loan performance, as well as increase certain operating costs, such as employee compensation for additional information on the risks of interest rate fluctuations to our business. 
 Interest rate increases and other actions, including balance sheet management, lending facilities, and the Federal Reserve s exit from quantitative easing, and similar actions taken by the Federal Reserve or other central banks, are beyond our control and difficult to predict. These actions affect interest rates and the value of financial instruments, increase the likelihood of a more volatile market, a further appreciating U.S. dollar and negative growth in gross domestic product, and affect other assets and liabilities and can impact our members and technology platform clients. Any such downturn, especially in the regions in which we operate, may adversely affect our asset quality, deposit levels, loan demand and results of operations. 
 Changes to existing laws, regulations and policies and evolving priorities, including those related to financial regulation, taxation, international trade, fiscal policy, cybersecurity and privacy, digital assets, climate change (including any required reduction of greenhouse gas emissions) and healthcare, may adversely impact U.S. or global economic activity and our members, our technology platform clients, our counterparties and our earnings and operations. For example, changes, or proposed changes, to certain U.S. trade and international investment policies, particularly with important trading partners (including China and the European Union (the EU )) have in recent years negatively impacted financial markets. Actions taken by other countries, particularly China, to restrict the activities of businesses, could also negatively affect financial markets. An escalation of tensions, such as a further escalation in conflict in the Middle East in connection with the Israel-Hamas war, could lead to further measures that adversely affect financial markets, disrupt world trade and commerce and lead to trade retaliation, including through the use of duties and tariffs, foreign exchange measures or the large-scale sale of U.S. Treasury Bonds. 
 Any of these developments could adversely affect our business, our members, our technology platform clients, the value of our loan portfolios, our level of charge-offs and provision for credit losses, our capital levels, our liquidity and our results of operations. 
 We have the option of pursuing a gain-on-sale origination model and, consequently, our business is affected by the cost and availability of funding in the capital markets. 
 In addition to the issuance of equity, historically we have funded our operations and capital expenditures through sales of our loans, secured and unsecured borrowing facilities and securitizations. We have the option of pursuing a gain-on-sale origination model and, consequently, our earnings and financial condition are largely dependent on the price we can obtain for our products in the capital markets, which has been and may be negatively impacted by interest rates that are higher than those 

39 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 in the recent past combined with longer periods during which we have held, and may continue to hold, loans on-balance sheet. These capital markets risks may be partially mitigated by the availability of bank deposits and other corporate cash (if any) to temporarily hold the loans on our balance sheet. However, bank deposits and corporate cash have not historically been our primary source of funding and can be impacted by a number of factors. Our ability to obtain financing in the capital markets depends, among other things, on our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, lending activities, public perceptions of the financial services industry, and condition of, and our access to, the capital markets at the time we seek financing. The capital markets have recently and from time to time experienced periods of significant volatility, including volatility driven by rising inflation, uncertainty in the financial services sector, the war between Israel and Hamas, and the ongoing war in Ukraine, among other things. This volatility can dramatically and adversely affect financing costs when compared to historical norms or make funding unavailable. Additional factors that could make financing more expensive or unavailable to us include, but are not limited to, financial losses, events that have an adverse impact on our reputation, lawsuits challenging our business practices, adverse regulatory changes, changes in the activities of our business partners, loan performance, events that have an adverse impact on the financial services industry generally, counterparty availability, negative credit rating actions with respect to our rated securities, corporate and regulatory actions, interest rate changes, general economic conditions, including changing expectations for inflation and deflation, and the legal, regulatory and tax environments governing funding transactions, including existing or future securitization transactions. If financing is difficult, expensive or unavailable, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Changing expectations for inflation and deflation and corresponding fluctuations in interest rates could decrease demand for our lending products and negatively affect loan performance, as well as increase certain operating costs, such as employee compensation. 
 There is particular uncertainty about the prospects for growth in the U.S. economy. A number of factors influence the potential economic uncertainty, including, but not limited to, changing U.S. consumer spending patterns, elevated and fluctuating inflation and interest rates, reduced consumer discretionary spending, and weakening wage growth and employment levels. For example, the Federal Reserve increased interest rates throughout 2022 and multiple times in 2023, and we are unable to predict whether it will continue to raise rates further. Increased interest rates may decrease borrower demand for certain of our lending products, even as inflation places pressure on consumer spending, borrowing and saving habits as consumers evaluate their prospects for future income growth and employment opportunities in the current economic environment, and as borrowers face uncertainty about the impact of elevated prices on their ability to repay a loan. A change in demand for our lending products and any steps we may take to mitigate such change could impact our credit quality and overall growth. For example, we have experienced lower demand for our home loans in an elevated interest rate environment, as our historical demand has primarily resulted from refinancing, which is less attractive in a higher interest rate environment. Although demand for refinanced student loans has increased following the expiration of the moratorium on federal student loan payments at the end of August 2023, it has not yet returned to pre-COVID levels. We have also focused on personal loan originations to offset the lower demand in other lending products. Personal loans are a higher risk product than home loans or student loans and we have recently seen an increase in the amount of personal loans that we originate which may increase the inherent risk in our overall portfolio. In addition, fluctuating interest rates may increase our cost of capital and ability to offer a competitive interest rate on our loans. Although we closely monitor these increased risks, there is no guarantee we will make the correct adjustments to our originations or make adjustments quickly enough. Furthermore, economic pressure resulting in the inability of a borrower to repay a loan could translate into increased loan defaults, foreclosures and charge-offs and negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future prospects. 
 Additionally, an inflationary environment combined with a healthy labor market and decreases in the market value of our equity awards could make it more costly for us to attract or retain employees. In order to meet the compensation expectations of our prospective and current employees due to inflationary and other factors, we have in the past and may in the future be required to increase our operating costs or risk losing skilled workers to competitors. See Personnel and Business Continuity Risks The job market and the optimization of our workforce creates a challenge and potential risk as we strive to attract and retain a highly skilled workforce for more information on the risks posed by a competitive labor market. 
 Fluctuations in interest rates could negatively affect the demand for our checking and savings product. 
 Falling, low or fluctuating interest rates, which we have experienced in the past and may experience again in the future, may have a negative impact on the demand for our checking and savings product. Checking and savings provides members a digital banking experience that offers a variable annual percentage yield, which is at our discretion. If we are not able to offer competitive interest rates on deposit accounts, demand for our checking and savings product may decrease, which may impact our ability to access deposits as a more cost-effective source of funding for our loans. Although we have been in an elevated interest rate environment in recent years, there is no guarantee that it will remain so or that the interest rate we offer on 

40 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 deposit accounts will remain competitive and in a falling or low interest rate environment, account holders and prospective account holders may be discouraged from using these products, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future prospects. 
 Higher than expected payment speeds of loans could negatively impact our returns as the holder of the residual interests in securitization trusts holding personal and student loans. These factors could materially alter our net revenue or the value of our residual interest holdings. 
 The rate at which borrowers prepay their loans can have a material impact on our net revenue and the value of our residual interests in securitization trusts. Prepayment rates are subject to a variety of economic, social, competitive and other factors, including fluctuations in interest rates, availability of alternative financings, legislative, regulatory or policy changes affecting the student loan market, the home loan market, consumer lending generally and the general economy, including changing expectations for inflation and deflation. 
 While we anticipate some variability in prepayment rates, extraordinary or extended increases or decreases in prepayment rates could materially affect our liquidity and net revenue. For example, when, as a result of unanticipated prepayment levels, loans within a securitization trust amortize faster than originally contracted due to prepayments, the trust s pool balance may decline at a rate faster than the prepayment rate assumed when the trust s bonds were originally issued. If the trust s pool balance declines faster than originally anticipated, in most of our securitization structures, the bonds issued by that trust will also be repaid faster than originally anticipated. In such cases, our net revenue may decrease, inclusive of our servicing revenue and the diminished value of any retained residual interest by us in the trust. 
 Finally, rating agencies may place bonds on watch or change their ratings on (or their ratings methodology for) the bonds issued by a securitization trust, possibly raising or lowering their ratings, based upon these prepayment rates and their perception of the risk posed by those rates to the timing of the trust cash flows. Placing bonds on watch, changing ratings negatively, proposing or making changes to ratings methodology could: (i) affect our liquidity, (ii) impede our access to the securitization markets, (iii) require changes to our securitization structures, and (iv) raise or lower the value of the residual interests of our future securitization transactions. 
 We are exposed to financial risks that may be partially mitigated but cannot be eliminated by our hedging activities, which carry their own risks. 
 We continue to use, and may in the future use, financial instruments for hedging and risk management purposes in order to protect against possible fluctuations in interest rates, or for other reasons that we deem appropriate. In particular, we expect our interest rate risk to increase with our home loans business which continues to grow, including as a result of our acquisition of Wyndham. However, any current and future hedges we enter into will not completely eliminate the risk associated with fluctuating interest rates and our hedging activities may prove to be ineffective. 
 The success of our hedging strategy will be subject to our ability to correctly assess counterparty risk and the degree of correlation between the performance of the instruments used in the hedging strategy and any changes in interest rates, along with our ability to continuously recalculate, readjust and execute hedges in an efficient and timely manner. Therefore, though we may enter into transactions to seek to reduce risks, unanticipated changes may create a more negative consequence than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not seek to establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the instruments being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the effect of the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. Any failure to manage our hedging positions properly or inability to enter into hedging instruments under acceptable terms, or any other unintended or unanticipated economic consequences of our hedging activities, could affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations have been and may in the future be adversely impacted by an epidemic or pandemic, including the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Occurrences of epidemics or pandemics, depending on their scale, may cause different degrees of disruption to the regional, state and local economies in which we offer our products and services. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic caused changes in consumer and student behavior, as well as economic disruptions. Any future pandemic or public health crisis may result in, among other impacts, worker shortages, supply chain issues, inflationary pressures, and the reinstatement and subsequent lifting of restrictions and health and safety related measures. Any COVID-19 resurgences or future epidemics or pandemics or other public health crises could adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition, as well as the business, operations and financial conditions of our members, other customers and partners. 

41 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 See Our business and results of operations have in the past and may in the future be adversely affected by the financial markets, fiscal, monetary, and regulatory policies, and economic conditions generally and Management s Discussion and Analysis of our Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Business Metrics and Consolidated Results of Operations for further discussion of the impact of macroeconomic conditions in recent periods on our business and operating results. 

Strategic and New Product Risks 
 We have in the past consummated, and from time to time we may evaluate and potentially consummate, acquisitions, which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business and adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to expand our business. In some circumstances, we may determine to do so through the acquisition of complementary assets, businesses and technologies rather than through internal development. For example: (i) in April 2020, we acquired 8 Limited, an investment business in Hong Kong, (ii) in May 2020, we acquired Galileo, a company that provides technology platform services to financial and non-financial institutions, (iii) in February 2022, we acquired Golden Pacific, a bank holding company, (iv) in March 2022, we acquired Technisys, a cloud-native digital multi-product core banking platform, and (v) in April 2023, we acquired Wyndham, a mortgage lender. The identification of suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming and costly, and we may not be able to successfully complete identified acquisitions. The risks we face in connection with acquisitions include, among others: 
 diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to addressing acquisition integration challenges; 
 coordination of technology, product development, risk management and sales and marketing functions; 
 retention of employees from the acquired company and retention of our employees due to cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization; 
 integration of the acquired company s accounting, management information, human resources, third-party risk management and other administrative systems; 
 the need to implement or improve controls, procedures and policies at a business that prior to the acquisition may have lacked effective controls, information security and cybersecurity safeguards, procedures and policies, including third-party risk management practices; 
 write-offs or impairments of intangible assets, goodwill or other assets recognized in connection with the acquisition; 
 liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, violations of laws, including employment laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities; 
 litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated or current employees, customers, former stockholders or other third parties; and 
 known and unknown regulatory compliance risks resulting from geographic expansion, including elevated risk factors for tax compliance, money laundering controls, and supervisory controls oversight. 
 Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our acquisitions and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions or investments, cause us to incur unanticipated liabilities and harm our business, generally. Future acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, regulatory obligations to further capitalize our business, goodwill and intangible asset impairments, and increased regulatory scrutiny, any of which could harm our financial condition and negatively impact our stockholders. To the extent we pay the consideration for any future acquisitions or investments in cash, it would reduce the amount of cash available to us for other purposes. 
 Demand for our products may decline if we do not continue to innovate or respond to evolving technological or other changes. 
 We operate in a dynamic industry characterized by rapidly evolving technology, frequent product introductions, and competition based on pricing and other differentiators. We continue to explore new product offerings and may rely on our proprietary technology to make our platform available to members, to service member accounts, to provide our technology platform as a service to clients and to introduce new products, which both fosters innovation and introduces new potential liabilities and risks. In addition, we may increasingly rely on technological innovation as we introduce new types of products, expand our current products into new markets, and continue to streamline our platform. For example, while we do not currently 

42 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 rely heavily on artificial intelligence, we expect to integrate more artificial intelligence into our technology in the future especially to improve the experience of our members. Even if we enhance our current products or release new products that incorporate artificial intelligence, there can be no assurance that our products will be successful or that we will innovate effectively to keep pace with the rapid evolution of artificial intelligence. The process of developing new technologies and products is complex, and if we are unable to successfully innovate and continue to deliver a superior member and technology platform client experience, members and clients demand for our products may decrease and our growth and operations may be harmed. 
 An increase in fraudulent activity could lead to reputational damage to our brand and material legal, regulatory and financial exposure (including fines and other penalties), and could reduce the use and acceptance of SoFi Money and SoFi Credit Card. 
 Financial institutions like us, as well as our members, colleagues, regulators, vendors and other third parties, have experienced a significant increase in fraudulent activity in recent years and will likely continue to be the target of increasingly sophisticated fraudsters and fraud rings in the future. This is particularly true for our newer products where we have limited experience evaluating customer behavior and performing tailored risk assessments, such as checking and savings and credit card. 
 We develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change and as efforts to overcome security and anti-fraud measures become more sophisticated. Despite our efforts, we have in the past and may in the future be subject to fraudulent activity, which may affect our results of operations. For example, our general and administrative expenses in the past have included charges related to fraud events. The possibility of fraudulent or other malicious activities and human error or malfeasance cannot be eliminated entirely and will evolve as new and emerging technology is deployed, including the increasing use of personal mobile and computing devices that are outside of our network and control environments, particularly as a large part of our workforce works remotely. Risks associated with each of these include theft of funds and other monetary loss, the effects of which could be compounded if not detected quickly. Fraudulent activity may not be detected until well after it occurs and the severity and potential impact may not be fully known for a substantial period of time after it has been discovered. 
 Fraudulent activity and other actual or perceived failures to maintain a product s integrity and/or security has led to increased regulatory scrutiny and may lead to regulatory investigations and intervention (such as mandatory card reissuance), increased litigation (including class action litigation), remediation, fines and response costs, negative assessments of us and our subsidiaries by regulators and rating agencies, reputational and financial damage to our brand, and reduced usage of our products and services, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our business. In addition, we offer certain fraud and compliance and risk management services to technology platform clients as part of our platform as a service offerings and regulatory scrutiny of these types of services has increased recently. Any failure in these services provided to technology platform clients could result in regulatory actions or fines, and potential loss of client accounts. 
 Successful fraudulent activity and other incidents related to the actual or perceived failures to maintain the integrity of our processes and controls could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures or harming the reputation of the financial system in general, which could result in reduced use of our products and services. Such events could also result in legislation and additional regulatory requirements. Although we maintain insurance, there can be no assurance that liabilities or losses we may incur will be covered under such policies or that the amount of insurance will be adequate. 
 SoFi may be unable to realize the anticipated benefits of acquiring Technisys. 
 We closed the Technisys acquisition in March 2022 and its operations have been largely integrated into our business. The success of the Technisys acquisition, including anticipated benefits and cost savings and potential additional revenue opportunities, will depend, in part, on our ability to realize various benefits, including, among other things, the development of an end-to-end vertically integrated banking technology stack to support multiple products and enable the combined company to meet the expanding needs of existing customers and serve additional established banks, fintechs and non-financial brands looking to enter financial services. The inability to realize our expected cost savings in connection with the Technisys acquisition could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues, lost cost savings and incremental revenue opportunities and diversion of management s time and energy and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

43 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 We may continue to expand operations abroad where we have limited operating experience and may be subject to increased business, economic and regulatory risks that could adversely impact our financial results. 
 In April 2020, we undertook our first international expansion by acquiring 8 Limited, an investment business in Hong Kong. Additionally, with the acquisition of Galileo in May 2020, we gained clients in Canada, Mexico and Colombia and, with the acquisition of Technisys in March 2022, we further expanded our operations into Latin America. We may, in the future, continue to pursue further international expansion of our business operations, either organically or through acquisitions, in new international markets where we have limited or no experience in marketing, selling and deploying our products and services. If we fail to deploy or manage our operations in these countries successfully, our business and operations may suffer. In addition, we are subject to a variety of risks inherent in doing business internationally, including: 
 political, social and/or economic instability or military conflict; 
 risks related to governmental regulations in foreign jurisdictions, including regulations relating to privacy, and unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and enforcement; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates and global market volatility; 
 higher levels of credit risk and fraud; 
 enhanced difficulties of integrating foreign acquisitions; 
 burdens of enforcing and complying with a variety of foreign laws; 
 reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing global operations and the increased travel, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations and subsidiaries; 
 different regulations and practices with respect to employee/employer relationships, existence of workers councils and labor unions, and other challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences, making it harder to do business in certain international jurisdictions; 
 compliance with statutory equity requirements; and 
 management of tax consequences. 
 If we are unable to manage the complexity of global operations successfully, our financial performance and operating results could suffer. 

Credit Market Related Risks 
 We operate in a cyclical industry. In an economic downturn, member default rates may increase, there may be decreased demand for our products, and there may be adverse impacts to our business. 
 Recent macroeconomic factors, such as elevated interest rates, global events and market volatility, may cause the economy to enter into a period of slower economic growth or a recession, the length and severity of which cannot be predicted. Such uncertainty and negative trends in general economic conditions can have a significant negative impact on our ability to generate adequate revenue and to absorb expected and unexpected losses. Many factors, including factors that are beyond our control, may result in higher default rates by our members and non-payment by our technology platform clients, a decline in the demand for our products, and potentially impact our ability to make accurate credit assessments, lending decisions or technology platform client selections. Any of these factors could have a detrimental impact on our financial performance and liquidity. 
 Our Lending and Financial Services segments may be particularly negatively impacted by worsening economic conditions that place financial stress on our members resulting in loan defaults or charge-offs. If a loan charges off while we are still the owner, the loan either enters a collections process or is sold to a third-party collection agency and, in either case, we will receive less than the full outstanding interest on, and principal balance of, the loan. Declining economic conditions may also lead to either decreased demand for our loans or demand for a higher yield on our loans, and consequently lower prices or a lower advance rate, from institutional whole loan purchasers, securitization investors and warehouse lenders on whom we rely for liquidity. 
 The longevity and severity of a downturn or recession will also place pressure on lenders under our debt warehouses, whole loan purchasers and investors in our securitizations, each of whom may have less available liquidity to invest in our loans, and long-term market disruptions could negatively impact the securitization market as a whole. Although certain of our 

44 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 debt warehouses contain committed terms, there can be no assurance that our financing arrangements will remain available to us through any particular business cycle or be renewed on the same terms. The timing and extent of a downturn may also require us to change, postpone or cancel our strategic initiatives or growth plans to pursue shorter-term sustainability. The longer and more severe an economic downturn, the greater the potential adverse impact on us. 
 Our Technology Platform segment is also susceptible to worsening economic conditions that place financial stress on our current clients using our platform as a service products and services and potential new clients interested in such services. These clients and potential clients may experience liquidity and other financial issues or strategically slowdown growth, any of which could lead them to decrease or terminate their use of our technology platform services or delay or reject implementation of new or expanded products and services. Any such actions with respect to our technology platform products and services could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 There can be no assurance that economic conditions will be favorable for our business, that interest in purchasing our loans by financial institutions or investment by clients in our platform as a service products and services will remain at current levels, or that default rates by our members or instances of non-payment by our technology platform clients will not increase. Reduced demand, lower prices or a lower advance rate for our loan products from institutional whole loan purchasers, securitization investors and warehouse lenders, increased default rates by our members, and reduced demand, lower prices and increased non-payment by our technology platform clients, may limit our access to capital, including debt warehouse facilities, securitizations and secured and unsecured borrowing facilities, and negatively impact our profitability. These impacts, in addition to limiting our access to capital and negatively impacting our profitability, could also, in turn, increase the volatility of the mark-to-market methodology we use to determine the fair value of the loans and credit card receivables we hold on balance sheet and consequently have a material adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations, capital requirements, liquidity and cash flows. 
 If we do not make accurate credit and pricing decisions or effectively forecast our loss rates, our business and financial results will be harmed, and the harm could be material. 
 In making a decision whether to extend credit to prospective or existing members, we rely upon data to assess our ability to extend credit within our risk appetite, our debt servicing capacity, and overall risk level to determine lending exposure and loan pricing. If the decision components, rapidly deteriorating macroeconomic conditions or analytics are either unstable, biased, or missing key pieces of information, the wrong decisions will be made, which will negatively affect our financial results. If our credit decisioning strategy fails to adequately predict the creditworthiness of our members, including a failure to predict a member s true credit risk profile and ability to repay their loan or credit card balance, higher than expected loss rates will impact the fair value of our loans and credit card receivables. Additionally, if any portion of the information pertaining to the prospective member is false, inaccurate or incomplete, and our systems did not detect such falsities, inaccuracies or incompleteness, or any or all of the other components of our credit decision process fails, we may experience higher than forecasted losses, including losses attributed to fraud. Furthermore, we rely on credit reporting agencies to obtain credit reports and other information we rely upon in making underwriting and pricing decisions. If one of these third parties experiences an outage, if we are unable to access the third-party data used in our decision strategy, if such data contains inaccuracies or our access to such data is limited, our ability to accurately evaluate potential members will be compromised, and we may be unable to effectively predict credit losses inherent in our loan portfolio, which would negatively impact our results of operations, which could be material. 
 Additionally, if we make errors in the development, validation, or implementation of any of the underwriting models or tools that we use for the loans securing our debt warehouses or included in securitization transactions or whole loan sales, such loans may experience higher delinquencies and losses, which would negatively impact our debt warehouse financing terms and future securitization and whole loan sale transactions. 
 If the information provided to us by applicants is incorrect or fraudulent, we may misjudge an applicant s qualification to receive a loan or use one of our products, and our results of operations may be harmed. 
 Our lending and platform access decisions are based partly on information provided to us by applicants. To the extent that an applicant provides information to us in a manner that we are unable to verify, or the information provided by an applicant consists of data obtained under false pretenses by third parties, is a manufactured/synthetic identity, or is a stolen identity, our credit decisioning process may not accurately reflect the associated risk. In addition, data provided by third-party sources, including credit reporting agencies, is a significant component of our credit decisions and this data may contain inaccuracies. Inaccurate analysis of credit data that could result from false loan application information could harm our reputation, business and results of operations. Additionally, we rely on the accuracy of applicant information in approving applicants for our non-lending products, such as SoFi Money, SoFi Credit Card or SoFi Invest accounts. If the information provided to us by these applicants is incorrect or fraudulent and we are unable to detect the inaccuracies, it increases our 

45 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 regulatory and fraud risk and the risk of identity theft to our members, and could harm our reputation, business and results of operations. 
 We use identity and fraud prevention tools to analyze data provided by external databases or automated physical identity document proofing technologies to authenticate each applicant s identity. These fraud prevention tools, scores, and data aggregators are reliant on sustained access to reliable data sources to facilitate robust verification which have reduced effectiveness with diminished data access. From time to time in the past, however, these checks have failed and there is a risk that these checks could fail in the future and fraud, which may be significant, may occur and go undetected. For example, in the past we have identified certain fraudulent activity related to our personal loans product. While the fraudulent activity was detected and the losses were recognized in our results of operations, there can be no assurance there will not be future instances of fraud, that we will be able to detect such fraudulent activity in a timely manner, or that such future fraudulent activity will not be material. We may not be able to recoup funds underlying loans made in connection with inaccurate statements, omissions of fact or fraud, in which case our revenue, results of operations and profitability will be harmed. Fraudulent activity or significant increases in fraudulent activity could also lead to regulatory intervention, which could negatively impact our results of operations, brand and reputation, and require us to take steps to reduce fraud risk, which could increase our costs. 
 Internet-based loan origination processes may give rise to greater risks than paper-based processes. 
 We use internet-based loan processes to obtain application information and distribute certain legally required notices to applicants for, and borrowers of, our loans and to obtain electronically signed loan documents in lieu of paper documents with ink signatures obtained in person. These processes may entail greater risks than paper-based loan origination processes, including regarding the sufficiency of notice for compliance with consumer protection laws, risks that borrowers may challenge the authenticity of loan documents, or the validity of the borrower s electronic signature on loan documents, and risks that unauthorized changes are made to the electronic loan documents. If any of those factors were to cause our loans, or any of the terms of our loans, to be unenforceable against the relevant borrowers, or impair our ability to service our loans (as master servicer or servicer), the value of our loan assets would decrease significantly to us and to our whole loan purchasers, securitization investors and warehouse lenders. In addition to increased default rates and losses on our loans, this could lead to the loss of whole loan purchasers and securitization investors and trigger terminations and amortizations under our debt warehouse facilities, each of which would materially adversely impact our business. 
 Student loans are subject to discharge in certain circumstances. 
 Private education loans, including the refinanced student loans and other student loans made by us, are generally not dischargeable by a borrower in bankruptcy. However, a private education loan may be discharged if a debtor files an adversary claim and the bankruptcy court determines that not discharging the debt would impose an undue hardship on the debtor and the debtor s dependents. New policies implemented by the Biden Administration in late 2022 gave judges more leeway to discharge student loans, resulting in more borrowers discharging their student loans in bankruptcy in 2023, compared to prior years. In addition, in November 2022, the Department of Justice introduced a new process for handling student loan discharge cases intended to reduce the burden on debtors pursuing discharge of their federal student loans in bankruptcy. Further, bills have been introduced in Congress that would make student loans dischargeable in bankruptcy to the same extent as other forms of unsecured credit without regard to a hardship analysis. For example, in October 2022, then House Judiciary Chair Jerrold Nadler and Representative David Cicilline introduced the Student Borrower Bankruptcy Relief Act of 2022, which would eliminate the section of the U.S. bankruptcy code that makes private and federal student loans non-dischargeable through bankruptcy. It is possible that a higher percentage of borrowers will obtain relief under bankruptcy or other debtor relief laws in the future than is reflected in our historical experience. A private education loan that is not a refinanced parent-student loan is also generally dischargeable as a result of the death or disability of the borrower. The discharge of a significant amount of our loans could adversely affect our business and results of operations. See Regulatory, Tax and Other Legal Risks Legislative and regulatory policies and related actions have had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our student loan portfolios and our student loan origination volume . 
 We offer personal loans, which have a limited performance history, and therefore we have only limited prepayment, loss and delinquency data with respect to such loans on which to base projections. 
 The performance of the personal loans we offer is significantly dependent on the ability of the credit decisioning, income validation, and scoring models we use to originate such loans, which include a variety of factors, to effectively evaluate an applicant s credit profile and likelihood of default. Despite recession-readiness planning and stress forecasting, there is no assurance that our credit criteria can accurately predict loan performance under economic conditions such as a prolonged down-cycle or recessionary economic environment or the governmental response to periods of disruption, which may drive unexpected outcomes. If our criteria do not accurately reflect credit risk on the personal loans, greater than expected losses may 

46 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 result on these loans and our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 In addition, personal loans are dischargeable in a bankruptcy proceeding involving a borrower without the need for the borrower to file an adversary proceeding. The discharge of a significant amount of our personal loans could adversely affect our financial condition. Furthermore, other characteristics of personal loans may increase the risk of default or fraud and there are few restrictions on the uses that may be made of personal loans by borrowers, which may result in increased levels of credit consumption. We also originate a material portion of our personal loans through ACH deposits directly to the borrowers, which may result in a higher risk of fraud. The effect of these factors may be to reduce the amounts collected on our personal loans and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 We service all of the personal loans we originate and credit cards we issue and have limited servicing experience, and we rely on third-party service providers to service the student loans and home loans we originate, and to perform various other functions in connection with the origination and servicing of certain of our loans. If we or a third-party service provider fails to properly perform these functions, our business and our ability to service our loans may be adversely affected. 
 We service all of the personal loans we originate and, in all material respects, all of the credit cards we issue, and we have limited experience with such servicing. We may begin servicing the student loans that we originate at some time in the future. We rely on sub-servicers to service all of our student loans and our home loans that we deliver to GSEs and do not sell servicing-released, and to perform certain back-up servicing functions with respect to our personal loans. In addition, we rely on third-party service providers to perform various functions relating to our loan origination and servicing business, including fraud detection, marketing, operational functions, cloud infrastructure services, information technology, telecommunications and processing remotely created checks. While we oversee these service providers to ensure they service our loans in accordance with our agreements and regulatory requirements, we do not have control over the operations of any of the third-party service providers that we utilize. In the event that a third-party service provider for any reason fails to perform such functions, including through negligence, willful misconduct or fraud, our ability to process payments and perform other operational functions for which we currently rely on such third-party service providers will suffer and our business, cash flows and future prospects may be negatively impacted. 
 Any failure on our part or on the part of third parties on whom we rely to perform functions related to our servicing activities to properly service our loans could result in us being removed as the servicer on the loans we originate, including loans financed by our warehouse facilities or sold into our whole loan sales channel and securitization transactions. If we fail to monitor our student loan sub-servicer and ensure that such sub-servicer complies with its obligations under state laws that require student loan servicers to be licensed, we may face civil claims for damages under such state laws. Because we receive revenue from such servicing activities, any such removal as the servicer or, with respect to our student loans, master servicer, could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition or prospects, as would the cost of onboarding a new servicer. Furthermore, we have agreed in our servicing agreements to service loans in accordance with the standards set forth therein, and may be obligated to repurchase loans or indemnify the buyer of any such loans if we fail to meet those standards. 
 Additionally, if one or more key third-party service providers were to cease to exist, to become a debtor in a bankruptcy or an insolvency proceeding or to seek relief under any debtor relief laws or to terminate its relationship with us, there could be delays in our ability to process payments and perform other operational functions for which we are currently relying on such third-party service provider, and we may not be able to promptly replace such third-party service provider with a different third-party service provider that has the ability to promptly provide the same services in the same manner and on the same economic terms. As a result of any such delay or inability to replace such key third-party service provider, our ability to process payments and perform other business functions could suffer and our business, cash flows and future prospects may be negatively impacted. 
 We perform and manage the loan origination process for all of the home loans that we originate. If we fail to properly perform these functions, our home loans business may be adversely affected. 
 In April 2023, we acquired Wyndham, a mortgage lender, expanding our home loans business. In connection with the acquisition of Wyndham, we adopted loan origination technology which facilitates performing many functions in connection with the origination of home loans, including processing, underwriting, pricing, vendor management, closing, and additional functions for loan origination that we previously outsourced to third-party providers, and we now directly manage loan underwriters and loan processors which are services previously managed by third-party providers. In the event that we fail for any reason to perform or manage such functions in accordance with all applicable requirements, including through human errors, technology errors, negligence, willful misconduct or fraud, our ability to originate home loans will suffer and our business, cash flows and future prospects may be negatively impacted, and we could incur penalties or liabilities including obligations to repurchase loans from investors to whom we sold the loans. Additionally, if we fail to perform such functions or 

47 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 properly manage our new resources, we may be unable to complete, or be delayed in the completion of, the origination of home loans in our pipeline and to originate new home loans, and we may not be able to onboard a replacement service provider that has the ability to promptly provide the same services in the same manner and on the same economic terms. 
 Potential geographic concentration of our members may increase the risk of loss on the loans that we originate and negatively impact our business. 
 Any concentration of our members in specific geographic areas may increase the risk of loss on our loans. Certain regions of the U.S. from time to time will experience weaker economic conditions and higher unemployment and, consequently, will experience higher rates of delinquency and loss than on similar loans in other regions of the country. Moreover, a further deterioration in economic conditions or a recession, outbreaks of disease (such as additional COVID-19 strains or variants), the continued increase in extreme weather conditions and other natural events (such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, drought, wildfires, mudslides, earthquakes and other extreme conditions) and other factors could adversely affect the ability and willingness of borrowers in affected regions to meet their payment obligations under their loans and may consequently affect the delinquency and loss experience of such loans. In addition, we, as master servicer for all student loans and home loans and as servicer of our personal loans, have offered in the past, and may in the future offer, hardship forbearance or other relief programs in certain circumstances to affected borrowers. 
 Conversely, an improvement in economic conditions in one or more of the geographic areas in which we have members could result in higher prepayments of their payment obligations under their loans by borrowers in such states. As a result, we and the whole loan purchasers who hold our loans or securitization investors or warehouse lenders who hold securities backed by our loans may receive principal payments earlier than anticipated, and fewer interest payments than anticipated, and face certain reinvestment risks, such as the inability to acquire loans on equally attractive terms as the prepaid loans. In addition, higher prepayments than anticipated may have a negative impact on our servicing revenue which could cause our operating results and financial condition to be materially and adversely affected. 
 Further, the concentration of our loans in one or more geographic locations may have a disproportionate effect on us or investors in our loans or securities backed by our loans if governmental authorities in any of those areas take action against us as originator, master servicer or servicer of those loans or take action affecting our ability as master servicer or servicer to service those loans. 

Funding and Liquidity Risks 
 If we are unable to retain and/or increase our current sources of funding, including deposits, and secure new or alternative methods of financing, our ability to finance additional loans and introduce new products will be negatively impacted. 
 Historically, in addition to the issuance of equity, we have funded our operations and capital expenditures primarily through access to the capital markets through sales of our loans, access to secured and unsecured borrowing facilities and utilization of securitization financing from consolidated and nonconsolidated VIEs. In each of these instances (other than for certain whole loan sales of home loans), we retain the servicing rights to our loans from which we earn a servicing fee. In securitization financing transactions, we transfer a pool of loans originated by SoFi Lending Corp. or SoFi Bank to a VIE which is sponsored by SoFi Lending Corp. or SoFi Bank, and we retain risk in the VIE, typically in the form of asset-backed bonds and residual interest investments. Through SoFi Bank, we utilize deposits as well, which offer us a lower cost source of funds, and we have the ability to access other funding sources, such as the FHLB and certain brokered deposit channels established by SoFi Bank. We rely on each of these outlets for liquidity and the loss or reduction of any one of these outlets, including deposits, could materially adversely impact our business. For example, certain banks have faced operational difficulties in accessing the FHLB discount window and there is no guarantee that we will not face the same or similar issues. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully access the securitization markets at any given time, or that deposits at SoFi Bank will remain at current levels or grow, and in the event of a sudden or unexpected shortage of funds in the banking and financial system, we cannot be sure that we will be able to maintain necessary levels of funding without incurring high funding costs, a reduction in the term of funding instruments, an increase in the amount of equity we are required to hold or the liquidation of certain assets. Furthermore, there is a risk that there will be no market at all for our loans either from whole loan buyers or through investments in securities backed by our loans. 
 We may require capital in excess of amounts we currently anticipate, and depending on market conditions and other factors, we may not be able to maintain our capital or obtain additional capital for our current operations or anticipated future growth on reasonable terms or at all. As the volume of loans that we originate, and the increased suite of products that we make available to members, increases, we may be required to expand the size of our debt warehousing facilities or seek additional sources of capital. The availability of these financing sources depends on many factors, some of which are outside of our 

48 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 control. We may also experience the occurrence of events of default or breaches of financial performance or other covenants under our debt agreements, which could reduce or terminate our access to institutional funding. 
 If we are unable to increase our current sources of funding, including deposits, and secure new or alternative methods of financing, our ability to finance additional loans and to develop and offer new products will be negatively impacted. The interest rates, advance rates and other costs of new, renewed or amended facilities may also be higher than those currently in effect. If we are unable to renew or otherwise replace these facilities or generally arrange new or alternative methods of financing on favorable terms, we may be forced to curtail our origination of loans or reduce lending or other operations, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 
 If one or more of our warehouse facilities, on which we are highly dependent, is terminated or otherwise becomes unavailable, we may be unable to find replacement financing on favorable terms, or at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 We require a significant amount of short-term funding capacity for loans we originate. Consistent with industry practice, our existing warehouse facilities generally require periodic renewal. If any of our committed warehouse facilities are terminated or are not renewed or our uncommitted facilities are not honored, we may be unable to find replacement financing on favorable terms, or at all, and we might not be able to originate an acceptable or sustainable volume of loans, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, as our business continues to expand, including our home loan business, we may need additional warehouse funding capacity for the loans we originate. There can be no assurance that, in the future, we will be able to obtain additional warehouse funding capacity on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all. 
 If we fail to meet or satisfy any of the financial or other covenants included in our warehouse facilities, we would be in default under one or more of these facilities and our lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the facilities to be immediately due and payable, enforce their interests against loans pledged under such facilities and restrict our ability to make additional borrowings. Certain of these facilities also contain cross-default provisions. These restrictions may interfere with our ability to obtain financing or to engage in other business activities, which could materially and adversely affect us. There can be no assurance that we will maintain compliance with all financial and other covenants included in our warehouse facilities in the future. 
 In addition, our agreements with our warehouse lenders contain various concentration limits and triggers, including related to excess spread. As high interest rates place pressure on our net cost of funds for loans held at SoFi Lending Corp., which do not benefit from deposit funding through SoFi Bank, the likelihood of reaching an excess spread limit increases. A breach of such limits or other similar terms of such agreements could result in an inability to place loans in the relevant warehouse facilities and require us to pursue other forms of financing. If we are unable to find replacement financing on favorable terms, or at all, our operations could be impacted materially. 
 Increases in member default rates on loans could make us and our loans less attractive to whole loan buyers, lenders under debt warehouse facilities and investors in securitizations, which may adversely affect our access to financing and our business. 
 Increases in member default rates, due to deteriorating economic conditions or other factors, could make us and our loans less attractive to our existing or prospective funding sources, including whole loan buyers, securitization investors and lenders under debt warehousing facilities. If our existing funding sources do not achieve their desired financial returns or if they suffer losses, they or prospective funding sources may increase the cost of providing future financing or refuse to provide future financing or purchase loans on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 Our securitizations are nonrecourse to the Company and are collateralized by the pool of our loans pledged to the relevant securitization issuer. If the loans securing our securitizations fail to perform as expected, rating agencies may place our bonds on watch or change their ratings on (or their ratings methodology for) the bonds issued by our securitization trusts. Our loans performance and any actions taken by the rating agencies could result in the lenders under our warehouse facilities, the whole loan purchasers who purchase our loans, the investors in our securitizations who purchase securities backed by our loans, or future lenders, whole loan purchasers or securitization investors in similar arrangements, increasing the cost of providing future financing or refusing to provide future financing or purchase loans on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 While this risk may be partially mitigated by our ability to hold loans on our balance sheet, in sufficient volume this will negatively impact our financial condition. Consequently, if we were to be unable to arrange new or alternative methods of financing on favorable terms, we may have to curtail or cease our origination of loans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

49 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 We make representations and warranties in connection with the transfer of loans to whole loan purchasers, government-sponsored enterprises, and our debt warehouse lenders and securitization trusts. If such representations and warranties are not correct, we could be required to repurchase loans or indemnify the purchaser, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to operate and fund our business. 
 We sell and finance the loans we originate to and with third parties, including, with respect to home loans, counterparties like GSEs, and we make certain representations and warranties to those third parties in connection with the transfer of loans described below. In the ordinary course of business, we are exposed to liability under these representations and warranties made to purchasers of loans. Such representations and warranties typically include, among other things, that the loans were originated and serviced in compliance with the law and with our credit risk origination policy and servicing guidelines, and, in connection with transfers to GSEs, that the loans were originated in compliance with the guidelines of the relevant GSE, and that, to the best of our knowledge, each loan was originated by us without any fraud or misrepresentation on our part or on the part of the borrower or any other person. In addition, purchasers require loans to meet strict underwriting and loan term criteria in order to be eligible for purchase. If those representations and warranties are breached as to a given loan, or if a certain loan we sell does not meet the relevant eligibility criteria, we will be obligated to repurchase the loan, typically at a purchase price equal to the then-outstanding principal balance of such loan, plus accrued interest and any premium. We may also be required to indemnify the purchaser for losses resulting from the breach of representations and warranties. With regard to home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration or the VA, and to the extent that any of our home loans do not comply with Federal Housing Administration or VA guidelines, we could also face claims under the False Claims Act. In connection with our whole loan sales, we also typically covenant to repurchase any loan that enters delinquent status within the first thirty to sixty days following origination of the loan. Any significant increase in our obligation to repurchase loans or indemnify purchasers of loans could have a significant adverse impact on our cash flows, even if they are reimbursable, and could also have a detrimental effect on our business and financial condition. If any such repurchase event occurs on a large scale, we may not have sufficient funds to meet our repurchase obligations, which would result in a default under the underlying agreements. Moreover, we may not be able to resell or refinance loans repurchased due to a breach of a representation or warranty or we may be forced to sell such loans below par. Any such event could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. In addition, in the acquisition of Wyndham, we also acquired Wyndham's liability to its loan investors and loan insurers for mortgage loans originated by Wyndham, including repurchase obligations that might not be contingent upon the investor proving an error by Wyndham. 
 In addition to loan level representations and warranties, our agreements with the lenders and investors on our securitizations, debt warehouse facilities and corporate revolving debt contain a number of corporate financial covenants and early payment triggers and performance covenants. These facilities, together with deposits, are the primary funding sources available to support the maintenance and growth of our business and our liquidity would be materially adversely affected by our inability to comply with the various covenants and other specified requirements set forth in our agreements with our lenders and investors, which could result in the early amortization, default and/or acceleration of our existing facilities. Such covenants and requirements include financial covenants, portfolio performance covenants and other events. For a description of these covenants, requirements and events, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources . 
 During an early amortization period or occurrence of a termination event or an event of default, principal collections from the loans in our warehouse facilities would be applied to repay principal under such facilities rather than being available to fund newly originated loans. During the occurrence of a termination event or an event of default under any of our facilities, the applicable lenders could accelerate the related debt and such lenders commitments to extend further credit under the related facility, if any, would terminate. If we were unable to repay the amounts due and payable under such facilities and securitizations, the applicable lenders and noteholders could seek remedies, including against the collateral pledged under such facilities and by the securitization trust. An acceleration of the debt under certain facilities could also lead to a default under other facilities and, in certain instances, our hedging arrangements, due to cross-default and cross-acceleration provisions. 
 An early amortization event or event of default would negatively impact our liquidity, including our ability to originate new loans, and require us to rely on alternative funding sources, which might increase our funding costs or which might not be available when needed. If we were unable to arrange new or alternative methods of financing on favorable terms, we might have to hold loans on balance sheet in an amount that may negatively impact our financial condition, or curtail or cease the origination of loans, which could impair our growth, and, in each case, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet our obligations under our facilities. 

50 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 We require substantial capital and, in the future, may require additional capital to pursue our business objectives and achieve recurring profitability. If adequate capital is not available to us or is unavailable on favorable terms, including due to the cost and availability of funding in the capital markets, our business, operating results and financial condition may be harmed. 
 Since our founding, we have raised substantial equity and debt financing to support the growth of our business. We may require additional capital to pursue our business objectives and growth strategy and respond to business opportunities, challenges or unforeseen circumstances, including supporting our lending operations, increasing our marketing expenditures to attract new members and technology platform clients and improve our brand awareness, developing our products, introducing new services, further expanding internationally in existing or new countries or further improving existing offerings and services, enhancing our operating infrastructure and potentially acquiring complementary businesses and technologies, and complying with the increased regulatory requirements for bank holding companies and banks. Accordingly, on a regular basis we need, or we may need, to engage in additional debt or equity financings to secure additional funds. However, additional funds may not be available when we need them, in amounts we need, or permitted to be applied to specific use cases, on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. Volatility in the credit markets in general or in the market for personal, student and home loans and credit cards in particular may also have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain debt financing. Furthermore, the cost of our borrowing has increased and may continue to increase due to market volatility, interest rates that are higher than those in the recent past, changes in the risk premiums required by lenders or the unavailability of traditional sources of debt capital. Volatility or depressed valuations or trading prices in the equity markets may similarly adversely affect our ability to obtain equity financing. Furthermore, if we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. 
 We are required to serve as a source of financial strength for SoFi Bank, which is subject to minimum capital requirements imposed by federal regulators, which means that we may be required to provide capital or liquidity support to SoFi Bank, even at times when we may not have the resources to provide such support. In addition, maintaining adequate liquidity is crucial to our securities brokerage, including key functions such as transaction settlement, custody requirements and margin lending. Our broker-dealer subsidiary, SoFi Securities, is subject to Rule 15c3-1 under the Exchange Act, which specifies minimum capital requirements intended to ensure the general financial soundness and liquidity of broker-dealers, and SoFi Securities is subject to Rule 15c3-3 under the Exchange Act, which requires broker-dealers to maintain certain liquidity reserves. We meet our liquidity needs primarily from working capital, deposits and cash generated by member activity, as well as from external debt and equity financing. Increases in the number of members, fluctuations in member cash or deposit balances, as well as market conditions or changes in regulatory treatment of member deposits, may affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs. 
 A reduction in our liquidity position could reduce our members confidence in us, which could result in the withdrawal of member assets, including deposits held at SoFi Bank, and loss of members, or could cause us to fail to satisfy minimum capital requirements for SoFi Bank, or broker-dealer or other regulatory capital guidelines, which may result in immediate suspension of banking and other securities activities, regulatory prohibitions against certain business practices, increased regulatory inquiries and reporting requirements, increased costs, fines, penalties or other sanctions, by the Federal Reserve, the OCC, the SEC, FINRA or other SROs or state regulators, and could ultimately lead to the liquidation of SoFi Bank or our broker-dealer or other regulated entities. Factors which may adversely affect our liquidity position include temporary liquidity demands due to timing differences between brokerage transaction settlements and the availability of segregated cash balances, fluctuations in cash held in member accounts, a significant increase in our margin lending activities, increased regulatory capital requirements, changes in regulatory guidance or interpretations, or Federal Housing Administration or VA guidelines, other regulatory changes or a loss of market or member confidence resulting in unanticipated withdrawals of member assets. We expect that we will continue to use our available cash to fund our lending activities and help scale our Financial Services segment. To supplement our cash resources, we may seek to enter into additional securitizations and whole loan sale agreements or increase the size of existing debt warehousing facilities, increase the size of, or replace, our revolving credit facility, continue to grow deposits and pursue other potential options. In addition, a reduction in our liquidity position could impair our technology platform clients confidence in us and our platform as a service products and services, many of which require capital investments and ongoing platform maintenance by us, which could result in decisions by our technology platform clients to terminate or not renew their existing contracts or to not add new products to their account. 
 If we are unable to adequately maintain our cash resources, we may delay non-essential capital expenditures, implement cost cutting procedures, delay or reduce future hiring, discontinue the pursuit of our strategic objectives and growth strategies or reduce our rate of future originations compared to the current level. There can be no assurance that we can obtain sufficient sources of external capital to support the growth of our business. Delays in doing so or failure to do so may require us 

51 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 to reduce loan originations or reduce our operations, which would harm our ability to pursue our business objectives as well as harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We are unable to finance all of the receivables that we originate or other assets that we hold, and that illiquidity could result in a negative impact on our financial condition. 
 We have the option of pursuing a gain-on-sale origination model, the success of which is tied to our ability to finance the assets that we originate. Certain of our assets, however, are ineligible for sale to a whole loan buyer or securitization trust, or are ineligible for, or are subject to a lower advance rate under, warehouse funding, each of which has specific eligibility criteria for receivables it purchases or holds as collateral. Ineligible receivables include, among others, those in default or that are delinquent, receivables with defects in their origination or servicing, including fraud, or receivables generated under origination guidelines and credit policies that are no longer in effect. In addition, many of our warehouse funding sources contain excess concentration limits for loans in forbearance or with specific loan level characteristics such as time-to-maturity or loan type. Once these limits have been exceeded, the advance rate applied to those receivables becomes less advantageous to us. If we are unable to sell or reasonably fund these receivables, we are required to hold them on our consolidated balance sheet which, in sufficient volume, negatively impacts our financial condition. 
 In addition to the receivables described above, we also hold on our consolidated balance sheet certain risk retention assets with respect to which we have a reduced ability to receive financing. These risk retention assets include residuals from our securitization trusts that are either ineligible for transfer or are subject to EU regulations. The illiquidity of these positions may negatively impact our financial condition. 
 Our checking and savings product is expected to continue to provide us with an important source of cost-efficient funding and any failure to scale the product due to our limited experience or a competitive marketplace could have a negative impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We expect that checking and savings, a deposit account product, will continue to provide us with an important source of deposits to use for cost-effective funding of loan originations and other activities. However, revenue growth for checking and savings is dependent on increasing the volume of members who open an account and on growing balances in those accounts. Although checking and savings accounts have grown since its introduction in the first quarter of 2022, there is no guarantee that account openings and the amount on deposit in those accounts will continue to grow. In addition, although we have invested in a number of initiatives to attract new checking and savings account holders and capture a greater share of our members savings, including offering a competitive annual percentage yield on deposits and offering SoFi Plus membership benefits to deposit holders, there can be no assurance that these investments to acquire and retain members, provide differentiated features and services and spur usage of our deposit account product will be effective or cost effective. There are also no assurances that we will be able to maintain a competitive annual percentage yield on deposits, and members can easily transfer checking and savings account balances to our competitors. Further, developing our service offerings and marketing the checking and savings product in additional customer acquisition channels could have higher costs than anticipated or be less effective than anticipated, and could adversely impact our results or dilute our brand. Finally, our checking and savings product faces competition from similar products offered by our competitors which may offer more attractive features, including a higher interest rate on deposits, which may impact the success of the product. In the event we are unable to sufficiently grow the checking and savings product, we may be required to find alternative, higher-cost funding for our lending and other activities, or we might not be able to originate an acceptable or sustainable volume of loans, either of which could have a negative impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. See Market and Interest Rate Risks Fluctuations in interest rates could negatively affect the demand for our checking and savings product . 
 Any failure to accurately capture credit risk or to execute our funding strategy for SoFi Credit Card could have a negative impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 The performance of the SoFi Credit Card product is significantly dependent on the ability of the credit and fraud decisioning and scoring models we use to originate the product, which includes a variety of factors, to effectively prevent fraud, evaluate an applicant s credit profile and likelihood of default. Despite establishing a defined risk appetite and leveraging third-party stress testing of product loss forecasts, there is no assurance that our credit criteria can accurately predict repayment and loss profiles. If our criteria do not accurately prevent fraud or reflect credit risk on the SoFi Credit Card product, greater than expected losses may result and our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 In addition, revenue growth for SoFi Credit Card is dependent on increasing the volume of members who open an account and on growing loan balances on those accounts. Over time we will continue to invest in a number of new product initiatives to attract new SoFi Credit Card members and capture a greater share of our members total spending and borrowings. 

52 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Revenue growth for SoFi Credit Card may be adversely affected by new restrictions on credit card fees, which were proposed by the CFPB in 2023. If finalized as written, the rule would significantly reduce the penalty fees that could be charged to a SoFi Credit Card customer who fails to make a timely payment, which may adversely affect revenue and our ability to limit losses resulting from such delinquencies. While we have generally seen increases in revenue from SoFi Credit Card, there can be no assurance that our investments in SoFi Credit Card to acquire members, provide differentiated features and services and spur usage of our card will continue to be effective, and developing our service offerings and forming new partnerships could have higher costs than anticipated, and could adversely impact our results or dilute our brand. 
 Furthermore, the success of the SoFi Credit Card product depends on our ability to execute on our funding strategy for the resulting credit card receivables. We may establish a credit card receivable securitization program in the future. There is no guarantee, however, that we will be successful in establishing a securitization program for these assets. In the event we are unable to finance our credit card receivables, we may be required to hold those assets on our consolidated balance sheet or sell them for a loss, either of which could have a negative impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Regulatory, Tax and Other Legal Risks 
 As a bank holding company, we are subject to extensive supervision and regulation, and changes in laws and regulations applicable to bank holding companies could limit or restrict our activities and could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 As a bank holding company, we are subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve, and SoFi Bank is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the OCC and the FDIC, as well as regulations issued by the CFPB. Federal laws and regulations govern numerous matters affecting us, including changes in the ownership or control of banks and bank holding companies, maintenance of adequate capital and the financial condition of a financial institution, permissible types, amounts and terms of extensions of credit and investments, permissible nonbanking activities, the level of reserves against deposits and restrictions on dividend payments. The OCC possesses the power to issue cease and desist orders to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or violations of law by banks subject to their regulation, and the Federal Reserve possesses similar powers with respect to bank holding companies. In general, the bank supervisory framework is intended to protect insured depositors and the safety, soundness and stability of the U.S. financial system and not shareholders in depository institutions or their holding companies. 
 In connection with applying for approval to become a bank holding company, we developed a financial and bank capitalization plan and enhanced our governance, compliance, controls and management infrastructure and capabilities in order to ensure compliance with all applicable regulations, which required, and will continue to require, substantial time, monetary and human resource commitments. If any new regulations or interpretations of existing regulations to which we are subject impose requirements on us that are impractical or that we cannot satisfy, our financial performance, and our stock price, may be adversely affected. 
 Federal regulations establish minimum capital requirements for insured depository institutions, including minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios, and define capital for calculating these ratios. The minimum capital requirements are: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 (ii) a Tier 1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 6 (iii) a total capital ratio of 8 and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4 . The regulations also establish a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital. An institution will be subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls below the capital conservation buffer amount. The federal banking regulators could also require the Company and/or SoFi Bank, as applicable, to hold capital that exceeds minimum capital requirements for insured depository institutions. The application of these capital requirements could, among other things, require us to maintain higher capital resulting in lower returns on equity, and we may be required to obtain additional capital, or face regulatory actions if we are unable, to comply with such requirements. 
 We are also subject to the requirements in Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve s implementing Regulation W, which regulate loans, extensions of credit, purchases of assets, and certain other transactions between an insured depository institution (such as SoFi Bank) and its affiliates. The statute and regulation require us to impose certain quantitative limits, collateral requirements and other restrictions on covered transactions between SoFi Bank and its affiliates and require all transactions be on market terms and conditions consistent with safe and sound banking practices. 
 The laws, rules, regulations, and supervisory guidance and policies applicable to us are subject to regular modification and change, including increased regulation as a result of the turmoil in the banking industry. These changes could adversely and materially impact us. For example, the Dodd-Frank Act and other federal banking laws subject companies with 10 billion or more of consolidated assets to additional regulatory requirements. Section 1075 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which is commonly 

53 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 known as the Durbin Amendment , amended the Electronic Fund Transfer Act to restrict the amount of interchange fees that may be charged and prohibit network exclusivity for debit card transactions. SoFi Bank is required to comply with the restrictions on interchange fees that went into effect on July 1, 2023, which may negatively impact future interchange fees we collect. In addition, in October 2023, the Federal Reserve proposed changes to the regulations implementing the Electronic Fund Transfer Act that would further restrict the amount of interchange fees that may be charged and require biennial reviews of those fees. Changes in laws, rules, regulations and supervisory guidance and policies could, among other things, subject us to additional costs, including costs of compliance; limit the types of financial services and products we may offer; and/or increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products. Failure to comply with laws, regulations, policies, or supervisory guidance could result in enforcement and other legal actions by federal and state authorities, including criminal and civil penalties, the loss of FDIC insurance, revocation of a banking charter or registration as a broker-dealer and investment adviser, other sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties, and/or reputational damage, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Finally, we intend to continue to explore other products for SoFi Bank over time. Some of those products may require, or be deemed to require, additional data, procedures, partnerships, regulatory approvals, or capabilities that we have not yet obtained or developed. Should we fail to expand and evolve SoFi Bank products in a successful manner, or should these new products, or new regulations or interpretations of existing regulations, impose requirements on us that are cumbersome or that we cannot satisfy, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or commitments, or to satisfy our regulators supervisory expectations, could subject us to, among other things, supervisory or enforcement action, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we do not comply with applicable laws, regulations or commitments, including SoFi Bank s operating agreement, if we are deemed to have engaged in unsafe or unsound conduct, or if we do not satisfy our regulators supervisory expectations, then we may be subject to increased scrutiny, supervisory criticism, governmental or private litigation and/or a wide range of potential monetary penalties or consequences, enforcement actions, criminal liability and/or reputational harm. Such actions could be public or of a confidential nature, and arise even if we are acting in good faith or operating under a reasonable interpretation of the law and could include, for example, monetary penalties, payment of damages or other monetary relief, restitution or disgorgement of profits, directives to take remedial action or to cease or modify practices, restrictions on growth or expansionary proposals, denial or refusal to accept applications, removal of officers or directors, prohibition on dividends or capital distributions, increases in capital or liquidity requirements and/or termination of SoFi Bank s deposit insurance. Additionally, compliance with applicable laws, regulations and commitments requires significant investment of management attention and resources. Any failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or commitments could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 An inability to accept or maintain deposits due to market demand or regulatory constraints could materially adversely affect our liquidity position and our ability to fund our business. 
 SoFi Bank accepts deposits and uses the proceeds as a source of funding, with our direct retail deposits becoming a larger proportion of our funding over time. Although we launched the SoFi Insured Deposit Program in 2023, whereby funds (up to 2 million) are deposited into deposit accounts at banks which are insured by the FDIC up to the applicable limits, we continue to face strong competition with regard to deposits, and pricing and product changes may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain cost-effective deposit balances. To the extent we offer higher interest rates to attract or maintain deposits, our funding costs will be adversely impacted. 
 Our ability to obtain deposit funding and offer competitive interest rates on deposits is also dependent on SoFi Bank s capital levels. The FDIA s brokered deposit provisions and related FDIC rules in certain circumstances prohibit banks from accepting or renewing brokered deposits and apply other restrictions, such as a cap on interest rates that can be paid. For example, while SoFi Bank met the definition of well-capitalized as of December 31, 2023 and currently has no restrictions regarding acceptance of brokered deposits or setting of interest rates, there can be no assurance that we will continue to meet this definition. Additionally, our regulators can adjust applicable capital requirements at any time and have authority to place limitations on our deposit businesses. An inability to attract or maintain deposits in the future could materially adversely affect our ability to fund our business. 
 Legislative and regulatory policies and related actions have had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our student loan portfolios and our student loan origination volume. 
 Legislative and regulatory actions have had and could continue to have a significant impact on our student loan refinancing business. On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was signed into law. In compliance with the CARES Act, payments 

54 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 and interest accrual on all loans owned by the U.S. Department of Education were initially suspended through September 30, 2020, a pause on student loan repayments that was subsequently extended through August 30, 2023 by a series of executive actions. Interest on federal student loans began accruing on September 1, 2023 and borrowers first loan payments were due in October 2023. Although federal student loans are largely back in repayment, the increased focus in recent years by policymakers on outstanding federal student loans, including, among other things, on the total volume of outstanding loans and on the number of loans outstanding per borrower, has led to discussion of additional potential legislative and regulatory actions and other possible steps to, among other things: 
 permit private education loans such as our refinanced student loan and in-school student loan products to be discharged in bankruptcy without the need to show undue hardship; 
 amend the federal postsecondary education loan programs, including to reduce interest rates on certain loans, to revise repayment plans, to make income-driven repayment plans more attractive to borrowers, to implement broader loan forgiveness plans, to provide for refinancing of private education loans into federal student loans at low interest rates, to reduce or eliminate the Grad PLUS program (which authorizes loans that comprise a substantial portion of our student loan refinancing business) and to provide for refinancing of existing federally held student loans into new federal student loans at low interest rates; 
 require private education lenders to reform loan agreements to provide for income-driven repayment plans and other payment plans; and 
 make sweeping changes to the entire cost structure and financial aid system for higher education in the U.S., including proposals to provide free postsecondary education. 
 In addition, there is pressure on policymakers to reduce or cancel student loans or accrued interest at a significant scale, which would further reduce demand for our student loan refinancing product and have a negative impact on our loan origination volume and revenue. For example, despite legal challenges at the Supreme Court to some of the Biden Administration s prior student loan forgiveness measures, the Biden Administration continues to pursue options for providing relief to student borrowers, announcing additional relief in June 2023 and January 2024. In June 2023, the Biden administration announced that it would cancel more than 132 billion of student debt for more than three million borrowers and continue to pursue debt forgiveness strategies including through the Saving on a Valuable Education (SAVE) Plan which offers forgiveness after as few as 10 years of payments for borrowers who originally took out 12,000 or less for college. In January 2024, the Biden administration announced that it will implement that plan beginning in February 2024, including by automatically canceling loans for certain eligible borrowers. 
 The future impact to our student loan refinancing product will largely depend on expectations regarding the introduction or implementation of these or any additional relief measures, the interest rate environment, how competitive our student loan refinancing products are compared to our competitors and macroeconomic factors. If in the future, student loans were forgiven or canceled in any meaningful scale, or if federal loan borrowers were permitted to refinance at lower interest rates, our student loan refinancing business within our Lending segment, which is our largest segment, would be materially and adversely affected and our profitability, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows or future business prospects could be materially and adversely affected as a result. In addition, proposals to make student loans dischargeable in bankruptcy or similar proposals could make whole loan purchasers less likely to purchase our student loans, securitization investors less likely to purchase securities backed by our student loans or warehouse lenders less likely to lend against our student loans at attractive advance rates. As a result of any material adverse effect to our Lending segment, our overall profitability, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows or future business prospects may be adversely affected. 
 Although we continue to evaluate the ultimate impact of local, state and federal legislation, regulation and politics, guidance and actions, future legislative, regulatory and executive actions, and the ongoing impact of our own forbearance measures on our financial results, business operations and strategies, there is no guarantee that our estimates will be accurate or that any actions we take based on such estimates will be successful. Furthermore, we believe that the cost of responding to, and complying with, evolving laws and regulations, as well as any guidance from enforcement actions, will continue to increase, as will the risk of penalties and fines from any enforcement actions that may be imposed on our businesses. Our profitability, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows or future business prospects could be materially and adversely affected as a result. 
 If we fail to comply with federal and state consumer protection laws, rules, regulations and guidance, our business could be adversely affected. 
 The CFPB, an agency which oversees compliance with and enforces federal consumer financial protection laws, has supervisory authority over the offer, sale or provision of our consumer financial products and services. Prior to January 1, 2024, 

55 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 the OCC examined SoFi Bank for compliance with CFPB rules and enforced CFPB rules with respect to SoFi Bank. In addition, to the extent certain of our lending or loan servicing activity was conducted outside of SoFi Bank, the CFPB had the authority to pursue enforcement actions against us as a company offering those certain consumer financial products or services. Beginning January 1, 2024, SoFi Bank and its affiliates became subject to supervision and regulation by the CFPB with respect to federal consumer protection laws, including laws relating to fair lending and the prohibition of UDAAP in connection with the offer, sale or provision of consumer financial products and services. As part of its regulatory oversight, the CFPB may seek a range of remedies, including rescission of contracts, refund of money, return of real property, restitution, disgorgement of profits or other compensation for unjust enrichment, damages, public notification of the violation and conduct restrictions (i.e., future limits on the target s activities or functions). Under the current administration and leadership of the agency, the CFPB has pursued a more aggressive enforcement policy with respect to a range of regulatory compliance matters. For example, on January 6, 2022, the CFPB announced a new initiative to scrutinize so-called consumer junk fees. Since then, the CFPB has taken action to constrain pay-to-pay fees and has announced a rulemaking proceeding on credit card late fees. On October 26, 2022, the CFPB issued guidance to banks on how to avoid charging unlawful overdraft and depositor fees. On February 1, 2023, the CFPB proposed a rule to curb credit card late fees, including proposing an 8 immunity provision to any missed payment. On March 16, 2023, the CFPB issued a bulletin on unfair billing and collection practices after bankruptcy discharges of certain student loan debt, in violation of the Consumer Financial Protection Act, to notify regulated entities how the CFPB intends to exercise its enforcement and supervisory authorities on this issue. On July 13, 2023, the CFPB sued Prehired for illegal student lending practices, including misrepresenting the nature of its loans, tricking consumers in its debt collection practices, and suing students in faraway jurisdictions. In addition, where a company has violated Title X of the Dodd Frank Act, the Dodd-Frank Act empowers state attorneys general and state regulators to bring certain civil actions. Increased enforcement or rules from the CFPB could increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, and increase demand on our systems and resources. 
 We hold lending licenses or similar authorizations in multiple states, each of which has the authority to supervise and examine our activities. As a licensed consumer lender, mortgage lender, loan broker, collection agency, MSB and loan servicer in certain states, we are subject to examinations by state agencies in those states. Similarly, we are subject to licensure requirements and regulations as an education loan servicer in multiple states. An administrative proceeding, litigation, investigation or regulatory proceeding relating to allegations or findings of the violation of such laws by us, any sub-servicer we engage, or our collection agents, could impair our ability to service and collect on our loans or could result in requirements that we pay damages, fines or penalties and/or cancel the balance or other amounts owing under one or more of our loans. There is no assurance that allegations of violations of the provisions of applicable federal or state consumer protection laws will not be asserted against us, any sub-servicers or collection agents we engage or other prior owners of our loans in the future. To the extent it is determined that any of our loans were not originated in accordance with all applicable laws, we may be obligated to repurchase such loan from a whole loan buyer, securitization trust or warehouse facility. 
 We must comply with federal, state and local consumer protection laws including, among others, the federal and state UDAAP laws, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the CRA, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the ECOA, the FHA, the HMDA, the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act, FCRA, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, the Military Lending Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the GLBA, the CARES Act and the Dodd-Frank Act. We must also comply with laws on advertising, as well as privacy laws, including the TCPA, the Telemarketing Sales Rule, the CAN-SPAM Act, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, applicable laws and regulations of Hong Kong including the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance and the Personal Data (Privacy) (Amendment) Ordinance 2012 and the CCPA and other state privacy laws. Privacy and data security concerns, data collection and transfer restrictions, contractual obligations and U.S. laws and regulations related to data privacy, security and protection could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Compliance with applicable laws is costly, and our failure to comply with applicable federal, state and local laws could lead to: 
 loss of our licenses and approvals to engage in our lending and servicing businesses; 
 damage to our reputation in the industry; 
 governmental investigations and enforcement actions; 
 administrative fines and penalties and litigation; 
 civil and criminal liability, including class action lawsuits; 
 inability to enforce loan agreements; 
 diminished ability to sell loans that we originate or purchase, requirements to sell such loans at a discount compared to other loans or repurchase or address indemnification claims from purchasers of such loans; 
 loss or restriction of warehouse facilities to fund loans; 

56 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 inability to raise capital; and 
 inability to execute on our business strategy, including our growth plans. 
 The CRA, to which SoFi Bank is subject, presents a useful example of how a failure to comply with applicable laws could hamper our growth. On January 1, 2023, SoFi Bank began operating under a five-year CRA strategic plan which includes measurable goals relating to: (i) CD Lending and CD Investments, (ii) CD Contributions, (iii) CD Services, (iv) Small Business Lending, and (v) Retail Services and Products. On October 23, 2023, the Federal Reserve, OCC and FDIC approved changes to their CRA regulations, maintaining the existing CRA ratings (Outstanding, Satisfactory, Needs to Improve, and Substantial Noncompliance) but modifying the evaluation framework to replace the existing tests generally applicable to banks with at least 2 billion in assets (the lending, investment, and services tests) with four new tests and associated performance metrics. The new CRA regulations, which become effective on January 1, 2026, increase the geographic areas in which banks will be evaluated for CRA performance and may be particularly burdensome on banks focused on mobile and digital banking such as SoFi Bank. The OCC s assessment of our compliance with the CRA is taken into account when evaluating any application we submit for, among other things, a merger or the acquisition of another financial institution. Our failure to satisfy our CRA obligations could, at a minimum, result in the denial of such applications and limit our growth. 
 In the first quarter of 2019, we were subject to a consent order from the FTC (the FTC Consent Order ), which resolved allegations that we misrepresented how much money student loan borrowers have saved or would save from financing their loans with us, in violation of the Federal Trade Commission Act. Under the FTC Consent Order, we are prohibited from misrepresenting to consumers how much money they would save by using our products, unless the claims are backed up by reliable evidence. 
 While we have developed and monitor policies and procedures designed to assist in compliance with laws and regulations, no assurance can be given that our compliance policies and procedures will be effective and that we will not be subject to fines and penalties, including with respect to any alleged noncompliance with the FTC Consent Order. Ambiguities in applicable statutes and regulations may leave uncertainty with respect to permitted or restricted conduct and may make compliance with laws, and risk assessment decisions with respect to compliance with laws, difficult and uncertain. In addition, ambiguities make it difficult, in certain circumstances, to determine if, and how compliance violations may be cured. We have in the past and may in the future fail to comply with applicable statutes and regulations even if acting in good faith, or because governmental bodies or courts interpret existing laws or regulations in a more restrictive manner, which have in the past and may in the future lead to regulatory investigations, governmental enforcement actions or private causes of action with respect to our compliance. To resolve issues raised in examinations or other governmental actions, we may be required to take various corrective actions, including changing certain business practices, making refunds or taking other actions that could be financially or competitively detrimental to us. In some cases, regardless of fault, it may be less time-consuming or costly to settle these matters, which may require us to implement certain changes to our business practices, provide remediation to certain individuals or make a settlement payment to a given party or regulatory body. There is no assurance that any future settlements will not have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We hold state licenses that result in substantial compliance costs, and our business would be adversely affected if our licenses are impaired as a result of noncompliance with those requirements. 
 We currently hold state licenses in connection with our lending activities, our student loan servicing activities, our securities business as well as our prior MSB activities. Although we have transitioned our lending products to SoFi Bank, for as long as SoFi Lending Corp. originates, purchases or master services or services loans, we must comply with certain state licensing requirements and varying compliance requirements. In addition. although we have transferred our digital assets business, we still hold MSB licenses while we determine whether to maintain or relinquish those licenses. Changes in licensing laws may result in increased disclosure requirements, increased fees, or may impose other conditions to licensing that we or our personnel are unable to meet. In most states in which we operate, a regulatory agency or agencies regulate and enforce laws relating to loan servicers, brokers, and originators, collection agencies, and MSBs. We are subject to periodic examinations by state and other regulators in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business, which can result in increases in our administrative costs and refunds to borrowers of certain fees earned by us, and we may be required to pay substantial penalties imposed by those regulators due to compliance errors, or we may lose our license or our ability to do business in the jurisdiction otherwise may be impaired. Fines and penalties incurred in one jurisdiction may cause investigations or other actions by regulators in other jurisdictions. 
 We may not be able to maintain all currently required licenses and permits. If we change or expand our business activities, we may be required to obtain additional licenses before we can engage in those activities. If we apply for a new license, a regulator may determine that we were required to do so at an earlier point in time, and as a result, may impose penalties or refuse to issue the license, which could require us to modify or limit our activities in the relevant state. For 

57 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 example, we have been fined in the past by state regulators for engaging in financial services related activities prior to obtaining a license. Based on changes to our businesses, we may also forfeit certain of our licenses that are no longer required, such as our MSB licenses following the transfer of our digital assets business. Regulators may impose conditions, requirements or penalties in connection with the forfeiture of any of our licenses. 
 States may also expand or otherwise modify their current regulations and if such states so act, we may not be able to comply with such updated regulations or maintain all requisite licenses and permits in such states or our costs of compliance with and maintenance of such licenses or permits may materially increase. For example, California, Colorado and Maine have implemented additional regulations related to student loan servicers which impose additional registration, reporting and disclosure requirements and which, if applicable to us, may increase our costs of originating and servicing loans in those states. 
 In addition, the states that currently do not provide extensive regulation of our business may later choose to do so, and if such states so act, we may not be able to obtain or maintain all requisite licenses and permits, which could require us to modify or limit our activities in the relevant state or states. The failure to satisfy those and other regulatory requirements could result in a default under our warehouse facilities, other financial arrangements and/or servicing agreements and thereby have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our compliance and risk management policies and procedures as a bank, bank holding company and otherwise regulated financial services company may not be fully effective in identifying or mitigating compliance and risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. 
 As a bank, a bank holding company and a financial services company operating in the banking and securities industry, among others, our business exposes us to a number of heightened risks. We have devoted significant resources to developing our compliance and risk management policies and procedures and will continue to do so, but there can be no assurance these are sufficient, especially as our business is rapidly growing and evolving. Nonetheless, our limited operating history in many of the products we offer, our evolving business and our rapid growth make it difficult to predict all of the risks and challenges we may encounter and may increase the risk that our policies and procedures that serve to identify, monitor and manage compliance risks may not be fully effective in mitigating our exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. Further, some controls are manual and are subject to inherent limitations and errors in oversight. This could cause our compliance and other risk management strategies to be ineffective. Other compliance and risk management methods depend upon the evaluation of information regarding markets, customers, catastrophic occurrences or other matters that are publicly available or otherwise accessible to us, which may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. Insurance and other traditional risk-shifting tools may be held by or available to us in order to manage certain exposures, but they are subject to terms such as deductibles, coinsurance, limits and policy exclusions, as well as risk of counterparty denial of coverage, default or insolvency. Any failure to maintain effective compliance and other risk management strategies could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are also exposed to heightened regulatory risk because our business is subject to extensive regulation and oversight in a variety of areas, and such regulations are subject to evolving interpretations and application and it can be difficult to predict how they may be applied to our business, particularly as we introduce new products and services and expand into new jurisdictions. Additionally, the regulatory landscape involving digital assets is constantly evolving. Although we have exited our digital assets business, the Company, including SoFi Digital Assets, LLC, may still be subject to regulatory scrutiny related to our prior business practices. 
 Also, due to market volatility, it is difficult to predict how much capital we will need in the future to meet net capital requirements. Any perceived or actual breach of laws and regulations could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. It is possible that these laws and regulations could be interpreted or applied in a manner that would prohibit, alter or impair our existing or planned products and services. 
 Regulatory scrutiny of banking as a service, or BaaS, solutions has recently increased and may require us to devote significant resources to enhancing our Technology Platform policies, procedures, operations, controls and products, and the failure to satisfy such increased scrutiny may cause regulators to take action against us or our BaaS partners, or result in a loss of one or more of our BaaS partners. 
 Our Technology Platform facilitates the provision of BaaS products and services to third parties through various card, deposit, payment, transfer, credit and lending solutions that allow financial technology companies or other third parties to, among other things, connect to sponsor banks systems directly via application programming interfaces and cloud infrastructure so they can build banking offerings on top of the sponsor banks regulated infrastructure. In addition, our Technology Platform offers an end-to-end core banking platform solution with integrated payment processing. Furthermore, in connection with our Technology Platform's BaaS solutions, we sometimes offer certain program management, data, analytics, compliance and risk 

58 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 management functions. The third parties that use these BaaS solutions include a variety of financial entities, including banks, fintech companies and other financial intermediaries. SoFi Bank is one of the sponsor banks that utilizes our BaaS products and services and may continue to do so in the future. 
 Federal bank regulators have increasingly focused on the risks related to BaaS solutions, including risk management, oversight, internal controls, information security, change management and information technology operational resilience, as well as potential systemic risk posed by BaaS solutions to the larger banking industry. Recently, regulators have even brought enforcement actions against financial entities that have allegedly not adequately addressed these concerns while growing their BaaS offerings. Regulators have specifically required these financial entities to enhance oversight of third-party fintech partnerships, improve control frameworks related to anti-money laundering and Bank Secrecy Act compliance, and adopt, implement and adhere to revised and expanded risk-based policies, procedures and processes. If we or any of the fintech clients or sponsor bank partners supported by our Technology Platform were to face regulatory actions that limit the growth of our or their fintech business, or if we were forced to stop growing our Technology Platform, or if any of our fintech clients or sponsor banks were to limit or cease their participation in BaaS solutions, this could have a negative impact on our revenue and results of operation for the Technology Platform segment. 
 Furthermore, regulatory scrutiny of BaaS solutions extends directly to middleware providers, such as our Technology Platform, which, in certain circumstances, bear accountability for their partners compliance and risk management, including with respect to penalties, fines, and other measures that bank regulatory agencies take in the event of non-compliant activity or risks that are not well controlled. This is particularly true when the BaaS solution includes program management, and compliance and risk management controls, including managing anti-money laundering and fraud risks. In addition, as our fintech and sponsor bank partners face increased regulatory scrutiny, their scrutiny of our services will likely increase and our inability to satisfactorily respond to partner demands could result in those partners moving to different solutions. Assessing and managing risk for our Technology Platform clients in the face of regulatory and client scrutiny has in the past and will continue to require us to devote significant resources to enhancing relevant policies, procedures, operations and products. Finally, as a subsidiary of a bank holding company, any failure of our Technology Platform's BaaS solutions to withstand regulatory scrutiny could reflect badly on our relationship with our regulators and on our overall reputation. 
 While we believe we are a leader in managing, monitoring and overseeing BaaS relationships with third parties and corresponding technologies, if we are not successful in continuing to enhance our controls for assessing and managing the third-party, anti-money laundering, fraud and information technology risks stemming from certain of our fintech and sponsor bank partnerships, we could be subject to additional regulatory scrutiny with respect to that portion of our business which could subject us to regulatory fines or other penalties, or business or reputational harm, and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may become subject to enforcement actions or litigation as a result of our failure to comply with laws and regulations, even though noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional. 
 We maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations; however, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though there were systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance in place at the time. 
 For example, we engage in outbound telephone and text communications with consumers, and accordingly must comply with a number of federal and state statutes and regulations that regulate certain such communications, including the TCPA and Telemarketing Sales Rules. The U.S. Federal Communications Commission (the FCC ), and the FTC have responsibility for regulating various aspects of some of these federal laws. Among other requirements, the TCPA requires us to obtain prior express written consent for certain telemarketing calls and to adhere to do-not-call registry requirements which, in part, mandate we maintain and regularly update lists of consumers who have chosen not to be called and restrict calls to consumers who are on the national do-not-call list. In addition, in December 2023, the FCC introduced new regulations under the TCPA addressing lead generator relationships, among other things. Florida and several other states also have mini-TCPA and other similar consumer protection laws regulating certain telemarketing directed to their residents. These federal and state laws limit our ability to communicate with consumers and reduce the effectiveness of our marketing programs. As currently construed, the TCPA does not distinguish between voice and data, and, as such, SMS/MMS messages are also calls for the purpose of TCPA obligations and restrictions. 
 For violations of the TCPA, the law provides for a private right of action under which a plaintiff may recover monetary statutory damages of 500 for each call or text made in violation of the statute. A court may treble the 500 amount upon a finding of a willful or knowing violation. There is no statutory cap on maximum aggregate exposure for TCPA violations (although some courts have applied in TCPA class actions constitutional limits on excessive penalties). Like the TCPA, several 

59 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 mini-TCPA and other similar state laws also provide for a private right of action under which a plaintiff may recover statutory damages of 500 or more for each violative call or text and enhanced statutory if the violation is knowing or willful. An action may be brought by the FCC, a state attorney general, an individual, or a class of individuals. Like other companies that rely on telephone and text communications, we may be subject to putative class action suits alleging violations of the TCPA, and state mini-TCPA and other similar state laws. If in the future we are found to have violated any federal or state law regulating telemarketing, the amount of damages and potential liability could be extensive and adversely impact our business. 
 In addition, we use credit reports in our credit decisioning processes and, accordingly, must comply with FCRA which requires a permissible purpose to obtain a consumer credit report and requires persons that furnish loan payment information to credit bureaus to report such information accurately. We are also required to perform a reasonable investigation in the event we receive indirect disputes from the credit bureaus about the accuracy of our credit reporting for a particular consumer and to update any inaccurate information we discover. Although we have policies and procedures in place to comply with FCRA, we are subject to lawsuits alleging that we failed under FCRA to adequately investigate indirect disputes over credit reporting which we receive from one or more credit bureaus. We have experienced an increase in such FCRA claims since our business has grown and even if we are ultimately successful in defending against such suits, they could involve substantial time and expense to analyze and respond to, could divert management s attention and other resources from running our business, and could lead to settlements, judgments, fines, penalties or injunctive relief. 
 Changes in applicable laws and regulations, as well as changes in government enforcement policies and priorities, may negatively impact the management of our business, results of operations, ability to offer certain products or the terms and conditions upon which they are offered, and ability to compete. 
 Financial services regulation is constantly changing, and new laws or regulations, or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations, could have a materially adverse impact on our ability to operate as currently intended, and cause us to incur significant expense in order to ensure compliance. Federal and state financial services regulators are also enforcing existing laws, regulations, and rules aggressively and enhancing their supervisory expectations regarding the management of legal and regulatory compliance risks. These regulatory changes and uncertainties make our business planning more difficult and could result in changes to our business model and potentially adversely impact our results of operations. Furthermore, to the extent applicable, these laws can impose specific statutory liabilities upon creditors who fail to comply with their provisions and may affect the enforceability of a loan. 
 Proposals to change the statutes affecting financial services companies are frequently introduced in Congress and state legislatures that, if enacted, may affect their operating environment in substantial and unpredictable ways. In addition, numerous federal and state regulators and SROs have the authority to promulgate or change regulations that could have a similar effect on our operating environment. We cannot determine with any degree of certainty whether any such legislative or regulatory proposals will be enacted and, if enacted, the ultimate impact that any such potential legislation or implementing regulations, or any such potential regulatory actions by federal or state regulators, would have upon our business. 
 New laws, regulations, policy or changes in enforcement of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business, or reexamination of current practices, could adversely impact our profitability, limit our ability to continue existing or pursue new business activities, require us to change certain of our business practices, affect retention of key personnel, or expose us to additional costs (including increased compliance costs and/or customer remediation). These changes also may require us to invest significant resources, and devote significant management attention, to make any necessary changes and could adversely affect our business. For example, the SEC proposed Regulation Best Execution, along with other proposals related to equity market structure, in December 2022. If adopted as proposed, Regulation Best Execution and other recent proposals would substantially alter existing order routing, execution incentives and business practices. The SEC also finalized rules in February 2023 to shorten the standard settlement cycle for most broker-dealer transactions in securities from two business days after the trade (T+2) to one (T+1). While the SEC compliance date for T+1 is not until May 2024, this change will require technological, operational, and compliance adjustments across the industry that are likely to be time consuming and costly for all market participants. In March 2023, the SEC proposed multiple rules related to privacy and cybersecurity. Proposed amendments to Regulation S-P would, among other things: (i) require covered institutions (including broker-dealers and investment advisers) to adopt written policies and procedures for an incident response program to address unauthorized access to or use of customer information; and (ii) require covered institutions to have written policies and procedures to provide timely notification to affected individuals whose sensitive customer information was or is reasonably likely to have been accessed or used without authorization. The SEC reopened the comment period for the Investment Management Cybersecurity Release which proposed new rules that would require registered investment advisers and investment companies to adopt and implement written cybersecurity policies and procedures reasonably designed to address cybersecurity risks, disclose information about cybersecurity risks and incidents, report information confidentially to the SEC about certain cybersecurity incidents, and maintain related records. In July 2023, the SEC proposed new rules and amendments to address certain conflicts of interest 

60 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 associated with the use of predictive data analytics by broker-dealers and investment advisers firms in investor interactions. If adopted, the proposed rules would require broker-dealers and investment advisers to evaluate and determine whether their use of certain technologies in investor interactions such as analytical, technological or computational functions, algorithms, models, correlation matrices or similar methods or processes that direct or optimize for investment related behavior, involves a conflict of interest that results in the broker-dealer or investment adviser s interests being placed ahead of investors interests. Depending on the outcome of any final rule, our ability to use these technologies to generate business activity and revenue may be limited. See also Lawmakers, regulators and other public officials have signaled an increased focus on new or additional laws or regulations that could impact our broker-dealer business and require us to make significant changes to our business model and practices, and could result in significant costs to our business or loss of current revenue streams . Compliance with each of these rules, when and if required, would impose additional costs on our business. To the extent such proposals affect the equity market structure more broadly, our ability to generate revenue may be impaired. There is also the risk that, despite our best efforts, the SEC does not view our compliance measures as sufficient. This risk is substantially elevated where regulators adopt a substantial number of new rules in a short time frame. On October 13, 2023, the SEC adopted rules relating to providing additional disclosures in the securities lending market. These rules require any covered person that loans a reportable security on behalf of itself or another person to report certain material terms of those loans and related information to FINRA by the end of the day on which the loan is effected. FINRA in turn will make certain information it receives publicly available by the next business day. These regulations could make securities lending more costly, leading to less overall lending activity and a decrease in revenue. In addition, non-compliance with any adopted requirements would likely result in enforcement action by the SEC or FINRA. 
 Extensive regulation and supervision have a negative impact on our ability to compete in a cost-effective manner and may subject us to material compliance costs and penalties. 
 The Company, primarily through its subsidiary SoFi Bank and certain non-bank subsidiaries, is subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors funds, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking system as a whole. Many laws and regulations affect our lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy and growth, among other things. They encourage us to ensure a satisfactory level of lending in defined areas and establish and maintain comprehensive programs relating to anti-money laundering and customer identification. Congress, state legislatures, and federal and state regulatory agencies continually review banking laws, regulations and policies for possible changes. Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations or policies, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject us to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products it may offer and/or increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products, among other things. Failure to comply with laws, regulations or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties and/or reputation damage, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to the risk that regulatory or enforcement agencies and/or consumer advocacy groups may assert that our business practices may violate certain rules, laws and regulations, including anti-discrimination statutes. 
 Anti-discrimination statutes, such as the FHA and the ECOA and state law equivalents, prohibit creditors from discriminating against loan applicants and borrowers based on certain characteristics, such as race, religion and national origin. Various federal regulatory and enforcement departments and agencies, including the Department of Justice and CFPB, take the position that these laws apply not only to intentional discrimination, but also to facially neutral practices that have a disparate impact on a group that shares a characteristic that a creditor may not consider in making credit decisions. State and federal regulators, as well as consumer advocacy groups and plaintiffs attorneys, are focusing greater attention on disparate impact claims. Similarly, these regulatory agencies and litigants could take the position that the geographical footprint within which we conduct lending activity or the manner in which we advertise loans, disproportionately excludes potential borrowers belonging to a protected class, and constitutes unlawful redlining . Although we utilize an automated underwriting process to originate loans, we frequently adjust pricing strategies which increases our risk of inadvertently violating the FHA and the ECOA. These regulatory agencies could also take the position that the underwriting or credit models or algorithms we use produce disparate outcomes or do not produce sufficient information about a credit decision to satisfy applicant notification requirements under ECOA. In addition to reputational harm, violations of the FHA and the ECOA can result in actual damages, punitive damages, injunctive or equitable relief, attorneys fees and civil money penalties. 
 Our investment adviser and broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to regulation by the SEC and FINRA. 
 We offer investment management services through SoFi Wealth, an internet based investment adviser, and SoFi Capital Advisors, which sponsors private investment funds that invest in asset-backed securitizations. Both SoFi Wealth and SoFi Capital Advisors (collectively, the Investment Advisers are registered as investment advisers under the Investment 

61 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ), which does not imply any level of skill or training, and are subject to regulation by the SEC. SoFi Securities is an affiliated SEC-registered broker-dealer and FINRA member. We offer cash management accounts, which are brokerage products, through SoFi Securities. 
 The Investment Advisers operate in a highly regulated environment and are subject to, among other things, the anti-fraud provisions of the Advisers Act and to fiduciary duties derived from these provisions, which apply to their relationships with our members who are their advisory clients, as well as the funds managed by the Investment Advisers. These provisions and duties also impose certain restrictions and obligations on us with respect to our dealings with our members, fund investors and our investments, including for example restrictions on transactions with our affiliates. Our Investment Advisers are also subject to other requirements under the Advisers Act and related regulations. These additional requirements relate to matters including, among others, maintaining effective and comprehensive compliance programs, record-keeping and reporting and disclosure requirements. Further, in 2022 and 2023, the SEC proposed numerous amendments to the Advisers Act rules, which are likely to present a number of additional significant and burdensome compliance challenges for registered investment advisers. In addition, our Investment Advisers have been in the past, and will be in the future, subject to SEC examination. Moreover, the Advisers Act generally grants the SEC broad administrative powers, including the power to limit or restrict an investment adviser from conducting advisory activities in the event it fails to comply with federal securities laws. The investment advisers are also subject to applicable state securities laws. Additional sanctions that may be imposed for failure to comply with applicable requirements include the prohibition of individuals from associating with an investment adviser, the revocation of registrations and other censures and fines. Even if an investigation or proceeding did not result in a sanction or the sanction imposed against us or our personnel by a regulator was small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity relating to the investigation, proceeding or imposition of these sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing members or fail to gain new members. See Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings . 
 Our subsidiary, SoFi Securities, is an affiliated SEC-registered broker-dealer and FINRA member. The securities industry is highly regulated, including under federal, state and other applicable laws, rules and regulations, and we may be adversely affected by regulatory changes related to suitability of financial products, supervision, sales practices, advertising, application of fiduciary standards, best execution and market structure, any of which could limit our business and damage our reputation. FINRA has adopted extensive regulatory requirements relating to sales practices, advertising, registration of personnel, compliance and supervision, and compensation and disclosure, to which SoFi Securities and its personnel are subject. FINRA and the SEC also have the authority to conduct examinations of SoFi Securities, and may also conduct administrative proceedings. Additionally, material expansions of the business in which SoFi Securities engages are subject to approval by FINRA. This could delay, or even prevent, the firm s ability to expand its securities and brokerage offerings in the future. 
 From time to time, SoFi Securities and the Investment Advisers may be threatened with or named as a defendant in lawsuits, arbitrations and administrative claims. As previously noted, these entities are also subject to regulatory examinations and inspections by regulators (including the SEC and FINRA, as applicable). Compliance and trading problems or other deficiencies or weaknesses that are reported to regulators, such as the SEC and FINRA, by dissatisfied members or others, or that are identified by regulators themselves are investigated by such regulators, and may, if pursued, result in formal claims being filed against SoFi Securities and the Investment Advisers by members or disciplinary action being taken by regulators against us or our personnel. Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations or our own policies and procedures could result in fines, litigation, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, which could have a material effect on our overall financial results. For example, in December 2023, FINRA found that SoFi Securities failed to establish, maintain, and enforce a supervisory system reasonably designed to supervise its fully paid securities lending offerings. Even if a sanction imposed against us or our personnel is small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity arising from the imposition of sanctions against us by regulators could harm our reputation and our brand and lead to material legal, regulatory and financial exposure (including fines and other penalties), cause us to lose existing members or fail to gain new members. In addition, in the normal course of business, SoFi Securities and the Investment Advisers discuss matters raised by its regulators during regulatory examinations or otherwise upon their inquiry. These matters could also result in censures, fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 In addition to the broker-dealer proposals described above under Changes in applicable laws and regulations, as well as changes in government enforcement policies and priorities, may negatively impact the management of our business, results of operations, ability to offer certain products or the terms and conditions upon which they are offered, and ability to compete , a substantial number of proposed rules for investment advisers were introduced in 2023 and may be adopted this year. These proposals cover material regulatory topics, including: (i) environmental, social, and governance issues for investment advisers and registered investment companies; (ii) outsourcing by investment advisers; and (iii) safeguarding and custody of client assets. If enacted, compliance with each of these proposed rules would impose additional costs on our business. There is also the risk that, despite our best efforts, the SEC does not view our compliance measures as sufficient. This risk is substantially elevated where regulators adopt a substantial number of new rules in a short time frame. 

62 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 We recently transferred our digital assets-related trading services to comply with regulations governing bank holding companies; this transfer could adversely impact our member relationships and our reputation. 
 Until recently, we offered virtual currency and digital asset-related trading services through SoFi Digital Assets, LLC, a subsidiary licensed and registered with various governmental authorities as a MSB, money transmitter, virtual currency business or the equivalent. In connection with our approval as a bank holding company in February 2022, the Federal Reserve determined that SoFi Digital Assets, LLC was engaged in certain digital asset-related activities that the Federal Reserve has not found to be permissible for a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act and Regulation Y. Section 4(a)(2) of the Bank Holding Company Act permitted us to continue our digital assets related offering for a two-year conformance period from the date we became a bank holding company. In compliance with the requirement that we conform our activities to those permissible for a bank holding company, in December 2023, we ceased offering digital-asset related trading services in all states except New York. We provided a majority of our members with the option to either close their digital asset account or migrate their digital assets accounts to Blockchain.com. Members located in New York were not eligible for account migration, so those member accounts remained open for sell orders only until January 28, 2024, following which any open New York accounts were closed. All transaction fees from any sales from digital assets accounts will be reimbursed. As part of our transfer of our digital asset-related activities we entered into a referral arrangement with Blockchain.com, and we have and may continue to enter into additional referral arrangements with other companies that can provide digital-asset related trading services to our members. Although we do not expect the transfer of our digital asset-related activities or entry into the referral arrangements to have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operation or financial results, we cannot guarantee that our members will not experience a negative impact with respect to their digital asset positions. In addition, these are recent events and there is no guarantee we will not face member dissatisfaction or litigation, or harm to our reputation, or adverse regulatory consequences, from such developments. 
 Furthermore, if our prior digital asset-related trading services are the subject of regulatory scrutiny or enforcement actions, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and reputation. There has been a significant amount of guidance, reports, and public statements issued by federal and state financial regulators regarding the legal permissibility of, and supervisory considerations relating to, financial institutions engaging in digital assets-related activities. Many U.S. regulators, including the SEC, FinCEN, the CFTC, the IRS, and state regulators including the New York State Department of Financial Services, have made official pronouncements, pursued cases against businesses in the digital assets space or issued guidance or rules regarding the treatment of Bitcoin and other digital currencies. Both federal and state agencies have instituted enforcement actions against those violating their interpretation of existing laws. Other U.S. and many state agencies have offered little or incomplete official guidance regarding the treatment of digital assets. For example, the CFTC has publicly taken the position that certain virtual currencies, which term includes digital assets, are commodities. Senior SEC staff members have created additional ambiguity about certain digital assets, including Ether, by refusing to affirmatively state whether they are commodities subject to CFTC jurisdiction or securities subject to SEC jurisdiction. In addition, in 2023, the SEC brought high profile enforcement actions against companies that intermediate transactions in digital assets. For example, in June 2023, the SEC filed lawsuits against cryptocurrency exchanges Coinbase and Binance Holdings Limited and its affiliate BAM Trading Services Inc. (collectively, Binance alleging, among other allegations, that Coinbase operated its crypto trading platform as an unregistered national securities exchange, broker and clearing agency and for its failure to register the offer and sale of its crypto asset staking-as-a-service program. The SEC alleges that Binance was operating unregistered national exchanges, broker-dealers and clearing agencies and the unregistered offer and sale of crypto assets. If the SEC or another federal or state regulator alleges that any assets we offered are securities or that we have violated any other federal or state securities law or regulation, we could face potential liability, including an enforcement action or private class action lawsuits, and face the costs of defending ourselves in the action, including potential fines, penalties, reputation harm, and potential loss of revenue. See We may become subject to enforcement actions or litigation as a result of our failure to comply with laws and regulations, even though noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional . 
 Failure to comply with anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions regulations, and similar laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 Various laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad, such as the BSA, the Dodd-Frank Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, and the Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act, impose certain anti-money laundering requirements on companies that are financial institutions or that provide financial products and services. Under these laws and regulations, financial institutions are broadly defined to include banks and MSBs such as money transmitters. In 2013, FinCEN issued guidance regarding the applicability of the BSA to administrators and exchangers of convertible virtual currency, clarifying that they are MSBs, and more specifically, money transmitters. The BSA requires banks and MSBs to develop and implement risk-based anti-money laundering programs, report large cash transactions and suspicious activity, and maintain transaction records, among other requirements. State regulators may impose similar requirements on licensed money transmitters. In addition, our contracts with financial institution partners and other third parties may contractually require us to maintain an anti-money 

63 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 laundering program. SoFi Bank is subject to the regulatory and supervisory jurisdiction of the OCC with respect to the BSA and its implementing regulations applicable to banks. Our subsidiary, SoFi Digital Assets, LLC, is registered with FinCEN as an MSB. Registration as an MSB subjects us to the regulatory and supervisory jurisdiction of FinCEN and the IRS, the anti-money laundering provisions of the BSA and its implementing regulations applicable to MSBs. Although we have exited our digital assets business, the Company, including SoFi Digital Assets, LLC, may still be subject to regulatory scrutiny related to our prior business practices. 
 We are also subject to economic and trade sanctions programs administered by OFAC, which prohibit or restrict transactions to or from or dealings with specified countries, their governments, and in certain circumstances, their nationals, and with individuals and entities that are specially-designated nationals of those countries, narcotics traffickers, terrorists or terrorist organizations, and other sanctioned persons and entities. 
 Our failure to comply with anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions regulations, and similar laws could subject us to substantial civil and criminal penalties, or result in the loss or restriction of our national bank charter, MSB or broker-dealer registrations and state licenses, or liability under our contracts with third parties, which may significantly affect our ability to conduct some aspects of our business. Changes in this regulatory environment, including changing interpretations and the implementation of new or varying regulatory requirements by the government, may significantly affect or change the manner in which we currently conduct some aspects of our business. 
 We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery and similar laws, and noncompliance with such laws can subject us to significant adverse consequences, including criminal or civil liability, and harm our business. 
 We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.S. domestic bribery laws and other U.S. and foreign anti-corruption laws. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years and are interpreted broadly to generally prohibit companies, their employees and their third-party intermediaries from authorizing, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public sector. These laws also require that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. Although our operations are currently concentrated in the U.S., as we increase our international cross-border business and expand operations abroad, we have engaged and may further engage with business partners and third-party intermediaries to market our services and to obtain necessary permits, licenses and other regulatory approvals. In addition, we or our third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party intermediaries, our employees, representatives, contractors, partners, and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. The failure to comply with any such laws could subject us to criminal or civil liability, cause us significant reputational harm and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We conduct our business operations through subsidiaries and may in the future rely on dividends from our subsidiaries for a substantial amount of our cash flows. 
 We may in the future depend on dividends, distributions and other payments from our subsidiaries to fund payments on our obligations, including any debt obligations we may incur. Regulatory and other legal restrictions may limit our ability to transfer funds to or from certain subsidiaries, including SoFi Securities and SoFi Bank. In addition, certain of our subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations that authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds to us, or that prohibit such transfers altogether in certain circumstances. These laws and regulations may hinder our ability to access funds that we may need to make payments on our obligations, including any debt obligations we may incur and otherwise conduct our business by, among other things, reducing our liquidity in the form of corporate cash. In addition to negatively affecting our business, a significant decrease in our liquidity could also reduce investor confidence in us. Certain rules and regulations of the SEC and FINRA may limit the extent to which our broker-dealer subsidiaries may distribute capital to us. For example, under FINRA rules applicable to SoFi Securities, a dividend in excess of 10 of a member firm s excess net capital may not be paid without FINRA s prior written approval. In addition, the OCC has the authority to use its enforcement powers to prohibit a bank from paying dividends if, in its opinion, the payment of dividends would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. Federal law also prohibits the payment of dividends by a bank that will result in the bank failing to meet its applicable capital requirements on a pro forma basis. In addition, under the National Bank Act, SoFi Bank generally may, without prior approval of the OCC, declare a dividend but only so long as the total amount of all dividends (common and preferred), including the proposed dividend, in the current year do not exceed net income for the current year to date plus retained net income for the prior two years. Compliance with these rules may impede our ability to receive dividends, distributions and other payments from SoFi Securities and SoFi Bank. 

64 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 We have in the past, continue to be, and may in the future be subject to inquiries, exams, pending investigations, or enforcement matters. 
 The financial services industry is subject to extensive regulation and oversight under federal, state, and applicable international laws. From time to time, in the normal course of business, we have received and may receive or be subject to inquiries or investigations by state and federal regulatory or enforcement agencies and bodies, such as the CFPB, SEC, the Federal Reserve, the OCC, the FDIC, the FHFA, the VA, the state attorneys general, state financial regulatory agencies, other state or federal agencies and SROs like FINRA. We also have in the past and may in the future receive inquiries from state regulatory agencies regarding requirements to obtain licenses from or register with those states, including in states where we have previously determined that we are not required to obtain such a license or be registered with the state. In addition, we have been threatened with or named as a defendant in lawsuits, arbitrations and administrative claims involving securities, consumer financial services and other matters. We are also subject to periodic regulatory examinations and inspections. Compliance and trading problems or other deficiencies or weaknesses that are reported to regulators, such as the OCC, SEC, FINRA, the CFPB or state regulators, by dissatisfied customers or others, or that are identified by regulators themselves, are investigated by such regulators, and may, if pursued, result in formal claims being filed against us by customers or disciplinary action being taken against us or our employees by regulators or enforcement agencies. To resolve issues raised in examinations or other governmental actions, we may be required to take various corrective actions, including changing certain business practices, making refunds or taking other actions that could be financially or competitively detrimental to us. 
 Any such inquiries, investigations, lawsuits, arbitrations, administrative claims or other inquiries have in the past and could in the future involve substantial time and expense to analyze and respond to, divert management s attention and other resources from running our business, and lead to fines, penalties, injunctive relief, and the need to obtain additional licenses that we do not currently possess. Our involvement in any such matters, whether tangential or otherwise and even if the matters are ultimately determined in our favor, could also cause significant harm to our reputation, lead to additional investigations and enforcement actions from other agencies or litigants, and further divert management attention and resources from the operation of our business. As a result, the outcome of legal and regulatory actions arising out of any state or federal inquiries we receive could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Lawmakers, regulators and other public officials have signaled an increased focus on new or additional laws or regulations that could impact our broker-dealer business and require us to make significant changes to our business model and practices, and could result in significant costs to our business or loss of current revenue streams. 
 Various lawmakers, regulators and other public officials have recently made statements about business practices in which we and other broker-dealers engage, including SoFi Securities, and signaled an increased focus on new or additional laws or regulations that, if acted upon, could impact our business. For example, a focus by regulators and lawmakers on PFOF, exchange rebates, and related conflicts of interest have resulted in new proposed rules. Additionally, the SEC has proposed new requirements regarding best execution (Regulation Best Execution), PFOF and a rule to prohibit volume-based transaction pricing in connection with the execution of agency-related orders in national market system stock. The SEC also issued an order in September 2023 directing the equity exchanges and FINRA to file a new national marketing system plan. This order and other proposals have the potential to substantially reshape U.S. equities markets in intended and unintended ways, and to substantially alter existing order routing, execution incentives and business practices. The SEC also finalized rules in February 2023 to shorten the standard settlement cycle for most broker-dealer transactions in securities from two business days after the trade (T+2) to one (T+1). The SEC compliance date for T+1 is in May 2024 and this change has required and will continue to require technological, operational, and compliance adjustments across the industry that are likely to be time consuming and costly for all market participants. Additionally, a focus by lawmakers and regulators on so-called gamification and digital engagement practices has resulted in a new rule proposed by the SEC and, in July 2023, the SEC proposed new rules and amendments to address certain conflicts of interest associated with the use of predictive data analytics by broker-dealers and investment advisers in investor interactions. If adopted, the proposed rules would require broker-dealers and investment advisers to evaluate and determine whether their use of certain technologies in investor interactions such as analytical, technological or computational functions, algorithms, models, correlation matrices or similar methods or processes that direct or optimize for investment related behavior, involves a conflict of interest that results in the broker-dealer or investment adviser s interests being placed ahead of investors interests. A Fall 2023 SEC rulemaking agenda indicates that adoptions of these proposed rules are likely. 
 To the extent that the SEC, FINRA or other regulatory authorities or legislative bodies adopt additional regulations or legislation in respect of any of these areas or relating to any other aspect of our business, we could face a heightened risk of potential regulatory violations and could be required to make significant changes to our business model and practices, which changes may not be successful. Any of these outcomes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, any negative publicity surrounding PFOF practices generally, or our implementation of this 

65 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 practice, could harm our brand and reputation. For more information about the potential impact of legal and regulatory changes, see We may become subject to enforcement actions or litigation as a result of our failure to comply with laws and regulations, even though noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional . 
 Regulations relating to privacy, information security and data protection could increase our costs, affect or limit how we collect and use personal information, and adversely affect our business opportunities. 
 We are subject to various privacy, information security and data protection laws, including requirements concerning security breach notification, and we could be negatively impacted by them. For example, we are subject to the GLBA and implementing regulations and guidance. Among other things, the GLBA (i) imposes certain limitations on the ability to share consumers nonpublic personal information with nonaffiliated third parties and (ii) requires certain disclosures to consumers about our practices for the collection, sharing and safeguarding of their information and their right to opt out of the institution s disclosure of their personal financial information to nonaffiliated third parties (with certain exceptions). The GLBA and other state laws also require that we implement and maintain certain security measures, policies and procedures to protect personal information. 
 Furthermore, legislators and/or regulators are increasingly adopting new and/or amending existing privacy, information security and data protection laws that potentially could have a significant impact on our current and planned privacy, data protection and information security-related practices; our policies and practices related to the collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of consumer and/or employee information; and some of our current or planned business activities. New requirements, originating from new or amended laws, could also increase our costs of compliance and business operations and could reduce income from certain business initiatives. 
 Compliance with current or future privacy, information security and data protection laws (including those regarding security breach notification) affecting customer and/or employee data to which we are subject could result in higher compliance and technology costs and could restrict our ability to provide certain products and services (such as products or services that involve sharing information with third parties or storing sensitive credit card information), which could materially and adversely affect our profitability. A failure by us or a third-party contractor providing services to us to comply with applicable data privacy and security laws, regulations, self-regulatory requirements or industry guidelines, or our terms of use with our users, may result in sanctions, statutory or contractual damages or litigation (including class actions) and may subject us to reputational harm. Additionally, there is always a danger that regulators can attempt to assert authority over our business in the area of privacy, information security and data protection. Furthermore, if our vendors and/or service providers are or become subject to laws and regulations in the jurisdictions that have enacted more stringent and expansive legislation applicable to privacy, information and/or data protection, the costs that these vendors and service providers must incur in becoming compliant may be passed along to us, resulting in increasing costs on our business. 
 Concerns in our ability, perceived or otherwise, to protect the privacy and security of personal information may affect our ability to retain and engage new and existing members, clients, investors, and employees, and thereby affect our financial condition. Furthermore, failure to comply or perceived failure to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws, rules, and regulations may subject us to examinations, investigations, and general heightened scrutiny that may cause us to modify or cease certain operations or practices, significant liabilities or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions. Any of these could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Privacy requirements, including notice and opt-out requirements, under the GLBA and FCRA are enforced by the FTC, the OCC and by the CFPB through UDAAP and are a standard component of OCC and CFPB compliance and examinations. State entities also may initiate actions for alleged violations of privacy or security requirements under state law. Our failure to comply with privacy, information security and data protection laws could result in potentially significant regulatory investigations and government actions, litigation, fines or sanctions, consumer or merchant actions and damage to our reputation and brand, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Should we undertake an international expansion of our business, particularly if we commence doing business in one or more countries of the EU or the United Kingdom (the UK ), we will be required to comply with stringent privacy and data protection laws. Within the EU, legislators have adopted the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), which became effective in May 2018. Should we commence doing business in Europe, the GDPR will impose additional obligations and risk upon our business, which may increase substantially the penalties to which we could be subject in the event of any noncompliance. We may incur substantial expense in complying with obligations imposed by the GDPR and we may be required to make significant changes in our business operations, all of which may adversely affect our revenues and our business overall. 

66 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 In addition, further to the UK s exit from the EU on January 31, 2020, the GDPR ceased to apply in the UK at the end of the transition period on December 31, 2020. However, as of January 1, 2021, the UK s European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 incorporated the GDPR (as it existed on December 31, 2020 but subject to certain UK specific amendments) into UK law, referred to as the UK GDPR . The UK GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 set out the UK s data protection regime, which is independent from but aligned to the EU s data protection regime. Noncompliance with the UK GDPR may result in significant monetary penalties. Although the UK is regarded as a third country under the EU s GDPR, the EC has issued a decision recognizing the UK as providing adequate protection under the EU GDPR and, therefore, transfers of personal data originating in the EU to the UK remain unrestricted. Like the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR restricts personal data transfers outside the UK to countries not regarded by the UK as providing adequate protection. The UK government has confirmed that personal data transfers from the UK to the EEA remain free flowing. 
 In addition, around the world many jurisdictions outside of Europe are also considering and/or have enacted comprehensive data protection legislation. For example, we are subject to stringent privacy and data protection requirements in Hong Kong. Also, many jurisdictions where we may seek to expand our business in the future are also considering and/or have enacted comprehensive data protection legislation. Additional jurisdictions with stringent data protection laws include Brazil and China. In the United States, the SEC proposed multiple rules related to privacy and cybersecurity in March 2023. Proposed amendments to Regulation S-P would, among other things: (i) require covered institutions (including broker-dealers and investment advisers) to adopt written policies and procedures for an incident response program to address unauthorized access to or use of customer information; and (ii) require covered institutions to have written policies and procedures to provide timely notification to affected individuals whose sensitive customer information was or is reasonably likely to have been accessed or used without authorization. The SEC reopened the comment period for the Investment Management Cybersecurity Release which proposed new rules that would require registered investment advisers and investment companies to adopt and implement written cybersecurity policies and procedures reasonably designed to address cybersecurity risks, disclose information about cybersecurity risks and incidents, report information confidentially to the SEC about certain cybersecurity incidents, and maintain related records. While we believe we have robust policies and procedures addressing incidents involving unauthorized access to or use of customer information, these regulations have and may in the future require us to amend our current incident response program. In addition, these regulations may interfere with our intended business activities, inhibit our ability to expand into those markets or prohibit us from continuing to offer services in those markets without significant additional costs. 
 The regulatory framework governing the collection, processing, storage, use and sharing of certain information, particularly financial and other personal information, is rapidly evolving and is likely to continue to be subject to uncertainty and varying interpretations. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with laws in other jurisdictions or with our existing data management practices or the features of our services and platform capabilities. We therefore cannot yet fully determine the impact existing and/or future laws, rules, regulations and industry standards may have on our business or operations. Any failure or perceived failure by us, or any third parties with which we do business, to comply with our posted privacy policies, changing consumer expectations, evolving laws, rules and regulations, industry standards, or contractual obligations to which we or such third parties are or may become subject, may result in actions or other claims against us by governmental entities or private actors, the expenditure of substantial costs, time and other resources or the imposition of significant fines, penalties or other liabilities. In addition, any such action, particularly to the extent we were found to be guilty of violations or otherwise liable for damages, would damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any such laws, rules, regulations and industry standards may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions, subject to differing interpretations or may conflict with our current or future practices. Additionally, our customers may be subject to differing privacy laws, rules and legislation, which may mean that they require us to be bound by varying contractual requirements applicable to certain other jurisdictions. Adherence to such contractual requirements may impact our collection, use, processing, storage, sharing and disclosure of various types of information including financial information and other personal information, and may mean we become bound by, or voluntarily comply with, self-regulatory or other industry standards relating to these matters that may further change as laws, rules and regulations evolve. Complying with these requirements and changing our policies and practices may be onerous and costly, and we may not be able to respond quickly or effectively to regulatory, legislative and other developments. These changes may in turn impair our ability to offer our existing or planned features, products and services and/or increase our cost of doing business. As we expand our customer base, these requirements may vary from customer to customer, further increasing the cost of compliance and doing business. 
 We publicly post documentation regarding our practices concerning the collection, processing, use and disclosure of data. Although we endeavor to comply with our published policies and documentation, we may at times fail to do so or be alleged to have failed to do so. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies or any applicable privacy, security or data protection, information security or consumer-protection related laws, regulations, orders or industry standards could expose us to costly litigation, significant awards, fines or judgments, civil and/or criminal penalties or negative 

67 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 publicity, and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The publication of our privacy policy and other documentation that provide promises and assurances about privacy and security can subject us to potential state and federal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our actual practices, which could, individually or in the aggregate, materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 It may be difficult and costly to protect our intellectual property rights, and we may not be able to ensure their protection. 
 Our ability to provide our products and services to our members and technology platform clients depends, in part, upon our proprietary technology. We may be unable to protect our proprietary technology effectively, which would allow competitors to duplicate our business processes and know-how, and adversely affect our ability to compete with them. A third party may attempt to reverse engineer or otherwise obtain and use our proprietary technology without our consent. The pursuit of a claim against a third party for infringement of our intellectual property could be costly, and there can be no guarantee that any such efforts would be successful. 
 In addition, our platform or those of third-party service providers that we utilize may infringe upon claims of third-party intellectual property, and we may face intellectual property challenges from such other parties. We may not be successful in defending against any such challenges or in obtaining licenses to avoid or resolve any intellectual property disputes, or in receiving amounts due to us under indemnification obligations from third-party service providers. The costs of defending any such claims or litigation could be significant and, if we are unsuccessful, could result in a requirement that we pay significant damages or licensing fees, which would negatively impact our financial performance. If we cannot protect our proprietary technology from intellectual property challenges, our ability to maintain our platform could be adversely affected. 
 Some aspects of our platform include open source software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could negatively affect our business. 
 We incorporate open source software into our proprietary platform and into other processes supporting our business. Such open source software may include software covered by licenses like the GNU General Public License and the Apache License or other open source licenses. The terms of various open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that limits our use of the software, inhibits certain aspects of our platform and negatively affects our business operations. 
 Some open source licenses contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the type of open source software we use. If portions of our proprietary platform are determined to be subject to an open source license, or if the license terms for the open source software that we incorporate change, we could be required to publicly release the affected portions of our source code, re-engineer all or a portion of our platform or change our business activities. In addition to risks related to license requirements, the use of open source software can lead to greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of the software. Many of the risks associated with the use of open source software cannot be eliminated and could adversely affect our business. 
 Litigation, regulatory actions and compliance issues could subject us to significant fines, penalties, judgments, remediation costs, negative publicity, changes to our business model, and requirements resulting in increased expenses. 
 Our business is subject to increased risks of litigation and regulatory actions as a result of a number of factors and from various sources, including as a result of the highly regulated nature of the financial services industry and the focus of state and federal enforcement agencies on the financial services industry. 
 From time to time, we are also involved in, or the subject of, reviews, requests for information, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by state and federal governmental agencies and SROs, regarding our business activities and our qualifications to conduct our business in certain jurisdictions, which has in the past and could in the future subject us to significant fines, penalties, obligations to change our business practices and other requirements resulting in increased expenses and diminished earnings. Our involvement in any such matter also has in the past and could in the future cause significant harm to our reputation and divert management attention from the operation of our business, even if the matters are ultimately determined in our favor. Moreover, any settlement, or any consent order or adverse judgment in connection with any formal or informal proceeding or investigation by a government agency, may prompt litigation or additional investigations or proceedings as other litigants or other government agencies begin independent reviews of the same activities. See If we fail to comply with federal and state consumer protection laws, rules, regulations and guidance, our business could be adversely affected for a discussion of the FTC Consent Order. 

68 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 In addition, a number of participants in the financial services industry have been the subject of: putative class action lawsuits; state attorney general actions and other state regulatory actions; federal regulatory enforcement actions, including actions relating to alleged unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices; violations of state licensing and lending laws, including state usury laws; actions alleging discrimination on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender or other prohibited bases; and allegations of noncompliance with various state and federal laws and regulations relating to originating and servicing consumer finance loans. For example, we entered into a settlement agreement on April 18, 2022 related to a putative class action in which it was alleged that we engaged in unlawful lending discrimination through policies and practices by making applicants who are conditional permanent residents or DACA holders ineligible for loans or eligible only with a co-signer who is U.S. citizen or lawful permanent resident. We made an aggregate payment to the class and the class counsel in an immaterial amount. In addition, as a financial services company, errors in performing settlement functions, including clerical, technological and other errors related to the handling of funds and securities could lead to censures, fines or other sanctions imposed by applicable regulatory authorities as well as losses and liabilities in related lawsuits and proceedings brought by transaction counterparties and others. 
 The current regulatory environment, increased regulatory compliance efforts and enhanced regulatory enforcement have resulted in significant operational and compliance costs and may prevent us from providing certain products and services. There is no assurance that these regulatory matters or other factors will not, in the future, affect how we conduct our business and, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business. In particular, legal proceedings brought under state consumer protection statutes or under several of the various federal consumer financial services statutes may result in a separate fine for each violation of the statute, which, particularly in the case of class action lawsuits, could result in damages substantially in excess of the amounts we earned from the underlying activities. 
 In addition, from time to time, through our operational and compliance controls, we identify compliance and other issues that require us to make operational changes and, depending on the nature of the issue, result in financial remediation to impacted members. These self-identified issues and voluntary remediation payments could be significant, depending on the issue and the number of members impacted, and also could generate litigation or regulatory investigations that subject us to additional risk. See Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings . 
 Changes in tax law and differences in interpretation of tax laws and regulations may adversely impact our financial statements. 
 We operate in multiple jurisdictions and are subject to tax laws and regulations of the U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. governments. U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. tax laws and regulations are complex and subject to varying interpretations. U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. tax authorities may interpret tax laws and regulations differently than we do and challenge tax positions that we have taken. This may result in differences in the treatment of revenues, deductions, credits and/or differences in the timing of these items. The differences in treatment may result in payment of additional taxes, interest or penalties that could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Further, future changes to U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. tax laws and regulations could increase our tax obligations in jurisdictions where we do business or require us to change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our business. Proposals to reform U.S. and foreign tax laws could significantly impact how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings and could increase the U.S. corporate tax rate. Several of the proposals currently being considered, if enacted, could have an adverse impact on our future effective tax rate, income tax expense, and cash flows. Further, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the OECD ), an international association of 38 countries, including the U.S., has issued guidelines that change long-standing tax principles. These guidelines create tax uncertainty as countries amend their tax laws to adopt certain parts of the guidelines. 
 We will be adversely affected if we, or any of our subsidiaries, are determined to have been subject to registration as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 We are currently not deemed to be an investment company subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). No opinion or no-action position has been requested of the SEC on our status as an Investment Company. There is no guarantee we will continue to be exempt from registration under the Investment Company Act and were we to be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, and thus subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, the increased reporting and operating requirements could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
 In addition, if the SEC or a court of competent jurisdiction were to find that we are in violation of the Investment Company Act for having failed to register as an investment company thereunder, possible consequences include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) the SEC could apply to a district court to enjoin the violation; (ii) we could be sued by investors in us and in our securities for damages caused by the violation; and (iii) any contract to which we are a party that is made in, or 

69 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 whose performance involves a, violation of the Investment Company Act would be unenforceable by any party to the contract unless a court were to find that under the circumstances enforcement would produce a more equitable result than nonenforcement and would not be inconsistent with the purposes of the Investment Company Act. Should we be subjected to any or all of the foregoing, our business would be materially and adversely affected. 

Personnel and Business Continuity Risks 
 We rely on our management team and will require additional key personnel to grow our business, and the loss of key management members or key employees, or an inability to hire key personnel, could harm our business. 
 We believe our success has depended, and continues to depend, on the efforts and talents of our senior management, who have significant experience in the financial services and technology industries, are responsible for our core competencies and would be difficult to replace. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and skilled employees. Qualified individuals are usually in high demand even in an uncertain economy, and we may incur significant costs to attract and retain them. In addition, the loss of any of our senior management or key employees could materially adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan and strategy, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements on a timely basis, or at all, and our other employees may be required to take on additional responsibilities. Furthermore, many candidates evaluate year over year stock growth trends for a sense of the potential long-term value of their proposed stock awards, or have recently begun to discount the value of growth stocks on the whole. The volatility of the market price of our common stock could harm our ability to attract and retain talent. Our executive officers and other employees are at-will employees, which means they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time, and their knowledge of our business and industry would be extremely difficult to replace. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain the services of any members of our senior management or other key employees. If we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining and motivating existing employees, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 The job market and the optimization of our workforce creates a challenge and potential risk as we strive to attract and retain a highly skilled workforce. 
 Competition for certain of our employees, including highly skilled technology and product professionals responsible for the design, engineering and operation of systems, is competitive, which can present a risk as we compete for experienced candidates, especially if the competition is able to offer more attractive financial terms of employment. This risk extends to our current employee population. We also invest significant time and expense in engaging and developing our employees, which also increases their value to other companies that may seek to recruit them. Turnover can result in significant replacement costs and lost productivity. 
 In addition, from time to time, we implement organizational changes to pursue greater efficiency and realign our business and strategic priorities. For example, in the recent past, we laid off a relatively small number of employees even though we intend to continue to hire in other areas. As our organization continues to evolve, and we are required to implement and optimize our business and organizational structures, we may find it difficult to maintain the benefits of our corporate culture, including our ability to quickly develop and launch new and innovative products. This could negatively affect our business performance. See also We transitioned to a flexible-first workforce model, which could subject us to increased business continuity and cyber risks, as well as other operational challenges and risks that could significantly harm our business and operations for more information on the impact of a flexible workforce model on corporate culture and employee retention. 
 In addition, U.S. immigration policy has made it more difficult for qualified foreign nationals to obtain or maintain work visas under the H-1B classification. These H-1B visa limitations make it more difficult and/or more expensive for us to hire the skilled professionals we need to execute our growth strategy, especially engineering, data analytics and risk management personnel, and may adversely impact our business. 
 We transitioned to a flexible-first workforce model, which could subject us to increased business continuity and cyber risks, as well as other operational challenges and risks that could significantly harm our business and operations. 
 We offer most of our employees the choice of working full time in the office, a hybrid approach, or full-time remote. In 2023 we announced an increase in in-office collaboration for non-remote employees who are returning to the office for a specified number of days per month, varying by business team. This return to the office for non-remote employees is limited, and we expect many employees to continue to work remotely for a number of days per week. As a result, we expect to continue to be subject to the challenges and risks of having a remote workforce, as well as new challenges and risks from operating with a hybrid workforce. For example, our employees are accessing our servers remotely through home or other networks to perform their job responsibilities. Such security systems may be less secure than those used in our offices, which may subject us to 

70 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 increased security risks, including cybersecurity-related events, and expose us to risks of data or financial loss and associated disruptions to our business operations. Additionally, employees who access company data and systems remotely may not have access to technology that is as robust as that in our offices, which could place additional pressure on our user infrastructure and third parties that are not easily mitigated. These risks include home internet availability affecting work continuity and efficiency, and additional dependencies on third-party communication tools, such as instant messaging and online meeting platforms. We may also be exposed to risks associated with the locations of remote employees, including compliance with local laws and regulations or exposure to compromised internet infrastructure. Allowing our employees to work remotely may create intellectual property risk if employees create intellectual property on our behalf while residing in a jurisdiction with unenforced or uncertain intellectual property laws. Further, if employees fail to inform us of changes in their work location, we may be exposed to additional risks without our knowledge. While most of our operations can be performed remotely and we believe have operated effectively, there is no guarantee that this will continue or that we will continue to be as effective while operating a flexible-first workforce model because our team is dispersed. 
 Additionally, operating our business with both remote and in-person workers, or workers who work in flexible locations and on flexible schedules, could have a negative impact on our corporate culture, decrease the ability of our workforce to collaborate and communicate effectively, decrease innovation and productivity, or negatively affect workforce morale. If we are unable to manage the cybersecurity and other risks of a flexible-first workforce model, and maintain our corporate culture and workforce morale, our business could be harmed or otherwise adversely impacted. 
 Our business is subject to the risks of natural disasters, power outages, telecommunications failures and similar events, including public health crises, and to interruptions by human-made problems such as terrorism, cyberattacks, and other actions, which may impact the demand for our products or our members ability to repay their loans. 
 Events beyond our control may damage our ability to maintain our platform and provide services to our members. Such events include, but are not limited to, hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, floods and other natural disasters, public health crises, power or other outages, telecommunications failures and similar events. Despite any precautions we may take, system interruptions and delays could occur if there is a natural disaster, if a third-party provider closes a facility we use without adequate notice for financial or other reasons, or if there are other unanticipated problems at our leased facilities. Because we rely heavily on our servers, computer and communications systems and the Internet to conduct our business and provide high-quality service to our members, disruptions could harm our ability to effectively run our business. Moreover, our members and customers face similar risks, which could directly or indirectly impact our business. We currently use AWS and would be unable to switch instantly to another system in the event of failure to access AWS. This means that an outage of AWS could result in our system being unavailable for a significant period of time. Terrorism, cyberattacks and other criminal, tortious or unintentional actions could also give rise to significant disruptions to our operations. In addition, the long-term effects of climate change on the global economy and our industry in particular are unclear, however we recognize that there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted. For example, our offices may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change. We have large offices located in the San Francisco Bay Area and Salt Lake City, Utah, regions that are prone to events such as seismic activity and severe weather, that have experienced and may continue to experience, climate-related events and at an increasing rate. Examples include drought and water scarcity, warmer temperatures, wildfires and air quality impacts and power shut-offs associated with wildfire prevention. The increasing intensity of drought throughout California and Utah and annual periods of wildfire danger increase the probability of planned power outages. Although we maintain a disaster response plan and insurance, such events could disrupt our business, the business of our partners or third-party suppliers, and may cause us to experience losses and additional costs to maintain and resume operations. Our business interruption insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for losses that may result from interruptions in our service as a result of system failures or other disruptions. Comparable natural and other risks may reduce demand for our products or cause our members to suffer significant losses and/or incur significant disruption in their respective operations, which may affect their ability to satisfy their obligations towards us. All of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Employee misconduct, which can be difficult to detect and deter, could harm our reputation and subject us to significant legal liability. 
 We operate in an industry in which integrity and the confidence of our members is of critical importance. We are subject to risks of errors and misconduct by our employees that could adversely affect our business, including: 
 engaging in misrepresentation or fraudulent activities when marketing or performing online brokerage and other services to our members; 
 improperly using or disclosing confidential information of our members, technology platform clients, or other parties; 
 concealing unauthorized or unsuccessful activities; or 

71 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 otherwise not complying with applicable laws and regulations or our internal policies or procedures. 
 There have been numerous highly-publicized cases of fraud and other misconduct by financial services industry employees. The precautions that we take to detect and deter employee misconduct might not be effective. If any of our employees engage in illegal, improper, or suspicious activity or other misconduct, we could suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial condition, member relationships, and our ability to attract new members. We also could become subject to regulatory sanctions and significant legal liability, which could cause serious harm to our financial condition, reputation, member relationships and prospects of attracting additional members. 

Risk Management and Financial Reporting Risks 
 If we fail to establish and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the trading price of our common stock may decline. 
 Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, a report by management on internal control over financial reporting and an attestation of our independent registered public accounting firm are required. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for our annual reports on Form 10-K. This assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm must also attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our annual reports on Form 10-K. We are required to disclose changes made in our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis. Failure to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC, the applicable stock exchange or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. 
 The annual internal control assessment required by Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley has diverted, and may in the future divert, internal resources and we have and may experience higher operating expenses, higher independent auditor and consulting fees in the future. To comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the requirements of being a reporting company under the Exchange Act and any new or revised accounting rules in the future, as necessary, we have, and may in the future further, work to upgrade SoFi s legacy information technology systems; implement additional financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures; and hire additional accounting and finance staff. If we are unable to hire the additional accounting and finance staff necessary to comply with these requirements, we may need to retain additional outside consultants. In addition, our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of poor design and changes in our business. For example, our continuing growth and expansion in globally dispersed markets, such as our acquisition of Technisys, has placed and may in the future place significant additional pressure on our system of internal control over financial reporting, as acquisition targets may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We do not conduct a formal evaluation of companies internal control over financial reporting prior to an acquisition. We may be required to hire additional staff and incur substantial costs to implement the necessary new internal controls at companies we acquire. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could adversely affect the results of assessments by our independent registered public accounting firm and their attestation reports. If we or, if required, our independent registered public accounting firm, are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could negatively impact the price of our securities. 
 As a result of any material weakness, restatement, change in accounting, or other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we may face potential litigation or other disputes, which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the restatement and material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements. We can provide no assurance that litigation or disputes will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute related to our financial statements or internal controls, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We cannot assure you that there will not be additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting now or in the future. For example, as the accounting acquirer in the Business Combination, we inherited a material weakness from SCH related to the treatment of warrants issued by special acquisition companies which required SCH to restate its previously issued audited financial statements as of December 31, 2020. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could cause us to fail to timely detect errors and severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is 

72 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines that we have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 We adjust our total number of members in the event a member is removed in accordance with our terms of service, and our total member count in any one period may not yet reflect such adjustments. 
 We adjust our total number of members in the event a member is removed in accordance with our terms of service. This could occur for a variety of reasons including fraud or pursuant to certain legal processes or if a member requests that we close their account in accordance with our terms of service and, as our terms of service evolve together with our business practices, product offerings and applicable regulations, additional grounds for removing members from our total member count could occur. The determination that a member should be removed in accordance with our terms of service is subject to an evaluation process, following the completion, and based on the results, of which, relevant members and their associated products are removed from our total member count. However, depending on the length of the evaluation process, that removal may not take place in the same period in which the member was added to our member count or the same period in which the circumstances leading to their removal occurred. For this reason, our total member count in any one period may not yet reflect such adjustments. In any given period, we estimate that up to 10 of our members may be under evaluation for removal in accordance with our terms of service; however, we cannot assure you that this percentage in any period will not be more significant and have an adverse impact on our stock price or results of operations. 
 Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the SEC and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results, and could affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of a change. 
 Our management has limited experience in operating a public company. 
 We have incurred and will continue to incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management intends to continue to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, as well as rules adopted, and to be adopted, by the SEC and Nasdaq. Our management and other personnel devote and we expect will continue to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Furthermore, new rules and regulations or changes to existing rules and regulations in the future may increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly, which would increase our net loss for the foreseeable future. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors, its board committees or as executive officers. 
 Our executive officers have limited experience in dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies, which may increase the amount of their time devoted to these activities and result in less time being devoted to the management and growth of the business. We continue to evaluate whether we have adequate personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience and training in the accounting policies, practices or internal control over financial reporting required of public companies. We have in the past and may in the future expand our employee base and hire additional employees to support our operations as a public company, which has caused and may in the future cause our operating costs to increase. See If we fail to establish and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the trading price of our common stock may decline . 
 As a result of our business combination with a special purpose acquisition company, regulatory obligations may impact us differently than other publicly traded companies. 
 We became a publicly traded company by completing a transaction with SCH, a SPAC. As a result of this transaction, regulatory obligations have, and may continue, to impact us differently than other publicly traded companies. For instance, the SEC and other regulatory agencies may issue additional guidance or apply further regulatory scrutiny to companies like us that have completed a business combination with a SPAC. Managing this regulatory environment, which has and may continue to 

73 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 evolve, could divert management s attention from the operation of our business, negatively impact our ability to raise additional capital when needed or have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 Our risk management processes and procedures may not be effective. 
 Our risk management processes and procedures seek to appropriately balance risk and return and mitigate risks. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor and control the types of risk to which we are subject, including interest rate risk, credit risk, deposit risk, market risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk, liquidity risk, strategic risk, operational risk, cybersecurity risk, and reputational risk. Credit risk is the risk of loss that arises when a loan obligor fails to meet the terms of a loan repayment obligation, the loan enters default, and if uncured results in financial loss of remaining principal and interest to the loan purchaser. Our exposure to credit risk mainly arises from our lending activities, including SoFi Credit Card. Deposit risk refers to accelerated availability of depositor funds, prior to settlement, risk of ACH returns or merchant settlements, and transactional limits that may be applied to deposit accounts. Market risk is the risk of loss due to changes in external market factors, such as interest rates, asset prices, and foreign exchange rates. Foreign currency exchange rate risk is the risk that our financial position or results of operations could be positively or negatively impacted by fluctuations in exchange rates. We may in the future be subject to increasing foreign currency exchange rate risk with our acquisition of Technisys, a foreign company, and we continue to pursue a diversified durable growth strategy with expansion via new products and geographies. Liquidity risk is the risk that financial condition or overall safety and soundness are adversely affected by an inability, or perceived inability, to meet obligations (e.g., current and future cash flow needs) and support business growth. We actively monitor our liquidity position at the broker-dealer and SoFi Bank. Strategic risk is the risk from changes in the business environment, ineffective business strategies, improper implementation of decisions or inadequate responsiveness to changes in the business and competitive environment. 
 Operational risk is the risk of loss arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, controls, people (e.g., human error or misconduct) or systems e.g. , technology problems), business continuity or external events (e.g., natural disasters), compliance, reputational, regulatory, or legal matters and includes those risks as they relate directly to us, fraud losses attributed to applications and any associated fines and monetary penalties as a result, transaction processing, or employees, as well as to third parties with whom we contract or otherwise do business. We believe operational risk is one of the most prevalent forms of risk in our risk profile. We strive to manage operational risk by establishing policies and procedures to accomplish timely and efficient processing, obtaining periodic internal control attestations from management, conducting internal process Risk Control Self-Assessments and audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. Our operational risk, and the amount we invest in risk management, may increase as we introduce new products and product features, and as new threat actors and evolving threat vectors, such as account takeover tactics, increase and become more sophisticated. In order to be effective, among other things, our enterprise risk management capabilities must adapt and align to support any new product or loan features, capability, strategic development, or external change. 
 Cybersecurity risk is the risk of a malicious technological attack intended to impact the confidentiality, availability, or integrity of our systems and data, including, but not limited to, sensitive client data. Our technology and cybersecurity teams rely on a layered system of preventive and detective technologies, controls, and policies to detect, mitigate, and contain cybersecurity threats. In addition, our cybersecurity team, and the third-party consultants they engage, regularly assess our cybersecurity risks and mitigation efforts. Cyberattacks can also result in financial and reputational risk. 
 Reputational risk is the risk arising from possible negative perceptions of us, whether true or not, among our current and prospective members, clients, counterparties, employees, and regulators. The potential for either enhancing or damaging our reputation is inherent in almost all aspects of business activity. We attempt to manage this risk through our commitment to a set of core values that emphasize and reward high standards of ethical behavior, maintaining a culture of compliance, and by being responsive to member and regulatory requirements. 
 Risk, including, but not limited to, the risks outlined above, is inherent in our business, and therefore, despite our efforts to manage risk, there can be no assurance that we will not sustain unexpected losses. We could incur substantial losses and our business operations could be disrupted to the extent our business model, operational processes, control functions, technological capabilities, risk analyses, and business/product knowledge do not adequately identify and manage potential risks associated with our strategic initiatives. There also may be risks that exist, or that develop in the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated, including when processes are changed or new products and services are introduced. If our risk management framework does not effectively identify and control our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses or be otherwise adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

74 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Incorrect estimates or assumptions by management in connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements or forecasts could adversely affect our reported or forecasted assets, liabilities, income, revenues or expenses. 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make critical accounting estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income, revenues or expenses during the reporting periods. Incorrect estimates and assumptions by management could adversely affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income, revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. If we make incorrect assumptions or estimates, our reported financial results may be over- or understated, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, operating results are difficult to forecast because they generally depend on a number of factors, including the competition we face, and our ability to attract and retain members and enterprise partnerships, and macroeconomic risks, while generating sustained revenues through the Financial Services Productivity Loop. Additionally, our business may be affected by reductions in consumer borrowing, spending and investing, consumer deposits or investment by technology platform clients from time to time as a result of a number of factors, including the state of the overall economy, which may be difficult to predict. This may result in decreased revenue levels, and we may be unable to adopt measures in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected shortfall in income. This inability could cause our operating results in a given quarter to be higher or lower than expected. These factors make creating accurate forecasts and budgets challenging and, as a result, we may fall materially short of our forecasts and expectations, which could cause our stock price to decline and investors to lose confidence in us. 
 We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business and future operating results, which could cause our stock price to decline. 
 From time to time, we release earnings guidance in our quarterly and annual earnings conference calls, quarterly and annual earnings releases, or otherwise, regarding our future performance that represents our management s estimates as of the date of release. On January 29, 2024, we provided guidance for the first quarter and full year 2024, as well as through 2026 and beyond. This guidance includes forward-looking statements based on projections prepared by our management. Projections are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that are based on information known when they are issued, and, while presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies relating to our business, many of which are beyond our control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions, some of which will change. 
 Guidance is necessarily speculative in nature, and some or all of the assumptions underlying the guidance furnished by us may not materialize or may vary significantly from actual outcomes. Accordingly, our guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of release. Actual results may vary from our guidance and the variations may be material. In light of the foregoing, investors are urged not to rely upon our guidance in making an investment decision regarding our common stock. 

Information Technology and Data Risks 
 Cyberattacks and other security breaches could have an adverse effect on our business, harm our reputation and expose us to liability and adversely affect our ability to collect payments and maintain accurate accounts. Efforts to prevent and respond to these attacks and breaches are costly. 
 In the normal course of business, we collect, process and retain non-public and confidential information regarding our members, prospective members, technology platform clients and the customers of our technology platform clients. We also have arrangements in place with certain third-party service providers that require us to share consumer information. 
 We likely will not be able to anticipate or prevent all security breaches even if we have implemented the required preventive measures, in which case there would be an increased risk of fraud or identity theft, and we have in the past and may in the future experience losses on, or delays in the collection of amounts owed. Although we devote significant resources and management focus to work to ensure the integrity of our systems through information/cybersecurity and business continuity programs, our facilities and systems, and those of third-party service providers, have been and will likely continue to be targeted by external or internal threats, security breaches, acts of vandalism, including other intentional acts by employees or third-party service providers that we are unable to predict and protect against or that compromise our security systems, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors, and other similar events. In addition, the digital nature of our platform may make it lucrative for hacking and potentially vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions. 

75 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 We and third-party service providers have experienced such attempts in the past and expect to continue to experience them in the future. Security breaches could occur from outside our company, and also from the actions of persons inside our company who may have authorized or unauthorized access to our technology systems, despite the required investment in security controls. We also face security threats from malicious threat actors that could obtain unauthorized access to our systems and networks, which threats we anticipate will continue to grow in scope and complexity over time. In addition, security threats may increase as a result of geopolitical events, such as in connection with the war between Israel and Hamas, and the ongoing war in Ukraine. These events could interrupt our business or operations, result in significant legal and financial exposure, supervisory liability, damage to our reputation and a loss of confidence in the security of our systems, products and services. Although the impact to date from these events has not had a material adverse effect on us, no assurance is given that this will continue to be the case in the future. 
 Cybersecurity risks in the financial services industry have increased, in part because of new technologies, the use of the Internet and telecommunications technologies (including mobile devices) to conduct financial and other business transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized criminals, perpetrators of fraud, hackers, terrorists and others. In addition to cyberattacks and other security breaches involving the theft of non-public and confidential information, hackers have engaged in attacks that are designed to disrupt key business services, such as consumer-facing websites. We may not be able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches, especially because the techniques used change frequently and because attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. We employ detection and response mechanisms designed to contain and mitigate security incidents, but there are no assurances that these mechanisms will be effective and early detection efforts may be thwarted by sophisticated attacks and malware designed to avoid detection. Despite our investments in detection strategy and a 24/7/365 security operations center, we also may fail to detect the existence of a security breach related to the information of our members. 
 Cybersecurity risks have also subjected us to additional regulation. For example, in July 2023, the SEC proposed new rules and amendments to address certain conflicts of interest associated with the use of predictive data analytics by broker-dealers and investment advisers in investor interactions. If adopted, the proposed rules would require broker-dealers and investment advisers to evaluate and determine whether their use of certain technologies in investor interactions such as analytical, technological or computational functions, algorithms, models, correlation matrices or similar methods or processes that direct or optimize for investment related behavior, involves a conflict of interest that results in the broker-dealer or investment adviser s interests being placed ahead of investors interests. To the extent we determined there were conflicts of interest, we would be required to eliminate, or neutralize the effect of, any such conflicts. The proposed rules would also require us to have written policies and procedures reasonably designed to achieve compliance with the proposed rules and to make and keep books and records related to these requirements. 
 The access by unauthorized persons to, or the improper disclosure by us of, confidential information regarding our members, prospective members, technology platform clients and the customers of our technology platform clients, or our proprietary information, software, methodologies and business secrets could interrupt our business or operations, result in significant legal and financial exposure, supervisory liability, damage to our reputation or a loss of confidence in the security of our systems, products and services, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our business. Because each loan that we originate involves, in part, our proprietary automated underwriting process, any failure of our computer systems involving our automated underwriting process and any technical or other errors contained in the software pertaining to our automated underwriting process could compromise our ability to accurately evaluate potential members, which could negatively impact our results of operations. Furthermore, any failure of our computer systems could cause an interruption in operations and result in disruptions in, or reductions in the amount of, collections from the loans we make to our members. Additionally, if hackers were able to access our secure files, they might be able to gain access to the personal information of our members, prospective members, technology platform clients and the customers of our technology platform clients. If we are unable to prevent such activity, we may be subject to significant liability, negative publicity and a material loss of members or technology platform clients, all of which may negatively affect our business. In addition, there have in the past been a number of well-publicized attacks or breaches affecting companies in the financial services industry that have heightened concern by consumers, which could also intensify regulatory focus, cause users to lose trust in the security of the industry in general and result in reduced use of our services and increased costs, all of which could also have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 The collection, processing, use, storage, sharing and transmission of personal data could give rise to liabilities as a result of federal, state and international laws and regulations, as well as our failure to adhere to the privacy and data security practices that we articulate to our members. 
 We collect, process, store, use, share and/or transmit a large volume of personal information and other non-public data from current, past and prospective members. There are federal, state, and foreign laws regarding privacy, data security and the collection, use, storage, protection, sharing and/or transmission of personal information and non-public data. Additionally, 

76 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 many states continue to enact legislation on matters of privacy, information security, cybersecurity, data breach and data breach notification requirements. For example, as of January 1, 2020, the CCPA granted additional consumer rights with respect to data privacy in California. The CCPA was amended by a California ballot initiative, the CPRA, in November 2020. The CCPA amendments, including expanded rights for consumers and obligations for businesses, went into effect on January 1, 2023. The CCPA, among other things, entitles California residents to know how their personal information is being collected and shared, to access or request the deletion of their personal information and to opt out of the sharing of their personal information. The amended CCPA also created a new state agency, the CPPA, and vested it with full administrative power, authority and jurisdiction to implement and enforce the CCPA. Generally, personal information that we process is subject to GLBA and thereby exempt from CCPA coverage. However, the CCPA regulates other personal information that we collect and process in connection with the business. While we have made modifications to our data collection and processing practices and policies to comply with the CCPA and CPRA, we cannot predict their impact on our business, operations or financial condition. The effects of the CCPA and the CPRA are potentially significant and may require us to further modify our data collection or processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply and increase our potential exposure to regulatory enforcement and/or litigation. Additionally, our broker-dealer and investment adviser are subject to SEC Regulation S-P, which requires that these businesses maintain policies and procedures addressing the protection of customer information and records. This includes protecting against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of customer records and information and against unauthorized access to or use of customer records or information. Regulation S-P also requires these businesses to provide initial and annual privacy notices to customers describing information sharing policies and informing customers of their rights. In March 2023, the SEC proposed multiple rules related to privacy and cybersecurity. Proposed amendments to Regulation S-P would, among other things: (i) require covered institutions (including broker-dealers and investment advisers) to adopt written policies and procedures for an incident response program to address unauthorized access to or use of customer information; and (ii) require covered institutions to have written policies and procedures to provide timely notification to affected individuals whose sensitive customer information was or is reasonably likely to have been accessed or used without authorization. The SEC reopened the comment period for the Investment Management Cybersecurity Release which proposed new rules that would require registered investment advisers and investment companies to adopt and implement written cybersecurity policies and procedures reasonably designed to address cybersecurity risks, disclose information about cybersecurity risks and incidents, report information confidentially to the SEC about certain cybersecurity incidents, and maintain related records. 
 Outside the United States, an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards apply to data privacy and security. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR), the United Kingdom s GDPR (UK GDPR), various Latin American (LATAM) privacy laws such as Brazil s Lei Geral de Prote o de Dados Pessoais (LGPD) and Argentina s Ley de Protecci n de los Datos Personales (PDPA) impose strict requirements for the processing of personal data of individuals located, respectively, within the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK) and LATAM region. For example, under the EU GDPR, government regulators may impose temporary or definitive bans on data processing, as well as fines of up to 20 million Euros or 4 of the annual global revenue of the company, whichever is greater; or private litigation related to processing of personal data brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent their interests. Certain jurisdictions, such as the EU, Switzerland, the UK and LATAM have enacted cross-border personal data transfers laws regulating personal data flows to third countries. For example, absent appropriate safeguards or other circumstances, the EU GDPR generally restricts the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the EEA, such as the United States, which the European Commission does not consider to provide an adequate level of personal data protection. The European Commission released a set of Standard Contractual Clauses that are designed to be a valid mechanism by which entities can transfer personal data out of the EEA to jurisdictions that the European Commission has not found to provide an adequate level of protection. Currently, these Standard Contractual clauses are a valid mechanism to transfer personal data outside of the EEA. The Standard Contractual Clauses, however, require parties that rely upon that legal mechanism to comply with additional obligations such as conducting transfer impact assessments to determine whether additional security measures are necessary to protect the at-issue personal data. In addition, laws in Switzerland, the UK and LATAM similarly restrict personal data transfers outside of those jurisdictions to countries such as the United States of America that do not provide an adequate level of personal data protection. In addition to European restrictions on cross-border personal data transfers, other jurisdictions have enacted or are considering similar cross-border personal data transfer laws and local personal data residency laws, any of which could increase the cost and complexity of doing business. If we cannot implement a valid compliance mechanism for cross-border personal data transfers, we may face increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines, and injunctions against processing or transferring personal data from Europe or elsewhere. Inability to import personal data to the United States may significantly and negatively impact our business operations, including by limiting our ability to collaborate with parties subject to European and other data protection laws or requiring us to increase our personal data processing capabilities in Europe and/or elsewhere at significant expense. 

77 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Any violations of these laws and regulations may require us to change our business practices or operational structure, including limiting our activities in certain states and/or jurisdictions, address legal claims, and sustain monetary penalties, reputational damage and/or other harms to our business. Further, in certain cases we rely on the data processing, privacy, data protection and cybersecurity practices of our third-party service providers, including with regard to maintaining the confidentiality, security and integrity of data. If we fail to manage our third-party service providers or their relevant practices, or if they fail to meet any requirements with regard to data processing, privacy, data protection or cybersecurity required by applicable legal or contractual obligations that we face (including any applicable requirements of our clients), we may be liable in certain cases. Legal obligations relating to privacy, cybersecurity and data protection may require us to manage our third-party service providers and their practices and to enter into agreements with them in certain cases. We may face difficulties in binding our third-party service providers to these agreements and otherwise managing their relevant practices, which may subject us to claims, proceedings, and liabilities. 
 Furthermore, our online privacy policy and website make certain statements regarding our privacy, information security, and data security practices with regard to information collected from our members. Failure to adhere to such practices may result in regulatory scrutiny and investigation (including the potential for fines and monetary penalties), complaints by affected members, reputational damage and other harm to our business. If either we, or the third-party service providers with which we share member data, are unable to address privacy concerns, even if unfounded, or to comply with applicable laws and regulations, it could result in additional costs and liability, damage our reputation, and harm our business. 
 Disruptions in the operation of our computer systems and third-party data centers and service providers could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Our ability to deliver products and services to our members and clients, and otherwise operate our business and comply with applicable laws, depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer systems and third-party data centers, as well as third-party service providers. Our computer systems and third-party providers may encounter service interruptions at any time due to system or software failure or errors, employee misconfiguration of resources or misdirected communications, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, health pandemics, terrorist attacks, cyberattacks or other events. For example, in September 2023, the SoFi Invest platform experienced a service interruption that resulted in some of our members being unable to view certain of their account information and unable to buy and sell securities and other financial products on our platform for a period of time. Any such events, including persistent interruptions or perceptions of such interruptions whether true or not, in our products and services could cause members to believe that our products and services are unreliable, leading them to switch to our competitors or to otherwise avoid our products and services, and otherwise have a negative effect on our business and technology infrastructure (including our computer network systems), which could lead to member dissatisfaction or long-term disruption of our operations. Additionally, our insurance policies might be insufficient to cover a claim made against us by any such members affected by any disruptions, outages, or other performance or infrastructure problems. 
 Additionally, our reliance on third-party providers may mean that we will not be able to resolve operational problems internally or on a timely basis, as our operations will depend upon such third-party service providers communicating appropriately and responding swiftly to their own service disruptions through industry standard best practices in business continuity and/or disaster recovery. As a last resort, we may rely on our ability to replace a third-party service provider if it experiences difficulties that interrupt operations for a prolonged period of time or if an essential third-party service terminates. If these service arrangements are terminated for any reason without an immediately available substitute arrangement, our operations may be severely interrupted or delayed. If such interruption or delay were to continue for a substantial period of time, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The implementation of technology changes and upgrades to maintain current and integrate new systems may cause service interruptions, transaction processing errors or system conversion delays and may cause us to fail to comply with applicable laws, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have made and expect to continue to make substantial and increasing investments in observability , or the monitoring of our systems, but limitations or failures in those systems may exacerbate other problems by preventing us from anticipating or quickly detecting issues. In addition, our ability to monitor third party services and service providers is limited, and so our ability to anticipate, detect, and remediate anomalies in those services is also more limited when compared to our internal systems monitoring. 
 Although our current use of artificial intelligence and machine learning is limited, our systems and those of our partners are increasingly reliant on artificial intelligence machine learning systems, which are complex and may have errors or inadequacies that are not easily detectable. These systems may inadvertently reduce the efficiency of our systems, or may cause unintentional or unexpected outputs that are incorrect, do not match our business goals, do not comply with our policies, or otherwise are inconsistent with our brands, guiding principles and mission. Errors or breakdowns in our machine learning 

78 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 systems could also result in damage to our reputation, loss of members, loss of revenue or liability for damages, any of which could adversely affect our growth prospects and our business. 
 We expect that new technologies and business processes applicable to the financial services industry will continue to emerge and that these new technologies and business processes may be better than those we currently use. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully adopt new technology as critical systems and applications become obsolete and better ones become available. A failure to maintain and/or improve current technology and business processes could cause disruptions in our operations or cause our solution to be less competitive, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 The price of our common stock has fluctuated and may be volatile in the future. 
 The price of our common stock has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate due to a variety of factors, including: 
 changes in the industry in which we operate, including public perception of such industry; 
 developments involving our competitors; 
 changes in laws and regulations affecting our business, or changes in policies with respect to student loan forgiveness; 
 changes in interest rates and inflation; 
 variations in our operating performance and the performance of our competitors in general; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; 
 publication of research reports by securities analysts about us or our competitors or our industry; 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC or any changes in our reputation; 
 actions by stockholders; 
 additions and departures of key personnel; 
 commencement of, or involvement in, litigation or regulatory enforcement investigations involving our company; 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt, including in connection with acquisitions; 
 any reverse stock split of our outstanding shares of common stock, which may increase the price of our common stock; 
 volatility in capital markets and changes in the volume of shares of our common stock available for public sale; and 
 general economic and political conditions, such as the effects of recessions, interest rates, inflation, consumer confidence and spending, public perception of the financial services industry, availability of loans and liquidity in the capital markets, local and national elections, corruption, political instability and acts of war or terrorism, including the war between Israel and Hamas, and the ongoing war in Ukraine. 
 These market and industry factors, as well as others, may materially reduce the market price of our common stock regardless of our operating performance. 
 We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 
 We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to finance the further development and expansion of our business and do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends on our common stock will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on obtaining regulatory approvals, if required, our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained in future agreements and financing instruments, business prospects and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. 
 If analysts publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that analysts publish about our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, as they have done in the past, the price of our common stock would likely decline. If few analysts cover us, demand for our common stock could decrease and our common stock price 

79 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 and trading volume may decline. Similar results may occur if one or more of these analysts stop covering us in the future or fail to publish reports on us regularly. In addition, analysts may establish and publish their own periodic projections for us. These projections may vary widely and may not accurately predict the results we actually achieve. Our share price may decline if our actual results do not match the projections of these research analysts. In addition, if the market for technology stocks or financial services stocks or the broader stock market experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 
 Future resales of our common stock may cause the market price of our securities to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur, have in the past and could in the future depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. Sales of a substantial number of shares, or the perception that such sales may occur, could have a material and adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. Sales of a substantial number of shares of common stock in the public market could occur at any time. We have filed with the SEC, and the SEC has declared effective, a registration statement covering shares of our common stock issued in connection with the Agreement, including shares issued to the Third Party PIPE Investors, among others, to facilitate such sales and we have filed a registration statement on Form S-3 which allows us to sell securities from time to time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline or increase the volatility in the market price of our common stock. 
 Our warrants are exercisable for shares of common stock, which could increase the number of shares eligible for future resale in the public market and result in dilution to our stockholders. 
 In December 2021, we completed the redemption of outstanding warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock that were issued under the Warrant Agreement, dated October 8, 2020. There are 12,170,990 Series H warrants issued in connection with the Series 1 and Series H preferred stock issuances in December 2019 that remain outstanding and were previously converted into SoFi Technologies common stock warrants. To the extent such warrants are exercised, additional shares of common stock will be issued, which will result in dilution to the holders of our common stock and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial numbers of such shares in the public market or the fact that such warrants may be exercised could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Our issuance of additional capital stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our stock incentive plans or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders. 
 Our issuance of additional capital stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our stock incentive plans or otherwise will dilute our stockholders. We expect to issue additional capital stock in the future that will result in dilution to all other stockholders. We expect to continue granting equity awards to employees, directors, and consultants under our stock incentive plans. We may also raise capital through equity financings in the future. As part of our business strategy, we may acquire or make investments in complementary companies, products, or technologies and issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition or investment. Any such issuances of additional capital stock may cause stockholders to experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the per share value of our common stock to decline. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. 
 If Nasdaq delists our shares of common stock from trading on its exchange for failure to meet Nasdaq s listing standards, we and our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 
 a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 
 reduced liquidity for our securities; 
 a determination that our common stock is a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

80 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 
 a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 Delaware law and our organizational documents contain certain provisions, including anti-takeover provisions that limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. 
 The General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL and our organizational documents contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, and therefore depress the trading price of our common stock. Additionally, these provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to take certain actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the current members of our Board of Directors or taking other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. Among other things, our organizational documents include provisions regarding: 
 the ability of our Board of Directors to issue shares of preferred stock, including blank check preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 
 the prohibition of cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 
 limitations on the liability of our directors, and the indemnification of our directors and officers; 
 the ability of our Board of Directors to amend our bylaws, which may allow our Board of Directors to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend our bylaws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; and 
 advance notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to our Board of Directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which could preclude stockholders from bringing matters before annual or special meetings of stockholders and delay changes in our Board of Directors and also may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 
 These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in the Board of Directors or management of our company. 
 The provisions of our bylaws requiring exclusive forum in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States for certain types of lawsuits may have the effect of discouraging certain lawsuits, including derivative lawsuits and lawsuits against our directors and officers, by limiting plaintiffs ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable. 
 Our bylaws provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that such court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for any state law claims for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim for or based on a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our bylaws or Certificate of Incorporation (as either may be amended from time to time), (iv) any action asserting a claim related to or involving our company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, and (v) any action asserting an internal corporate claim as that term is defined in Section 115 of the DGCL (the Delaware Forum Provision ). The Delaware Forum Provision, however, does not apply to actions or claims arising under the Exchange Act. Our bylaws also provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternate forum, the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, will be the United States Federal District Courts (the Federal Forum Provision ). Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder; our stockholders cannot and will not be deemed to have waived compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 The Delaware Forum Provision and the Federal Forum Provision in our bylaws may impose additional litigation costs on stockholders in pursuing any such claims and may also impose additional litigation costs on stockholders who assert that 

81 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 either such provision is not enforceable or invalid. Additionally, these forum selection clauses may limit our stockholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage the filing of lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees, even though an action, if successful, might benefit our stockholders. In addition, while the Delaware Supreme Court and other states courts have upheld the validity of federal forum selection provisions purporting to require claims under the Securities Act be brought in federal court, there is still some uncertainty as to whether other courts will enforce our Federal Forum Provision. If the Federal Forum Provision is found to be unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters. The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States may reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to us than our stockholders. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 Cyber Risk Management and Strategy 
 At SoFi, we recognize the importance of information security practices designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of company information and the personal information that our customers share with us. Using guidance set forth in our Enterprise Risk Management program, we have implemented a cybersecurity risk management program to lead and support the management of information security risks in accordance with our risk profile and business strategy, which is informed by recognized industry standards and frameworks, such as International Organization for Standardization 27002:2013. For additional guidance, we also refer to the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework, Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council information security guidelines, and Center of Internet Security controls. 
 Our cybersecurity risk management program includes a number of components, designed to identify, analyze, and respond to cybersecurity risks, including reliance on a layered system of preventative and detective technologies, controls, and policies designed to detect, mitigate, and contain cybersecurity threats. Information security program risk assessments and third party attestations and assessments are conducted periodically by both internal and external resources. We leverage qualified third-party security assessors to identify vulnerabilities through both internal and external penetration tests and perform internal cybersecurity maturity assessments. In addition, our internal audit team conducts an information security and information technology audit on an annual basis. We are also subject to examinations by applicable regulators. We conduct cybersecurity awareness training for personnel upon hire and on a periodic basis thereafter, which includes phishing training campaigns. 
 As part of our cybersecurity risk management program, SoFi maintains a formal Third-Party Security Risk Management program that provides oversight of cybersecurity risks related to supplier relationships. During supplier onboarding, we perform risk-based due diligence for suppliers with access to confidential SoFi information or that require technical integration with SoFi systems. This program includes the provision of a cybersecurity risk assessment to these suppliers during onboarding as well as ongoing monitoring, assessment, and contract review. 
 We have not identified any cybersecurity incidents or threats that have materially affected us or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. For more information on risks to us from cybersecurity threats, see Cyberattacks and other security breaches could have an adverse effect on our business, harm our reputation and expose us to liability and adversely affect our ability to collect payments and maintain accurate accounts. Efforts to prevent and respond to these attacks and breaches are costly in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Information Technology and Data Risks . 
 Governance Related to Cybersecurity Risks 
 The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for risk oversight and has delegated oversight of our cybersecurity program to the Risk Committee, which is comprised of a minimum of three Board members. The Risk Committee is responsible for the information technology and cybersecurity function at the Company. Relevant duties include, but are not limited to, annually reviewing the cybersecurity program roadmap and materials related to significant planned projects and budgeted costs and approving the cybersecurity program. The Risk Committee meets at least four times each year and discusses cybersecurity risk management as relevant and applicable. 
 Our CISO has primary responsibility for assessing and managing our cybersecurity program. The CISO has served in this role at SoFi for three years and has over twenty years of experience working in senior leadership positions in the 

82 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 cybersecurity industry. He previously served as the CISO at leading software and data analytics companies and co-founded a cybersecurity company. The CISO provides cybersecurity updates, including risks and threats to the Risk Committee as appropriate, on a quarterly basis. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We primarily operate through a network of leased properties, including largely office spaces, which are primarily located in the United States. We believe our existing facilities are adequate to meet our current business requirements, particularly as we now offer our employees the choice of working full time in the office, a hybrid approach, or full-time remote. We expect that will be able to find suitable space to accommodate any potential future expansion. Our properties total approximately 430,000 square feet, with the most significant properties and the reportable segments that primarily utilize those properties as follows: 
 Location 
 Approximate Square Footage 
 Segments (1) 
 California (San Francisco HQ, Sacramento) 111,000 L, TP, FS Utah (Cottonwood Heights, Sandy) 92,000 L, TP, FS North Carolina (Charlotte) 43,000 L Florida (Jacksonville) 37,000 L, FS Delaware (Claymont) 28,000 L, FS Montana (Helena) 20,000 L Uruguay (Montevideo) 14,000 TP New York (New York City) 13,000 L, FS Texas (Frisco) 13,000 L Argentina (Buenos Aires) 12,000 TP Washington (Seattle) 10,000 L, FS Kansas (Overland Park) 10,000 L 
 ___________________ 
 (1) Segment references include: L = Lending, TP = Technology Platform, and FS = Financial Services. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 The information required by Item 103 of Regulation S-K is included in Note 18. Commitments, Guarantees, Concentrations and Contingencies to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information and Holders of Record 
 On June 1, 2021, our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol SOFI . Prior to that time, there was no public market for our stock. As of February 15, 2024, there were 482 holders of record of our common stock, which does not include persons whose stock is held in nominee or street name accounts through brokers, banks and intermediaries. As many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The equity compensation plan information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K will be set forth in the definitive Proxy Statement for the Company's annual meeting of stockholders, which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our 2023 fiscal year, and is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, refer to 

83 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Note 16. Share-Based Compensation to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. for additional information on our equity compensation plans. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock compared to the cumulative total returns of the Nasdaq Composite index and the S P Financial index. The graph tracks the performance of a 100 investment in our common stock and in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends, as applicable) from June 1, 2021 (the date our common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market) to December 31, 2023. 
 
 June 1, 2021 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2023 SoFi 100.00 70.42 20.35 43.93 Nasdaq Composite 100.00 114.30 77.11 111.54 S P Financial 100.00 103.57 92.66 103.92 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 On December 6, 2023, we issued a total of 9,490,000 shares of common stock to repurchase and settle 88.0 million aggregate principal amount of convertible notes pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act. This issuance was to a limited number of holders of our convertible notes, and exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act because such issuance did not involve a public offering. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We did not have any purchases of our equity securities during the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Dividends 
 We have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our common stock. The terms of our Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock provide for the payment of semiannual dividends on the 30th day of June and 31st day of December of each year. Other than with respect to our Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock, we currently do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Item 6. Reserved 

84 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information that management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. You should read this discussion and analysis in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain amounts may not foot or tie to other disclosures due to rounding. Certain information in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those described under the sections entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors . We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

Business Overview 
 We are a member-centric, one-stop shop for financial services that allows members to borrow, save, spend, invest and protect their money. We refer to our customers as members , as defined under Key Business Metrics . Our mission is to help our members achieve financial independence in order to realize their ambitions. We were founded in 2011 and have developed a suite of financial products that offers the speed, selection, content and convenience that only an integrated digital platform can provide. Everything we do today is geared toward helping our members Get Your Money Right and we strive to innovate and build ways for our members to achieve this goal. 
 In order to help achieve our mission, we offer personal loans, student loans, home loans and related servicing, as well as senior secured loans. We also offer a variety of financial services products, such as SoFi Money checking and savings, SoFi Credit Card, SoFi Invest, and SoFi Relay, that provide more daily interactions with our members, and we offer products and capabilities, such as SoFi At Work, that are designed to appeal to enterprises. We continued to expand our platform capabilities for enterprises through: (i) our acquisition of Galileo in 2020, which provides technology platform services to financial and non-financial institutions and which has allowed us to vertically integrate across more of our financial services, and (ii) the Technisys Merger in the first quarter of 2022, through which we expanded our technology platform services to include a cloud-native, customizable, extensible core technology as well as access to a broader international market. We believe that these expansions will deepen our participation in the entire technology ecosystem powering digital financial services. 
 See Item 1. Business Our Reportable Segments for a discussion of our segments and their corresponding products. The discussion below focuses on the ways in which our key products and services within each reportable segment generate revenues and/or incur expenses for the Company. 
 Business Highlights 
 We achieved strong results for our company for the year ended December 31, 2023, including record total net revenue of 2.1 billion, representing an increase of 35 over total net revenue in 2022. Record revenue at the company level was driven by record net revenue across all three of our business segments. We realized strong momentum in member and product growth and cross-buy adds, reflecting the benefits of our broad product suite and Financial Services Productivity Loop strategy. We added approximately 2.3 million new members during 2023, with over 7.5 million total members as of December 31, 2023, a 44 year over year increase. We also added approximately 3.2 million new products, with over 11.1 million total products as of December 31, 2023, a 41 year over year increase. 
 Lending segment contribution profit of 823.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, at a margin of 60 , increased 24 over 2022, which had a contribution margin of 58 . Total net revenue of 1.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased 20 over 2022. Additionally, average net interest margin of 5.88 in 2023 increased 48 basis points compared to 5.40 in 2022. Growth in net interest income was driven by an increase in both average interest-earning assets and average yields, partially offset by an increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. Origination volume increased 34 year over year, primarily driven by demand for personal loans and despite continued macroeconomic headwinds in the student and home loan businesses. Student loans saw some increasing demand in the third quarter of 2023 ahead of the resumption of principal and interest payments on federally-held student loans, and we expect that we may continue to see modest growth in student loan refinancing. Our acquisition of Wyndham in the second quarter of 2023 provided increased capacity and capabilities for our home loans product, which contributed to a notable year over year increase in home loans, and which we expect to continue to provide benefits, while we expect overall home loans growth could be correlated with rate movements in 2024. 

85 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Technology Platform segment contribution profit of 94.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased 24 over 2022, and total net revenue of 352.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased 12 over 2022. Growth was driven by continued strong organic growth of existing partners and new product adoption, as well as notable contributions from increasingly diversified clients which have launched within the second half of 2023. Margin improvements were driven primarily by Galileo account growth and decreases in directly attributable expenses, as we begin to realize the benefits of earlier investments made to support Technology Platform product development and the integration of Galileo and Technisys. The year over year comparison was also impacted by a partial period of contribution from Technisys in 2022 compared to a full period of contribution in 2023. We continue to make significant strides in our strategy of leveraging our unique product suite to pursue diversified growth and expansion via new products and geographies, in addition to larger, more durable revenue opportunities. We expect growth in segment revenue to continue to accelerate in 2024, as we are well positioned to capture opportunities from traditional financial institutions and nonfinancial categories. 
 Within Financial Services, contribution loss of 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 significantly improved compared to a contribution loss of 199.4 million in 2022, and reflected positive contribution profit during the third and fourth quarters of 2023. Total net revenue of 436.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased 160 over 2022. We achieved continued strong growth in deposits, ending the year with 18.6 billion of deposits as of December 31, 2023, allowing us to maintain diversified sources of funding and driving an increase in net interest income earned on our deposits. In addition, we grew total Financial Services products by 45 year over year. We continue to realize scale in our marketing spend and improvement in operating leverage in the segment. We expect to continue to scale our products through increased brand awareness and network effects, and continue to improve contribution profit in the segment. 
 The strength of our results underscores our belief that our suite of differentiated products and services provides the foundation for a diversified business that can endure through market cycles as well as exogenous factors. For instance, our access to multiple channels of funding, including deposit and loan warehouse funding, provides an advantage via increased optionality in sourcing liquidity through different environments and periods of capital markets volatility, as well as increases our flexibility to capture additional net interest margin and optimize returns, which typically provides more stable earnings in any macroeconomic environment but is particularly important during times of excess macroeconomic volatility. 
 During 2023, we continued to have strong deposit contribution from direct deposit members with a high quality median FICO score. We expect that our funding mix will continue to move towards deposit funding, which has a lower borrowing cost of funds than our warehouse and securitization financing model. We also provided our members with access to expanded FDIC insurance coverage through a network of participating banks in our Insured Deposit Program, further enhancing our benefits offering to our members. Our total capital ratio, as calculated under applicable regulatory capital rules, was 15.3 as of December 31, 2023. See Note 21. Regulatory Capital to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Lending Segment 
 Net interest income, which we define as the difference between the earned interest income and interest expense to finance loans, is a key component of the profitability of our Lending segment. We implemented an FTP framework to attribute net interest income to our business segments based on their usage and/or provision of funding, under which Lending segment net interest income represents the difference between interest income earned on our loans and an FTP charge for the segment s use of funds to originate loans, which can fluctuate based on changes in interest rates, funding curves, the composition of our balance sheet and the availability of capital. See Note 20. Business Segment and Geographic Information to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the FTP framework. 
 Technology Platform Segment 
 We earn technology products and solutions fees for providing an integrated platform as a service for financial and non-financial institutions. Many of our Technology Platform segment contracts are multi-year contracts. In certain of our contracts, we provide for a variety of integrated platform services, which vary by client and are either non-cancellable or cancellable with a substantive payment. Pricing structures under these contracts are typically volume-based, or a combination of activity and volume-based, and payment terms are predominantly monthly in arrears. Many of these contracts contain minimum monthly payments, which may result in credits if we do not meet the agreed upon monthly service levels. We also earn subscription and service fees for providing software licenses and associated services, including implementation, maintenance and subsequent development work. We charge a recurring subscription fee for the software license and related maintenance services. Other software-related services are billed on a periodic basis as the services are provided. Certain arrangements for software and related services contain a provision for a fixed upfront payment. 

86 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Financial Services Segment 
 We earn revenues in connection with our Financial Services segment primarily in the following ways: 
 Net interest income: Net interest income is a key component of the profitability of our Financial Services segment as it relates primarily to our SoFi Money and credit card products. Net interest income on SoFi Money is based on interest income determined using our FTP framework, net of interest expense based on the interest rate offered to our members on their deposits. Net interest income on credit card is based on the contractual interest included in credit card agreements, net of interest expense as determined using the FTP framework. See Note 20. Business Segment and Geographic Information to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the FTP framework. 
 Referral fees: Through strategic partnerships, we earn a specified referral fee in connection with referral activity we facilitate through our platform. Referral fees are paid to us by third-party partners that offer services to end users who do not use one of our product offerings, but who were referred to the partners through our platform. We also earn referral fulfillment fees for providing pre-qualified borrower referrals to a third-party partner who separately contracts with a loan originator. Our referral fee is calculated as either a fixed price per successful referral or a percentage of the transaction volume between the enterprise partners and referred consumers. 
 Interchange fees: We earn interchange fees from our SoFi-branded debit cards and credit cards. These fees are remitted by merchants and represent a percentage of the underlying transaction value processed through a payment network. We engage a card association and enter into contracts that establish the shared economics of SoFi-branded transaction cards. 
 Brokerage fees: We earn brokerage fees primarily from our share lending and payment for order flow arrangements related to our SoFi Invest product, in which we benefit through a negotiated multi-year revenue sharing arrangement, since our members' brokerage activity drives the share lending and payment for order flow volume. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Our management and Board of Directors use adjusted net revenue and adjusted EBITDA, which are non-GAAP financial measures, to evaluate our operating performance, formulate business plans, help better assess our overall liquidity position and make strategic decisions, including those relating to operating expenses and the allocation of internal resources. Accordingly, we believe that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and Board of Directors . 
 Adjusted Net Revenue 
 Adjusted net revenue is defined as total net revenue, adjusted to exclude the fair value changes in servicing rights and residual interests classified as debt due to valuation inputs and assumptions changes, which relate only to our Lending segment, as well as gains and losses on extinguishment of debt. We adjust total net revenue to exclude these items, as they are non-cash charges that are not realized during the period, and therefore positive or negative changes do not impact the cash available to fund our operations. This measure helps provide our management with an understanding of the net revenue available to finance our operations and helps management better decide on the proper expenses to authorize for each of our operating segments, to ultimately help achieve target contribution profit margins. Therefore, the measure of adjusted net revenue serves as both the starting point for how we think about the liquidity generated from our operations and also the starting point for our annual financial planning, the latter of which focuses on the cash we expect to generate from our operating segments to help fund the current year s strategic objectives. Adjusted net revenue has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, the analysis of other GAAP financial measures, such as total net revenue. The primary limitation of adjusted net revenue is its lack of comparability to other companies that do not utilize this measure or that use a similar measure that is defined in a different manner. 

87 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Total Net Revenue and Adjusted Net Revenue In Thousands 
 
 The following table reconciles adjusted net revenue to total net revenue, the most directly comparable GAAP measure: 
 Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Total net revenue 2,122,789 1,573,535 984,872 Servicing rights change in valuation inputs or assumptions (1) 
 (34,700) (39,651) 2,651 Residual interests classified as debt change in valuation inputs or assumptions (2) 
 425 6,608 22,802 Gain on extinguishment of debt (3) 
 (14,574) Adjusted net revenue 2,073,940 1,540,492 1,010,325 
 __________________ 
 (1) Reflects changes in fair value inputs and assumptions on servicing rights, including conditional prepayment, default rates and discount rates. These assumptions are highly sensitive to market interest rate changes and are not indicative of our performance or results of operations. Moreover, these non-cash charges are unrealized during the period and, therefore, have no impact on our cash flows from operations. As such, these positive and negative changes are adjusted out of total net revenue to provide management and financial users with better visibility into the net revenue available to finance our operations and our overall performance. 
 (2) Reflects changes in fair value inputs and assumptions on residual interests classified as debt, including conditional prepayment, default rates and discount rates. When third parties finance our consolidated securitization VIEs by purchasing residual interests, we receive proceeds at the time of the closing of the securitization and, thereafter, pass along contractual cash flows to the residual interest owner. These residual debt obligations are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, but they have no impact on our initial financing proceeds, our future obligations to the residual interest owner (because future residual interest claims are limited to contractual securitization collateral cash flows), or the general operations of our business. As such, these positive and negative non-cash changes in fair value attributable to assumption changes are adjusted out of total net revenue to provide management and financial users with better visibility into the net revenue available to finance our operations. 
 (3) Reflects gain on extinguishment of debt. Gains and losses are recognized during the period of extinguishment for the difference between the net carrying amount of debt extinguished and the fair value of equity securities issued. These non-cash charges are not indicative of our core operating performance, and as such are adjusted out of total net revenue to provide management and financial users with better visibility into the net revenue available to finance our operations and our overall performance. 
 The following table reconciles adjusted net revenue to total net revenue, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for the quarterly periods presented: 
 Quarter Ended in thousands) December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 June 30, 2023 March 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 Total net revenue 615,404 537,209 498,018 472,158 456,679 423,985 362,527 330,344 Servicing rights change in valuation inputs or assumptions (1) 
 (6,595) (7,420) (8,601) (12,084) (12,791) (6,182) (9,098) (11,580) Residual interests classified as debt change in valuation inputs or assumptions (2) 
 10 928 (602) 89 (470) 1,453 2,662 2,963 Gain on extinguishment of debt (3) 
 (14,574) Adjusted net revenue 
 594,245 530,717 488,815 460,163 443,418 419,256 356,091 321,727 

88 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 __________________ 
 (1) See footnote (1) to the table above. 
 (2) See footnote (2) to the table above. 
 (3) See footnote (3) to the table above. 
 The following table reconciles adjusted net revenue for the Lending segment to total net revenue, the most directly comparable GAAP measure for the Lending segment: 
 Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Total net revenue Lending 
 1,370,621 1,139,991 738,323 Servicing rights change in valuation inputs or assumptions (1) 
 (34,700) (39,651) 2,651 Residual interests classified as debt change in valuation inputs or assumptions (2) 
 425 6,608 22,802 Adjusted net revenue Lending 
 1,336,346 1,106,948 763,776 __________________ 
 (1) See footnote (1) to the table above. 
 (2) See footnote (2) to the table above. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss), adjusted to exclude, as applicable: (i) corporate borrowing-based interest expense (our adjusted EBITDA measure is not adjusted for warehouse or securitization-based interest expense, nor deposit interest expense and finance lease liability interest expense, as these are direct operating expenses), (ii) income tax expense (benefit), (iii) depreciation and amortization, (iv) share-based expense (inclusive of equity-based payments to non-employees), (v) restructuring charges (vi) impairment expense (inclusive of goodwill impairment and property, equipment and software abandonments), (vii) transaction-related expenses, (viii) foreign currency impacts related to operations in highly inflationary countries, (ix) fair value changes in warrant liabilities, (x) fair value changes in each of servicing rights and residual interests classified as debt due to valuation assumptions, (xi) gain on extinguishment of debt, and (xii) other charges, as appropriate, that are not expected to recur and are not indicative of our core operating performance. We believe adjusted EBITDA provides a useful measure to investors for period-over-period comparisons of our business, as it removes the effects of certain non-cash items and certain charges that are not indicative of our core operating performance or results of operations. It is also a measure that management relies upon to evaluate cash flows generated from operations, and therefore the extent of additional capital, if any, required to invest in strategic initiatives. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, the analysis of other GAAP financial measures, such as net income (loss). Some of the limitations of adjusted EBITDA include that it does not reflect the impact of working capital requirements or capital expenditures and it is not a universally consistent calculation among companies in our industry, which limits its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 Net Loss and Adjusted EBITDA In Thousands 

89 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 The following table reconciles adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the most directly comparable GAAP measure: 
 Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Net loss (300,742) (320,407) (483,937) Non-GAAP adjustments: 
 Interest expense corporate borrowings (1) 
 36,833 18,438 10,345 Income tax (benefit) expense (2) 
 (416) 1,686 2,760 Depreciation and amortization (3) 
 201,416 151,360 101,568 Share-based expense 271,216 305,994 239,371 Restructuring charges (4) 
 12,749 Impairment expense (5) 
 248,417 Foreign currency impact of highly inflationary subsidiaries (6) 
 10,971 Transaction-related expense (7) 
 142 19,318 27,333 Fair value changes in warrant liabilities (8) 
 107,328 Servicing rights change in valuation inputs or assumptions (9) 
 (34,700) (39,651) 2,651 Residual interests classified as debt change in valuation inputs or assumptions (10) 
 425 6,608 22,802 Gain on extinguishment of debt (11) 
 (14,574) Total adjustments 732,479 463,753 514,158 Adjusted EBITDA 
 431,737 143,346 30,221 
 ___________________ 
 (1) Our adjusted EBITDA measure adjusts for corporate borrowing-based interest expense, as these expenses are a function of our capital structure. Corporate borrowing-based interest expense includes interest on our revolving credit facility and the amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs on our convertible notes, and for 2021, interest on the seller note issued in connection with our acquisition of Galileo. Revolving credit facility interest expense in 2023 and 2022 increased due to higher interest rates relative to the prior years on identical outstanding debt. 
 (2) Income taxes in 2023 were primarily attributable to income tax benefits from foreign losses in jurisdictions with net deferred tax liabilities related to Technisys, offset by income tax expense associated with the profitability of SoFi Bank in state jurisdictions where separate filings are required, as well as federal taxes where our tax credits and loss carryforwards may be limited. Income taxes in 2022 were primarily attributable to tax expense at SoFi Lending Corp and SoFi Bank due to profitability in state jurisdictions where separate filings are required and recognition of expense from Technisys in certain Latin American countries where separate returns are filed. The expense was partially offset by deferred tax benefits from the amortization of intangible assets acquired in the Technisys Merger. Income taxes in 2021 were primarily attributable to the profitability of SoFi Lending Corp. profitability in state jurisdictions where separate filings are required. See Note 17. Income Taxes to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 (3) Depreciation and amortization expense in 2023 increased compared to 2022 primarily in connection with acquisitions and growth in our internally-developed software balance. The increase in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily in connection with acquisitions and growth in our software balance, partially offset by the acceleration of core banking infrastructure amortization during the 2021 period. 
 (4) Restructuring charges in 2023 primarily included employee-related wages, benefits and severance associated with a small reduction in headcount in our Technology Platform segment in the first quarter of 2023 and expenses in the fourth quarter of 2023 related to a reduction in headcount across the Company, which do not reflect expected future operating expenses and are not indicative of our core operating performance. 
 (5) Impairment expense in 2023 includes 247,174 related to goodwill impairment, and 1,243 related to a sublease arrangement, which are not indicative of our core operating performance. 
 (6) Foreign currency charges reflect the impacts of highly inflationary accounting for our operations in Argentina, which are related to our Technology Platform segment and commenced in the first quarter of 2022 with the Technisys Merger. For the year ended December 31, 2023, all amounts were reflected in the fourth quarter, as inter-quarter amounts were determined to be immaterial. Amounts in 2022 were determined to be immaterial. 
 (7) Transaction-related expenses in 2023 and 2022 primarily included financial advisory and professional services costs associated with our acquisitions of Wyndham and Technisys, respectively. Transaction-related expenses in 2021 included the special payment to the holders of Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock in conjunction with the Business Combination and financial advisory and professional costs associated with our then-pending acquisitions of Golden Pacific and Technisys. 
 (8) Our adjusted EBITDA measure excludes the non-cash fair value changes in warrants accounted for as liabilities, which were measured at fair value through earnings. The amount in 2021 related to changes in the fair value of Series H warrants issued by Social Finance in connection with certain redeemable preferred stock issuances. We did not measure the Series H warrants at fair value subsequent to May 28, 2021 in conjunction with the Business Combination, as they were reclassified into permanent equity. In addition, in conjunction with the Business Combination, SoFi Technologies assumed certain common stock warrants SoFi Technologies warrants that were accounted for as liabilities and measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The fair value of the SoFi Technologies warrants was based on the closing price of ticker SOFIW and, therefore, fluctuated based on market activity. The outstanding SoFi Technologies warrants were either exercised during the fourth quarter of 2021 or redeemed on December 6, 2021. 
 (9) Reflects changes in fair value inputs and assumptions, including market servicing costs, conditional prepayment, default rates and discount rates. This non-cash change is unrealized during the period and, therefore, has no impact on our cash flows from operations. As such, these positive and negative changes in fair value attributable to assumption changes are adjusted out of net loss to provide management and financial users with better visibility into the earnings available to finance our operations. 

90 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 (10) Reflects changes in fair value inputs and assumptions, including conditional prepayment, default rates and discount rates. When third parties finance our consolidated VIEs through purchasing residual interests, we receive proceeds at the time of the securitization close and, thereafter, pass along contractual cash flows to the residual interest owner. These obligations are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, which has no impact on our initial financing proceeds, our future obligations to the residual interest owner (because future residual interest claims are limited to contractual securitization collateral cash flows), or the general operations of our business. As such, these positive and negative non-cash changes in fair value attributable to assumption changes are adjusted out of net loss to provide management and financial users with better visibility into the earnings available to finance our operations. 
 (11) Reflects gain on extinguishment of debt. Gains and losses are recognized during the period of extinguishment for the difference between the net carrying amount of debt extinguished and the fair value of equity securities issued. These non-cash charges are not indicative of our core operating performance, and as such are adjusted out of total net revenue to provide management and financial users with better visibility into the net revenue available to finance our operations and our overall performance. 
 The following table reconciles adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for the quarterly periods presented: 
 Quarter Ended in thousands) December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 June 30, 2023 March 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 Net loss 47,913 (266,684) (47,549) (34,422) (40,006) (74,209) (95,835) (110,357) Non-GAAP adjustments: Interest expense corporate borrowings 9,882 9,784 9,167 8,000 7,069 5,270 3,450 2,649 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 3,245 (244) (1,780) (1,637) 1,057 (242) 119 752 Depreciation and amortization 53,449 52,516 50,130 45,321 42,353 40,253 38,056 30,698 Share-based expense 69,107 62,005 75,878 64,226 70,976 77,855 80,142 77,021 Restructuring charges 7,796 4,953 Impairment expense 247,174 1,243 Foreign currency impact of highly inflationary subsidiaries 
 10,971 Transaction-related expense (34) 176 1,872 100 808 16,538 Servicing rights change in valuation inputs or assumptions (6,595) (7,420) (8,601) (12,084) (12,791) (6,182) (9,098) (11,580) Residual interests classified as debt change in valuation inputs or assumptions 10 928 (602) 89 (470) 1,453 2,662 2,963 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 (14,574) Total adjustments 133,291 364,709 124,368 110,111 110,066 118,507 116,139 119,041 Adjusted EBITDA 181,204 98,025 76,819 75,689 70,060 44,298 20,304 8,684 

Key Business Metrics 
 The table below presents the key business metrics that management uses to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends and make strategic decisions: 
 December 31, 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 2023 2022 2021 # Change Change # Change Change Members 7,541,860 5,222,533 3,460,298 2,319,327 44 1,762,235 51 Total Products 11,142,476 7,894,636 5,173,197 3,247,840 41 2,721,439 53 Total Products Lending segment 1,663,006 1,340,597 1,078,952 322,409 24 261,645 24 Total Products Financial Services segment 9,479,470 6,554,039 4,094,245 2,925,431 45 2,459,794 60 Total Accounts Technology Platform segment 145,425,391 130,704,351 99,660,657 14,721,040 11 31,043,694 31 
 
 See Summary Results by Segment for additional metrics we review at the segment level. 
 Members 
 We refer to our customers as members . We define a member as someone who has a lending relationship with us through origination and/or ongoing servicing, opened a financial services account, linked an external account to our platform or signed up for our credit score monitoring service. Our members have continuous access to our CFPs, our career advice services, our member events, our content, educational material, news, and our tools and calculators, which are provided at no cost to the member. Additionally, our mobile app and website have a member home feed that is personalized and delivers content to a 

91 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 member about what they must do that day in their financial life, what they should consider doing that day in their financial life, and what they can do that day in their financial life. 
 Once someone becomes a member, they are always considered a member unless they violate our terms of service. We adjust our total number of members in the event a member is removed in accordance with our terms of service. This could occur for a variety of reasons including fraud or pursuant to certain legal processes and, as our terms of service evolve together with our business practices, product offerings and applicable regulations, our grounds for removing members from our total member count could change. The determination that a member should be removed in accordance with our terms of service is subject to an evaluation process, following the completion, and based on the results, of which, relevant members and their associated products are removed from our total member count in the period in which such evaluation process concludes. However, depending on the length of the evaluation process, that removal may not take place in the same period in which the member was added to our member count or the same period in which the circumstances leading to their removal occurred. For this reason, our total member count may not yet reflect adjustments that may be made once ongoing evaluation processes, if any, conclude. 
 We view members as an indication not only of the size and a measurement of growth of our business, but also as a measure of the significant value of the data we have collected over time. The data we collect from our members helps us to, among other things: (i) assess loan life performance data on each loan in our ecosystem, which can inform risk-based interest rates that we can offer our members, (ii) understand our members spending behavior to identify and suggest other products we offer that may align with the members financial needs, and (iii) enhance our opportunities to sell additional products to our members, as our members represent a vital source of marketing opportunities. When we provide additional products to members, it helps improve our unit economics per member, as we save on marketing costs that we would otherwise incur to attract new members. It also increases the lifetime value of an individual member. This in turn enhances our Financial Services Productivity Loop. Member growth is generally an indicator of future revenue, but is not directly correlated with revenues, since not all members who sign up for one of our products fully utilize or continue to use our products, and not all of our products (such as our complimentary product, SoFi Relay) provide direct sources of revenue. 
 Since our inception through December 31, 2023, we have served approximately 7.5 million members who have used approximately 11.1 million products on the SoFi platform. 
 Members In Thousands 
 
 Total Products 
 Total products refers to the aggregate number of lending and financial services products that our members have selected on our platform since our inception through the reporting date, whether or not the members are still registered for such products. Total products is a primary indicator of the size and reach of our Lending and Financial Services segments. Management relies on total products metrics to understand the effectiveness of our member acquisition efforts and to gauge the propensity for members to use more than one product. 
 In our Lending segment, total products refers to the number of personal loans, student loans and home loans that have been originated through our platform through the reporting date, whether or not such loans have been paid off. If a member has multiple loan products of the same loan product type, such as two personal loans, that is counted as a single product. However, 

92 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 if a member has multiple loan products across loan product types, such as one personal loan and one home loan, that is counted as two products. 
 In our Financial Services segment, total products refers to the number of SoFi Money accounts (inclusive of checking and savings accounts held at SoFi Bank and cash management accounts), SoFi Invest accounts, SoFi Credit Card accounts (including accounts with a zero dollar balance at the reporting date), referred loans (which are originated by a third-party partner to which we provide pre-qualified borrower referrals), SoFi At Work accounts and SoFi Relay accounts (with either credit score monitoring enabled or external linked accounts) that have been opened through our platform through the reporting date. Checking and savings accounts are considered one account within our total products metric. Our SoFi Invest service is composed of three products: active investing accounts, robo-advisory accounts and digital assets accounts. Our members can select any one or combination of the types of SoFi Invest products. See Note 1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards for additional information on the transfer of the crypto services. If a member has multiple SoFi Invest products of the same account type, such as two active investing accounts, that is counted as a single product. However, if a member has multiple SoFi Invest products across account types, such as one active investing account and one robo-advisory account, those separate account types are considered separate products. In the event a member is removed in accordance with our terms of service, as discussed under Members above, the member s associated products are also removed. 
 Products In Thousands 
 
 Total lending products were composed of the following: 
 December 31, 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 Lending Products 2023 2022 2021 Variance Change 
 Variance Change 
 Personal loans 1,113,864 837,462 610,348 276,402 33 227,114 37 Student loans 519,489 477,132 445,569 42,357 9 31,563 7 Home loans 29,653 26,003 23,035 3,650 14 2,968 13 Total lending products 
 1,663,006 1,340,597 1,078,952 322,409 24 261,645 24 
 Total financial services products were composed of the following: 
 December 31, 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 Financial Services Products 2023 2022 2021 Variance Change 
 Variance Change 
 Money (1) 
 3,374,310 2,195,402 1,436,955 1,178,908 54 758,447 53 Invest 2,380,641 2,158,864 1,595,143 221,777 10 563,721 35 Credit Card 245,385 171,425 91,216 73,960 43 80,209 88 Referred loans (2) 
 55,231 40,980 7,659 14,251 35 33,321 435 Relay 3,336,868 1,921,986 930,181 1,414,882 74 991,805 107 At Work 87,035 65,382 33,091 21,653 33 32,291 98 Total financial services products 
 9,479,470 6,554,039 4,094,245 2,925,431 45 2,459,794 60 

93 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 __________________ 
 (1) Includes checking and savings accounts held at SoFi Bank, and cash management accounts. 
 (2) Limited to loans wherein we provide third party fulfillment services. 
 Technology Platform Total Accounts 
 In our Technology Platform segment, total accounts refers to the number of open accounts at Galileo as of the reporting date. We include intercompany accounts on the Galileo platform as a service in our total accounts metric to better align with the Technology Platform segment revenue reported in Note 20. Business Segment and Geographic Information to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which includes intercompany revenue. Intercompany revenue is eliminated in consolidation. Total accounts is a primary indicator of the accounts dependent upon our technology platform to use virtual card products, virtual wallets, make peer-to-peer and bank-to-bank transfers, receive early paychecks, separate savings from spending balances, make debit transactions and rely upon real-time authorizations, all of which result in revenues for the Technology Platform segment. We do not measure total accounts for the Technisys products and solutions, as the revenue model is not primarily dependent upon being a fully integrated, stand-ready service. 
 Technology Platform Accounts (1)(2) 
 In Millions 

___________________ 
 (1) We include SoFi accounts on the Galileo platform as a service in Technology Platform total accounts to better align with the presentation of Technology Platform segment total net revenue. 
 (2) In 2023, Technology Platform total accounts reflects the previously disclosed migration by one of our clients of the majority of its processing volumes to a pure processor. These accounts remained open for administrative purposes through the end of 2022, and were included in our total accounts in such period. 
 
 December 31, 
 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 
 2023 2022 2021 Change Change Total accounts 145,425,391 130,704,351 99,660,657 11 31 

Key Factors Affecting Operating Results 
 Our future operating results and cash flows are dependent upon a number of opportunities, challenges and other factors, including our loan origination volume, financial services products and member activity on our platform, growth in technology platform clients, competition and industry trends, general economic conditions and our ability to optimize our national bank charter. 
 Origination Volum e 
 Our Lending segment is our largest segment, comprising 65 , 72 and 75 of total net revenue during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We are dependent upon the addition of new members and new activity from existing members within our Lending segment to generate origination volume, which we believe is a contributor to Lending segment net revenue. We believe we have a high-quality loan portfolio, as indicated by our Lending segment weighted average origination FICO score of 749 during the year ended December 31, 2023. See Industry Trends and General Economic Conditions for the impact of specific economic factors on origination volume. 

94 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Member Growth and Activity 
 We have invested heavily in our platform and are dependent on continued member growth, as well as our ability to generate additional revenues from our existing members using additional products and services. Member growth and activity is critical to our ability to increase our scale and earn a return on our technology and product investments. Growth in members and member activity will depend heavily on our ability to continue to offer attractive products and services at sustainable costs and our continued member acquisition and marketing efforts. 
 Product Growth 
 Our aim is to develop and offer a best-in-class integrated financial services platform with products that meet the broad objectives of our members and the lifecycle of their financial needs. We have invested, and continue to invest, heavily in the development, improvement and marketing of our suite of lending and financial services products and are dependent on continued growth in the number of products selected by our members, as well as our ability to build trust and reliability between our members and our platform to reinforce the effects of the Financial Services Productivity Loop. In order to deliver on our strategy, we aim to foster positive member experiences designed to lead to more product adoption by existing members, leading to enhanced profitability for each additional product by lowering overall member acquisition costs. 
 Galileo Account Growth 
 Galileo primarily provides technology platform services to financial and non-financial institutions, which enabled us to diversify our business from a primarily consumer-based business to also serve enterprises that rely upon Galileo s integrated platform as a service to serve their clients. We are dependent on growth in the number of accounts at Galileo, which is an indication of the amount of users that are dependent upon the technology platform for a variety of products and services, including virtual card products, virtual wallets, peer-to-peer and bank-to-bank transfers, early paychecks and relying on real-time authorizations, all of which generate revenue for Galileo. 
 SoFi Bank 
 A key element of our long-term strategy has been to secure a national bank charter. In February 2022, we closed the Bank Merger and began operating Golden Pacific Bank as SoFi Bank. In connection with operating a national bank, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur additional costs primarily associated with headcount, technology infrastructure, governance, compliance and risk management, marketing, and other general and administrative expenses. 
 See Part I, Item 1. Company Overview SoFi Bank for a discussion of the key expected financial benefits to us of operating a national bank. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors for discussion of certain potential risks related to being a bank holding company. 
 Industry Trends and General Economic Conditions 
 Our results of operations have historically been relatively resilient to economic downturns but in the future may be impacted by the relative strength of the overall economy and its effect on unemployment, asset markets and consumer spending. As general economic conditions improve or deteriorate, the amount of consumer disposable income tends to fluctuate, which in turn impacts consumer spending levels and the willingness of consumers to take out loans to finance purchases or invest in financial assets. Specific economic factors, such as interest rate levels, changes in monetary and related policies, unemployment rates, market volatility, consumer confidence and changing expectations for inflation and deflation, also influence consumer spending, saving, investing and borrowing patterns. 
 The Federal Reserve increased the benchmark interest rate throughout 2022 and several times in 2023, largely in response to high inflation, low unemployment and strong consumer demand, while balancing macroeconomic risks, such as increased market volatility. We have continued to see strong demand for our deposits as a result of our competitive interest rate offering and access to expanded FDIC insurance coverage through a network of participating banks in our Insured Deposit Program. However, rising interest rates have unfavorably impacted, and could continue to unfavorably impact, demand for refinancing loan products. Economic and market volatility may continue to occur and could worsen, including if there is additional turmoil in the banking and financial services sectors, which could adversely impact our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. These market developments have negatively impacted customer confidence in the safety and soundness of certain banks. As a result, although we have not observed a decline in our overall deposits to date, our members may choose to maintain deposits with other financial institutions or spread their deposit funds among multiple financial institutions. In addition, if the Federal Reserve does not effectively curb inflation or interest rates further rise unexpectedly or too quickly or macroeconomic conditions deteriorate or do not improve, it could have a negative impact on the overall economy and result in increased unemployment, which could adversely impact our results of operations. In 2023, we saw a continuation 

95 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 from 2022 of elevated credit spreads across capital markets and changes in consumer credit. Our increased personal loan annualized charge-off rate year over year was reflective of our expectation of credit metrics to revert over time to more normalized levels, but remains healthy, while our higher credit card annualized charge-off rate was reflective of our maturing portfolio. Negative changes to macroeconomic conditions may result in decreased demand for our products, increased operating costs and negatively impact our results of operations. 
 Fair Value of Loans 
 We measure our personal loans, student loans and home loans at fair value. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we transferred home loans out of Level 3 and into Level 2 due to an update to pricing sources utilized by third-party valuation specialists, as part of the integration of Wyndham. Other loans do not trade in an active market with readily observable prices and are classified as Level 3. 
 Our fair value adjustments on loans impact our consolidated results of operations and include adjustments related to loans originated during the period, loans held at the balance sheet date, as well as gains (losses) on loans sold or repurchased during the period. Fair value adjustments made in each reporting period are impacted by factors such as, among others, interest rates, weighted average coupon, credit spreads, actual and estimated losses, prepayment speeds, duration and previous loan sale execution on similar loans. In determining our fair value assumptions, we incorporate recent data impacting the capital markets, as well as factors specific to us. Changes in these factors, either positive or negative, can have a material impact on our results of operations. 
 The following table summarizes the significant inputs to the fair value model for personal and student loans: 
 Personal Loans Student Loans December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Weighted average coupon rate (1) 
 13.8 13.8 5.6 5.3 Weighted average annual default rate 4.8 4.6 0.6 0.5 Weighted average conditional prepayment rate 23.2 20.3 10.5 10.5 Weighted average discount rate 5.5 6.6 4.3 4.8 ___________________ 
 (1) Represents the average coupon rate on loans held on balance sheet, weighted by unpaid principal balance outstanding at the balance sheet date. 
 As of the fourth quarter of 2023 relative to the third quarter of 2023, we observed the following trends: 
 The weighted average coupon rates on personal loans and student loans increased by 4 bps and 24 bps, respectively, which reflects rate increases passed on to borrowers related to benchmark interest rates increases during the fourth quarter. 
 The weighted average discount rates on personal loans and student loans decreased by 103 bps and 57, respectively, as of December 31, 2023 compared to September 30, 2023. For personal loans, our discount rate assumptions decreased in the fourth quarter due to benchmark rates declining by 90 bps, as well as spreads tightening by 13 bps. For student loans, our discount rate assumptions decreased in the fourth quarter due to benchmark rates declining by 86 bps, as well as spreads widening by 29 bps. Spread changes are indicated by asset-backed security and secondary bond markets. 
 Annualized net charge-off rates on personal loans and student loans in the fourth quarter of 2023 were 3.98 and 0.59 , respectively, which remained lower than the assumed weighted average default rates in our fair value model of 4.76 and 0.61 , respectively. Our fair value assumption for annual default rate incorporates fair value markdowns on loans beginning when they are 10 days or more delinquent, with additional markdowns at 30 days, 60 days and 90 days past due. For instance, personal loans are marked down on average 70 when the loans are 30 days past due. 
 The combination of these and other factors resulted in fair value gains recognized on our personal loans and student loans portfolios during the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Student Loan Relief 
 In June 2023, Congress passed the Fiscal Responsibility Act of 2023 which, among other things, ended the suspension of principal and interest payments on federally-held student loans pursuant to the CARES Act passed in 2020, which became effective 60 days after June 30, 2023, as well as prohibits the Secretary of Education from implementing any extension of any 

96 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 executive action or rule pursuant thereto. Additionally, in August 2022, President Biden announced relief measures for federal student loan borrowers, including forgiveness of 10,000 of student loans (or up to 20,000 if student loans are Pell Grants) for anyone earning less than 125,000 annually and certain changes to income-driven repayment plans for student loans (the Biden Forgiveness Program ). Although the U.S. Supreme Court subsequently struck down the Biden Forgiveness Program, President Biden indicated between October 1, 2023 and September 30, 2024, he would allow federal loan borrowers to not be considered delinquent if they miss a payment and that the U.S. Department of Education will not refer borrowers who fail to pay their student loan bills to credit agencies. In addition, on July 14, 2023, President Biden announced that 39 billion in federal student loan debt would be eliminated to remedy mistakes of loan servicers, and other student loan holders will have their loans adjusted. On October 4, 2023, the Biden Administration approved an additional 125,000 borrowers for student loan debt relief, totaling an additional 9 billion in student debt forgiveness. 
 While we expect we may continue to see an increase in student loan refinancing volume following the end of the federal student loan payment moratorium after August 30, 2023, as borrowers may look to refinance at a lower rate or, given the high interest rate environment, may look to extend the loan term, the timing and impact to our student loan refinancing product will largely depend on expectations regarding the introduction or implementation of additional relief measures, the interest rate environment, how competitive our student loan refinancing products are compared to our competitors and macroeconomic factors. 

Key Components of Results of Operations 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income primarily reflects the excess of interest income earned on our loans over the interest expense incurred to fund such loans. Net interest income is impacted by loan origination volume, the level of securitization activity, the amount of time we hold loans on our consolidated balance sheet and the volume of member deposits, as well as prevailing interest rates, which impact the rates we receive on our loans and securitization-related investments in bonds and residual interest positions, and the rates we incur from our funding sources including our warehouse facilities, securitization debt and member deposits at SoFi Bank. We also incur interest expense related to our revolving credit facility, as well as on our convertible notes in the form of amortization of debt issuance costs and original issue discount. 
 Noninterest Income 
 Noninterest income primarily consists of: (i) revenue recognized from contracts with customers, which primarily relates to our technology products and solutions revenues and has grown due to our recent acquisitions and the growth and expansion of our financial services offerings, (ii) fair value changes in loans while we hold them on our consolidated balance sheet and our securitization activities, inclusive of our hedging activities, (iii) gains on sales of loans transferred into the securitization or whole loan sale channels, (iv) loan origination fees, whereby a borrower may optionally elect to pay origination fees to qualify for a lower annual percentage rate, (v) the income we receive from our loan servicing activities, as well as the assumption of servicing rights from third parties, (vi) gains and losses on non-securitization investments, and (vii) gains and losses on extinguishment of debt. 
 Noninterest Expense 
 Noninterest expense primarily relates to the following categories of expenses: (i) technology and product development , (ii) sales and marketing , (iii) cost of operations , and (iv) general and administrative . Certain costs are included within each of these line items, such as compensation and benefits-related expense (inclusive of share-based compensation expense), professional services, depreciation and amortization, and occupancy-related costs. We allocate certain costs to each of these categories based on department-level headcounts. We generally expect these expenses to increase in absolute dollars as our business continues to grow. Noninterest expense also includes the provision for credit losses , which primarily relates to our credit card product, as well as goodwill impairment, related to the Galileo and Technisys reporting units. 
 Directly Attributable Expenses 
 As presented within Summary Results by Segment , in our determination of the contribution profit (loss) for our reportable segments, we allocate certain expenses that are directly attributable to the segment. Directly attributable expenses primarily include compensation and benefits and sales and marketing, inclusive of member incentives, and vary based on the amount of activity within each segment. Directly attributable expenses also include loan origination and servicing expenses, professional services, product fulfillment and lead generation. Expenses are attributed to the reportable segments using either 

97 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 direct costs of the segment or labor costs that can be attributed based upon the allocation of employee time for individual products. 

Consolidated Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth selected consolidated statements of income data: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 in thousands) 
 2023 2022 2021 Change Change Change Change Net interest income 1,261,740 584,096 252,244 677,644 116 331,852 132 Total noninterest income 861,049 989,439 732,628 (128,390) (13) 256,811 35 Total net revenue 2,122,789 1,573,535 984,872 549,254 35 588,663 60 Total noninterest expense 2,423,947 1,892,256 1,466,049 531,691 28 426,207 29 Loss before income taxes (301,158) (318,721) (481,177) 17,563 (6) 162,456 (34) Income tax benefit (expense) 416 (1,686) (2,760) 2,102 n/m 1,074 (39) Net loss (300,742) (320,407) (483,937) 19,665 (6) 163,530 (34) 

98 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Net Interest Income 
 The tables below present average balance and interest information for each major category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, along with net interest income and net interest margin. 
 Average Balances and Net Interest Earnings Analysis 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 in thousands) Average Balances (1) 
 Interest Income/Expense Average Yield/Rate Average Balances (1) 
 Interest Income/Expense Average Yield/Rate Average Balances (1) 
 Interest Income/Expense Average Yield/Rate Assets Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits with banks 2,172,013 91,312 4.20 1,122,364 10,841 0.97 706,640 646 0.09 Investment securities 541,590 25,096 4.63 494,005 12,542 2.54 495,444 14,355 2.90 Loans (2) 
 18,733,812 1,934,659 10.33 9,200,023 749,071 8.14 5,179,729 337,862 6.52 Related party receivables 2,767 211 7.63 Total interest-earning assets 21,447,415 2,051,067 9.56 10,816,392 772,454 7.14 6,384,580 353,074 5.53 Total noninterest-earning assets 3,055,580 2,812,054 1,933,759 Total assets 
 24,502,995 13,628,446 8,318,339 Liabilities, Temporary Equity and Permanent Equity Interest-bearing liabilities: Demand deposits 2,214,794 51,673 2.33 1,336,006 21,814 1.63 Savings deposits 8,481,895 359,444 4.24 1,403,750 31,045 2.21 Time deposits 1,958,002 96,703 4.94 281,633 6,934 2.46 Total interest-bearing deposits 12,654,691 507,820 4.01 3,021,389 59,793 1.98 Warehouse facilities 3,142,096 192,987 6.14 2,378,935 71,717 3.01 2,043,085 29,596 1.45 Securitization debt 751,869 36,853 4.90 593,824 22,507 3.79 931,476 35,576 3.82 Other debt (3) 
 1,638,748 51,526 3.14 1,575,027 30,618 1.94 773,159 27,458 3.55 Total debt 5,532,713 281,366 5.09 4,547,786 124,842 2.75 3,747,720 92,630 2.47 Residual interests classified as debt 12,301 141 1.15 57,510 3,723 6.47 106,990 8,200 7.66 Total interest-bearing liabilities 18,199,705 789,327 4.34 7,626,685 188,358 2.47 3,854,710 100,830 2.62 Total noninterest-bearing liabilities 757,070 657,314 602,994 Total liabilities 18,956,775 8,283,999 4,457,704 Total temporary equity 320,374 320,374 1,637,173 Total permanent equity 5,225,846 5,024,073 2,223,462 Total liabilities, temporary equity and permanent equity 24,502,995 13,628,446 8,318,339 Net interest income (4) 
 1,261,740 584,096 252,244 Net interest margin (5) 
 5.88 5.40 3.95 ___________________ 
 (1) Average balances were calculated on daily carrying balances for the 2023 period, and on thirteen-month ending carrying balances for the 2022 and 2021 periods, as the daily analysis in the prior periods would have involved undue burden. Both average calculations are representative of our operations. 
 (2) Interest income on loans measured at amortized cost for the 2022 and 2021 periods includes amortization of deferred loan fees, net of deferred loan costs, which were not material. 
 (3) Interest expense on other debt primarily includes debt issuance and discount expense, as well as interest expense on the revolving credit facility and seller note, which was repaid in early 2021. 
 (4) Net interest income is calculated as the excess of total interest income on interest-earning assets over total interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. 
 (5) Net interest margin is calculated as net interest income divided by total average interest-earning assets. 
 2023 vs. 2022. Net interest income increased by 677.6 million, or 116 , during the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, and net interest margin increased by 48 basis points. The increases were primarily driven by higher interest income from (i) personal loans, which was primarily a function of increases in the average balance and origination volume, as well as longer loan holding periods for both personal and student loans, and (ii) interest- 

99 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 bearing deposits with banks, which reflected our strong liquidity position in a rising interest rate environment. Average interest-earning assets increased by 98 , and average yields increased by 242 basis points. 
 These increases were partially offset by higher interest expense on deposits attributable to a higher average balance and higher interest rates offered to our members, and higher interest expense on warehouse facilities attributable to a higher average balance and higher interest rates incurred on our facilities, all of which are reflective of the higher interest rate environment year over year. 
 2022 vs. 2021. Net interest income increased by 331.9 million, or 132 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by higher interest income from non-securitization personal and student loans, which were primarily a function of increases in average balances, higher personal loan origination volume and longer loan holding periods. This increase was partially offset by interest expense on deposits at SoFi Bank during 2022, and lower interest income from consolidated personal and student loan securitizations, which were impacted by decreases in average balances primarily attributable to payment activity and the absence of additions to our consolidated securitization loan balances. 
 Net interest margin increased by 145 basis points during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by higher interest-earning assets at higher average yields, particularly related to non-securitization loans, partially offset by higher interest rates paid on warehouse facilities and interest-bearing deposits used to fund our loan originations. 
 Analysis of Changes in Net Interest Income 
 The following table presents year-over-year changes in net interest income and the extent to which the variances are attributable to changes in the volume of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities or changes in the interest rates related to these assets and liabilities: 
 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 Increase (Decrease) Due to Change in (1) : 
 Increase (Decrease) Due to Change in (1) : 
 in thousands) Volume Rate Total Variance Volume Rate Total Variance Interest income: Interest-bearing deposits with banks 44,128 36,343 80,471 4,016 6,179 10,195 Investment securities 2,205 10,349 12,554 (37) (1,776) (1,813) Loans 984,564 201,024 1,185,588 327,335 83,874 411,209 Related party receivables (211) (211) Total interest income 1,030,897 247,716 1,278,613 331,314 88,066 419,380 Interest expense: Interest-bearing deposits 386,575 61,452 448,027 59,793 59,793 Debt 50,088 106,436 156,524 21,963 10,249 32,212 Residual interests classified as debt (519) (3,063) (3,582) (3,203) (1,274) (4,477) Total interest expense 436,144 164,825 600,969 78,553 8,975 87,528 Net interest income 
 594,753 82,891 677,644 252,761 79,091 331,852 ___________________ 
 (1) We calculate the change in interest income and interest expense separately for each item. Volume and rate changes have been allocated on a consistent basis using the respective percentage changes in average balances and average rates. 

100 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Loan Maturity Schedule 
 The following table presents the maturities of our loan portfolio, as well as the separate presentation of the total amount of loans in each loan category that are due after one year that have variable rates and fixed rates: 
 As of December 31, 2023 (1) 
 in thousands) Within 1 year After 1 year through 5 years After 5 years through 15 years After 15 years Total Loan Portfolio: Personal loans 
 229,827 11,758,548 2,510,254 14,498,629 Student loans 
 10,153 988,168 3,984,745 1,462,520 6,445,586 Home loans 
 67,406 67,406 Senior secured loans 
 445,733 445,733 Credit card (2) 
 319,694 319,694 Commercial and consumer banking 1,565 2,447 12,709 102,242 118,963 Total loans 561,239 13,194,896 6,507,708 1,632,168 21,896,011 Loans with variable rates: Personal loans 
 2,035 2,035 Student loans 
 18,906 80,526 9,769 109,201 Commercial and consumer banking 679 5,532 97,070 103,281 Total loans 21,620 86,058 106,839 214,517 Loans with fixed rates: Personal loans 
 11,756,513 2,510,254 14,266,767 Student loans 
 969,262 3,904,219 1,452,751 6,326,232 Home loans 
 67,406 67,406 Senior secured loans 
 445,733 445,733 Commercial and consumer banking 1,768 7,177 5,172 14,117 Total loans 13,173,276 6,421,650 1,525,329 21,120,255 __________________ 
 (1) Maturities presented are based upon the contractual terms of the loans. Amounts represent unpaid principal balance of loans outstanding at period end. 
 (2) Due to the revolving nature of credit cards, we report all of our credit card balances as due within one year. 
 Noninterest Income and Net Revenue 
 The following table presents the components of our total noninterest income, as well as total net revenue: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 in thousands) 
 2023 2022 2021 Change Change Change Change Loan origination, sales, and securitizations 371,812 565,372 482,764 (193,560) (34) 82,608 17 Servicing 37,328 43,547 (2,281) (6,219) (14) 45,828 n/m Technology products and solutions 323,972 304,901 191,847 19,071 6 113,054 59 Other 127,937 75,619 60,298 52,318 69 15,321 25 Total noninterest income 
 861,049 989,439 732,628 (128,390) (13) 256,811 35 Total net revenue 
 2,122,789 1,573,535 984,872 549,254 35 588,663 60 
 2023 vs. 2022 . Total noninterest income decreased by 128.4 million, or 13 , for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, which was primarily attributable to: (i) higher personal loan write-offs in 2023, (ii) higher origination fees primarily related to a new product feature offered on personal loans, whereby a borrower may optionally elect to pay origination fees to qualify for a lower annual percentage rate, (iii) the net effect of higher income related to in period originations, loan sale execution and fair value adjustments on loans and securitization loans, which were primarily impacted by higher personal loan origination volume, lower student loan prepayment assumptions, and an increase in securitization loan fair market values primarily associated with a consolidated securitization transaction in the first quarter of 2023, partially offset by losses in 2023 compared to gains in 2022 on loan hedging and risk retention hedge activities due to smaller increases in interest rates during the 2023 period, (iv) growth in technology products and solutions fees largely driven 

101 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 by revenue contribution from Technisys for the full period in 2023, (v) increased interchange revenue, and (vi) gain on extinguishment of debt during 2023. 
 2022 vs. 2021. Total noninterest income increased by 256.8 million, or 35 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by loan hedging activities due to higher interest rates in 2022, partially offset by lower income related to in period originations, loan sale execution and fair value adjustments on loans, as well as higher loan write offs. The increase was also attributable to growth in technology products and solutions fees driven by account growth and increased activity among our existing integrated technology solutions clients combined with revenue contribution from the Technisys Merger in 2022. 
 Noninterest Expense 
 The following table presents the components of our total noninterest expense: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 in thousands) 
 2023 2022 2021 Change Change Change Change Technology and product development 511,419 405,257 276,087 106,162 26 129,170 47 Sales and marketing 719,400 617,823 426,875 101,577 16 190,948 45 Cost of operations 379,998 313,226 256,980 66,772 21 56,246 22 General and administrative 511,011 501,618 498,534 9,393 2 3,084 1 Goodwill impairment 247,174 247,174 n/m n/m Provision for credit losses 54,945 54,332 7,573 613 1 46,759 617 Total noninterest expense 
 2,423,947 1,892,256 1,466,049 531,691 28 426,207 29 
 2023 vs. 2022. Total noninterest expense increased by 531.7 million, or 28 , for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily driven by: (i) goodwill impairment expense related to the Galileo and Technisys reporting units, further discussed within Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Goodwill , (ii) higher employee compensation and benefits, which was attributable to increases in headcount and salary and the inclusion of Technisys for the full 2023 period compared to a partial period in 2022, related to support of our growth and impacts of the inflationary environment, as well as restructuring charges during the first and fourth quarters of 2023 and partially offset by decreases in share-based compensation expense, (iii) increases in advertising and marketing expenditures, utilization of lead generation channels and direct member incentives, (iv) increased amortization of purchased and internally-developed software, and in tools and subscriptions costs, reflective of continued investments in technology, (v) an increase in product fulfillment costs, which included debit card fulfillment services, primarily related to our SoFi Money product, as well as payment processing network association fees associated with increased activity on our technology platform, and (vi) increases in amortization of intangible assets primarily due to acquired intangible assets in the Technisys Merger and Wyndham acquisition. These increases were partially offset by the absence of transaction expenses that were incurred in the 2022 period related to our acquisition of Technisys. 
 2022 vs. 2021. Total noninterest expense increased by 426.2 million, or 29 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by: (i) higher employee compensation and benefits (inclusive of an increase in share-based compensation expense), a portion of which was attributable to the Technisys Merger and the remainder of which was related to increased personnel to support our growth in 2022, (ii) increases in advertising expenditures and utilization of lead generation channels, (iii) an increase in the provision for credit losses, which reflected higher average credit card balances combined with elevated credit card loss rates during 2022, (iv) an increase in amortization of intangible assets due to acquired intangible assets in the Technisys Merger, and (v) an increase in purchased and internally-developed software amortization, reflective of continued investments in technology. 

102 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Provision for Credit Losses 
 Analysis of Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Allowance for Credit Losses Ratios 
 The following table presents the ratio of allowance for credit losses to total loans outstanding that are measured at amortized cost: 
 December 31, in thousands) 2023 2022 Allowance for credit losses to total loans outstanding Allowance for credit losses 
 54,695 40,788 Total loans held for investment, at amortized cost outstanding (1) 
 884,390 344,106 Ratio (2) 
 6.18 11.85 __________________ 
 (1) Total loans outstanding excludes accrued interest. 
 (2) The decrease in the ratio was primarily attributable to senior secured loans, for which we did not recognize an allowance for credit losses, partially offset by credit cards, which was primarily reflective of an increase in the average balance combined with elevated loss rates. 
 We omitted the credit ratios associated with nonaccrual loans, as the balance of nonaccrual loans was immaterial. 
 Allocation of Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The following table presents the allocation of the allowance for credit losses and the percentage of loans outstanding by category to total loans outstanding that are measured at amortized cost: 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 in thousands) Allowance for credit losses Percent of loans to total loans (1) 
 Allowance for credit losses Percent of loans to total loans (1) 
 Credit card 
 52,385 36 39,110 71 Commercial and consumer banking 2,310 13 1,678 29 Senior secured loans (2) 
 51 Total 54,695 100 40,788 100 __________________ 
 (1) Loans outstanding balances used in the calculation exclude accrued interest. 
 (2) For the periods presented, we did not recognize an allowance for credit losses on senior secured loans, as we determined that our expected exposure to credit losses was immaterial. 
 Analysis of Charge-offs 
 The following tables present information regarding average loans outstanding, net charge-offs and the annualized ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 in thousands) Average Loans (1) 
 Net Charge-offs (2) 
 Ratio Average Loans (1) 
 Net Charge-offs (2) 
 Ratio Average Loans (1) 
 Net Charge-offs (2) 
 Ratio Personal loans 
 12,638,807 432,706 3.42 4,767,708 88,511 1.86 1,968,297 19,398 0.99 Student loans 
 5,641,787 25,048 0.44 4,059,001 12,677 0.31 2,964,404 9,399 0.32 Home loans 
 78,554 132,663 197,452 Senior secured loans 
 26,291 Credit card (3) 
 238,832 40,992 17.16 167,290 20,957 12.53 47,533 2,048 4.31 Commercial and consumer banking 109,541 46 0.04 73,361 7 0.01 2,043 Total loans 18,733,812 498,792 2.66 9,200,023 122,152 1.33 5,179,729 30,845 0.60 ___________________ 

103 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 (1) Average balances were calculated on daily carrying balances for the 2023 period, and on thirteen-month ending carrying balances for the 2022 and 2021 periods, as the daily analysis in the prior periods would have involved undue burden. Both average calculations are representative of our operations. 
 (2) Net charge-offs include both credit- and certain non-credit-related charge-offs. 
 (3) The increase in the net charge-off rate associated with credit card was primarily related to our maturing portfolio. 
 2022 vs. 2021 . The provision for credit losses increased by 46.8 million, which primarily reflected higher average credit card balances combined with elevated credit card loss rates during 2022. 
 Income Taxes 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recorded income tax benefit (expense) of 0.4 million, (1.7) million, and (2.8) million, respectively. Our income tax benefit position in 2023 was primarily attributable to income tax benefits from foreign losses in jurisdictions with net deferred tax liabilities related to Technisys. These benefits were offset by income tax expense associated with the profitability of SoFi Bank in state jurisdictions where separate filings are required, as well as federal taxes where our tax credits and loss carryforwards may be limited. Our income tax expense position in 2022 was primarily attributable to tax expense at SoFi Lending Corp. and SoFi Bank due to profitability in state jurisdictions where separate filings are required and recognition of expense from Technisys in certain Latin American countries where separate returns are filed. The expense was partially offset by deferred tax benefits from the amortization of intangible assets acquired in the Technisys Merger. 

Summary Results by Segment 
 Contribution profit (loss) is the primary measure of segment-level profit and loss that, along with our key business metrics, is used by management to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends and make strategic decisions. Contribution profit (loss) is defined as total net revenue for each reportable segment less expenses directly attributable to the reportable segment and, in the case of our Lending segment, adjusted for fair value adjustments attributable to assumption changes associated with our servicing rights and residual interests classified as debt. See the sections entitled Consolidated Results of Operations , Summary Results by Segment and Non-GAAP Financial Measures for discussion and analysis of these key financial measures. 
 Lending Segment 
 In the table below, we present certain metrics related to our Lending segment: 
 
 December 31, 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 Metric 
 2023 2022 2021 Change Change Change Change Total products (number, as of period end) 1,663,006 1,340,597 1,078,952 322,409 24 261,645 24 Origination volume in thousands, during period) 
 Personal loans 13,801,065 9,773,705 5,386,934 4,027,360 41 4,386,771 81 Student loans 2,630,040 2,245,499 4,293,526 384,541 17 (2,048,027) (48) Home loans 997,492 966,177 2,978,222 31,315 3 (2,012,045) (68) Total 17,428,597 12,985,381 12,658,682 4,443,216 34 326,699 3 Loans with a balance (number, as of period end) (1) 
 1,009,433 753,043 603,201 256,390 34 149,842 25 Average loan balance , as of period end) (1) 
 
 Personal loans 24,223 24,917 22,820 (694) (3) 2,097 9 Student loans (2) 
 44,683 46,585 50,549 (1,902) (4) (3,964) (8) Home loans 284,289 285,152 286,991 (863) (1,839) (1) _________________ 
 (1) Loans with a balance and average loan balance include loans on our balance sheet, as well as transferred loans and referred loans with which we have a continuing involvement through our servicing agreements. 
 (2) In-school loans carry a lower average balance than student loan refinancing products. 
 Total Products 
 Total products in our Lending segment is a subset of our total products metric. See Key Business Metrics for further discussion of this measure as it relates to our Lending segment. 

104 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Origination Volume 
 We refer to the aggregate dollar amount of loans originated through our platform in a given period as origination volume. Origination volume is an indicator of the size and health of our Lending segment and an indicator (together with the relevant loan characteristics, such as interest rate and prepayment and default expectations) of revenues and profitability. Changes in origination volume are driven by the addition of new members and existing members, the latter of which at times will either refinance into a new SoFi loan or secure an additional, concurrent loan, as well as macroeconomic factors impacting consumer spending and borrowing behavior. Since the profitability of the Lending segment is largely correlated with origination volume, management relies on origination volume trends to assess the need for external financing to support the Financial Services segment and the expense budgets for unallocated expenses. 
 Personal Loans. During the year ended December 31, 2023, personal loan origination volume increased significantly relative to 2022, primarily due to increased demand driven by expanded marketing efforts and increased demand for debt consolidation products in a rising interest rate environment. 
 Personal loan origination volume increased significantly during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to increased demand driven by expanded marketing efforts and increased demand for debt consolidation products in a rising interest rate environment. This was combined with a positive impact from increased loan application approval rates within our existing credit parameters that were implemented during the second half of 2021 and maintained through mid-2022, with slight credit tightening implemented in the second half of 2022. 
 Student Loans. During the year ended December 31, 2023, student loan origination volume increased relative to 2022, as demand for student loan refinancing products increased ahead of the resumption of principal and interest payments on federally-held student loans as borrowers looked to refinance at a lower rate or, given the high interest rate environment, to extend the loan term. This was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of the suspension of principal and interest payments on federally-held student loans through August 30, 2023 and the expectation of debt cancellation for certain federal student loan borrowers which was struck down by the U.S. Supreme Court in June 2023, combined with a continued rising interest rate environment in 2023. 
 Student loan origination volume decreased significantly during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, as demand for student loan refinancing products continued to be unfavorably impacted by the ongoing suspension of principal and interest payments on federally-held student loans and the expectation of debt cancellation for certain federal student loan borrowers, combined with a rising interest rate environment in 2022. 
 Home Loans. During the year ended December 31, 2023, home loan origination volume remained relatively flat relative to 2022 due to continued rising interest rates, which tends to lower demand for home loans overall and shift demand from refinance originations to purchase originations, the latter of which is a more competitive landscape. Although purchase originations historically represented a smaller percentage of our home loan originations, our mix during the 2023 period has shifted toward more purchase originations, which we would expect to continue under similar macroeconomic conditions. Our home loan origination volume increased notably beginning in the second quarter of 2023, aided by the increased capacity and capabilities subsequent to our acquisition of Wyndham. 
 Home loan origination volume decreased significantly during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 due to continued rising interest rates relative to 2021 levels, which tends to lower demand for home loans overall and shift demand from refinance originations to purchase originations, the latter of which is a more competitive landscape. Although purchase originations have historically represented a smaller percentage of our home loan originations, our mix has shifted toward more purchase originations in the second half of 2022. 
 Loans with a Balance and Average Loan Balance 
 Loans with a balance refers to the number of loans that have a balance greater than zero dollars as of the reporting date. Loans with a balance allows management to better understand the unit economics of acquiring a loan in relation to the lifetime value of that loan. Average loan balance is defined as the total unpaid principal balance of the loans divided by loans with a balance within the respective loan product category as of the reporting date. Average loan balance tends to fluctuate based on the pace of loan originations relative to loan repayments and the initial loan origination size. 

105 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 In the table below, we present additional information related to our lending products: 
 Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 
 2023 2022 2021 Overall weighted average origination FICO 749 752 761 Personal Loans Weighted average origination FICO 745 747 754 Weighted average interest rate earned (1) 
 13.28 11.82 10.64 Interest income recognized 
 1,600,527 551,458 202,706 Sales of loans 
 938,403 2,911,491 4,290,424 Student Loans Weighted average origination FICO 770 773 774 Weighted average interest rate earned (1) 
 5.13 4.27 4.44 Interest income recognized 
 281,921 170,550 127,496 Sales of loans 
 96,678 877,920 2,854,778 Home Loans Weighted average origination FICO 755 749 755 Weighted average interest rate earned (1) 
 5.76 3.42 1.96 Interest income recognized 
 4,982 4,714 3,778 Sales of loans 
 1,029,214 1,094,981 2,935,038 
 __________________ 
 (1) Weighted average interest rate earned represents annualized interest income recognized divided by the average of the unpaid principal balances of loans outstanding during the period, determined on a daily basis for the 2023 period and on a thirteen-month basis for the 2022 and 2021 periods, as the daily analysis in the prior period would have involved undue burden. Both average calculations are representative of our operations. 
 Lending Segment Results of Operations 
 The following table presents the measure of contribution profit for the Lending segment. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 in thousands) 
 2023 2022 2021 Change Change Change Change Net interest income 960,773 531,480 258,102 429,293 81 273,378 106 Noninterest income 409,848 608,511 480,221 (198,663) (33) 128,290 27 Total net revenue 1,370,621 1,139,991 738,323 230,630 20 401,668 54 Servicing rights change in valuation inputs or assumptions (1) 
 (34,700) (39,651) 2,651 4,951 (12) (42,302) n/m Residual interests classified as debt change in valuation inputs or assumptions (2) 
 425 6,608 22,802 (6,183) (94) (16,194) (71) Directly attributable expenses 
 (513,073) (442,945) (364,169) (70,128) 16 (78,776) 22 Contribution profit 823,273 664,003 399,607 159,270 24 264,396 66 Adjusted net revenue (3) 
 1,336,346 1,106,948 763,776 229,398 21 343,172 45 
 __________________ 
 (1) Reflects changes in fair value inputs and assumptions, including market servicing costs, conditional prepayment, default rates and discount rates. This non-cash change, which is recorded within noninterest income in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss is unrealized during the period and, therefore, has no impact on our cash flows from operations. As such, the changes in fair value attributable to assumption changes are adjusted to provide management and financial users with better visibility into the cash flows available to finance our operations. 
 (2) Reflects changes in fair value inputs and assumptions, including conditional prepayment, default rates and discount rates. When third parties finance our consolidated VIEs through purchasing residual interests, we receive proceeds at the time of the securitization close and, thereafter, pass along contractual cash flows to the residual interest owner. These obligations are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, with fair value changes recorded within noninterest income in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The fair value change attributable to assumption changes has no impact on our initial financing proceeds, our future obligations to the residual interest owner (because future residual interest claims are limited to contractual securitization collateral cash flows), or the general operations of our business. As such, this non-cash change in fair value is adjusted to provide management and financial users with better visibility into the cash flows available to finance our operations. 
 (3) Adjusted net revenue is a non-GAAP financial measure. For information regarding our use and definition of this measure and for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, total net revenue, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures herein. 
 Net interest income 
 2023 vs. 2022. Net interest income in our Lending segment increased by 429.3 million, or 81 , for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 2022, which was primarily attributable to increases in average personal and student loan unpaid principal balances of 7.0 billion, or 161 , and 1.7 billion, or 49 , respectively, combined with a higher weighted 

106 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 average interest rate. The personal loan average balance increase was primarily attributable to higher origination volume and longer loan holding periods. The student loan average balance increase was primarily attributable to longer loan holding periods. Interest expense associated with funding our lending activities increased by 732.1 million, or 356 , primarily due to the sharp increases in benchmark rates which are reflective of the higher interest rate environment year over year, as well as higher average loan balances. 
 2022 vs. 2021. Net interest income in our Lending segment increased by 273.4 million, or 106 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, which was primarily attributable to non-securitization loans. Higher interest income on non-securitization personal loans and student loans was primarily a function of increases in aggregate average balances of 2.8 billion, or 185 , and 1.3 billion, or 62 , respectively. The personal loan average balance increase was primarily attributable to higher origination volume and purchase activity combined with a higher weighted average interest rate earned on whole loans and longer loan holding periods. The student loan average balance increase was primarily attributable to longer loan holding periods, partially offset by a lower weighted average interest rate earned on whole loans. Interest expense associated with funding our lending activities, which was determined using an FTP framework in 2022 and was based on actual interest expense on our use of securitizations and warehouse facilities in 2021, increased by 115.6 million, or 128 , year over year, primarily due to the sharp increase in benchmark rates. 
 Noninterest income 
 2023 vs. 2022. Noninterest income in our Lending segment decreased by 198.7 million, or 33 , for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 2022, which was primarily driven by lower loan origination, sales, and securitizations income of 193.3 million. 
 2022 vs. 2021. Noninterest income in our Lending segment increased by 128.3 million, or 27 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, which was primarily driven by higher loan origination, sales, and securitizations income of 82.4 million and higher servicing income of 45.6 million. 
 Loan Originations, Sales, and Securitizations 
 The following table presents the components of noninterest income loan origination, sales, and securitizations : 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Change Change Change Change In period originations, loan sale execution and fair value adjustments (1) 
 689,956 295,562 450,695 394,394 133 (155,133) (34) Economic derivative hedges of loan fair values (11,258) 369,898 49,090 (381,156) n/m 320,808 654 Other derivative instruments (2) 
 7,560 (11,032) (2,742) 18,592 n/m (8,290) 302 Loan origination fees 
 134,399 7,452 14,452 126,947 n/m (7,000) (48) Loan write-off expense whole loans (3) 
 (455,194) (101,188) (28,797) (354,006) 350 (72,391) 251 Loan repurchase (expense) benefit (4) 
 (2,075) 4,460 (3,117) (6,535) n/m 7,577 n/m Other 8,453 (10) 3,183 8,463 n/m (3,193) n/m Loan origination, sales, and securitizations noninterest income 
 371,841 565,142 482,764 (193,301) (34) 82,378 17 ___________________ 
 (1) Includes fair value adjustments on loans originated during the period, fair value adjustments of loans and securitization bond and residual interest positions held at the balance sheet date, as well as gains (losses) on loans sold and consolidated securitization transactions during the period. Fair value adjustments are impacted by interest rates, weighted average coupon, credit spreads and loss estimates, prepayment speeds, duration and previous loan sale execution on similar loans. 
 (2) Includes IRLCs, interest rate caps and purchase price earn-out. 
 (3) For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, includes gross write-offs of 533.3 million, 131.6 million and 48.7 million, respectively. Total recoveries were 78.1 million, 30.4 million and 19.9 million, respectively, of which 53.7 million, 10.5 million and 5.3 million, respectively, were captured via loan sales to a third-party collection agency. 
 (4) Represents the (expense) benefit associated with our estimated loan repurchase obligation. See Note 18. Commitments, Guarantees, Concentrations and Contingencies to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 2023 vs. 2022 . The decrease in loan origination, sales, and securitizations income was primarily driven by: (i) higher personal loan write-offs in the 2023 period, primarily driven by longer loan holding periods and elevated charge off rates, (ii) losses in 2023 compared to gains in 2022 on student loan, personal loan and risk retention interest rate swap positions primarily 

107 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 driven by smaller increases in interest rates during the 2023 period, and (iii) lower gains on home loan pipeline hedges primarily driven by larger increases in the underlying hedge price index during the 2023 period. 
 These decreases were partially offset by: (i) higher fair value gains on personal loans and lower fair value losses on student loans in the 2023 period, which were primarily impacted by higher origination volume and lower prepayment assumptions, respectively, (ii) higher origination fees primarily related to a new product feature offered on personal loans, whereby a borrower may optionally elect to pay origination fees to qualify for a lower annual percentage rate, (iii) improvement in securitizations income primarily driven by an increase in securitization loan and residual interests in securitization trusts fair market values primarily associated with consolidated securitization transactions in the first and third quarters of 2023, and a positive variance in our securitization bond and residual interest position fair values, (iv) fair value gains on home loans (compared to losses in the 2022 period), which were primarily impacted by smaller decreases in benchmark rates, and (v) losses on home loan and student loan sale execution in the 2022 period, which were due to both volume and price factors. 
 2022 vs. 2021. The increase in loan origination, sales, and securitizations income was primarily driven by: (i) gains on student loan, personal loan and risk retention interest rate swap positions primarily driven by higher interest rates in 2022, (ii) fair value gains on personal loan originations in the year, partially offset by fair value losses on student loan and home loan originations in the year, each correlated with origination volume, (iii) gains on home loan pipeline hedges due to decreases in the underlying hedge price index, and (iv) favorable changes in residual debt fair value adjustments. This increase was partially offset by: (i) lower fair value marks on loans held on balance sheet at period end (including in period originations) across all loan products, primarily driven by deterioration in general market conditions, (ii) lower execution prices on sales activity across all loan products, due to both volume and price factors, (iii) higher loan write offs, primarily driven by higher average personal loan balances and elevated charge off rates in 2022, (iv) a decrease in securitization loan fair market value changes, principally due to increases in market interest rates, and (v) a decline in securitization bond fair values that were impacted by the interest rate volatility during the 2022 period. 
 Servicing 
 We own the master servicing on all of the servicing rights that we retain and, in each case, recognize the gross servicing rate applicable to each serviced loan. Sub-servicers are utilized for all serviced student loans and home loans, which represents a cost to SoFi, but these arrangements do not impact our calculation of the weighted average basis points earned for each loan type serviced. Further, there is no impact on servicing income due to forbearance and moratoriums on certain debt collection activities, and there are no waivers of late fees. The table below presents information related to our loan servicing activities: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Change Change Change Change Servicing income recognized Personal loans 24,074 35,653 34,093 (11,579) (32) 1,560 5 Student loans 25,174 36,256 46,519 (11,082) (31) (10,263) (22) Home loans 15,161 12,965 8,975 2,196 17 3,990 44 Servicing rights fair value change Personal loans 28,839 (4,245) 2,677 33,084 n/m (6,922) n/m Student loans (4,929) (24,058) (10,634) 19,129 (80) (13,424) 126 Home loans 6,705 9,898 26,619 (3,193) (32) (16,721) (63) 
 2022 vs. 2021. The increase in servicing income was primarily related to favorable changes in valuation inputs and assumptions for student loans, which was primarily attributable to decreased prepayment rate assumptions during 2022 compared to increased assumptions during 2021, partially offset by increased discount rate assumptions during 2022. 

108 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Directly attributable expenses 
 The directly attributable expenses allocated to the Lending segment that were used in the determination of the segment's contribution profit were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Change Change Change Change Direct advertising 183,885 178,263 126,367 5,622 3 51,896 41 Compensation and benefits 119,266 103,996 88,137 15,270 15 15,859 18 Lead generation 115,388 87,716 55,170 27,672 32 32,546 59 Loan origination and servicing costs 46,241 41,535 56,242 4,706 11 (14,707) (26) Professional services 9,592 6,649 5,663 2,943 44 986 17 Intercompany technology platform expenses 948 948 n/m n/m Other (1) 
 37,753 24,786 32,590 12,967 52 (7,804) (24) Directly attributable expenses 513,073 442,945 364,169 70,128 16 78,776 22 __________________ 
 (1) Other expenses primarily include loan marketing expenses, member promotional expenses, tools and subscriptions, travel and occupancy-related costs, and third-party loan fraud (net of related insurance recoveries). 
 2023 vs. 2022. Lending segment directly attributable expenses increased by 70.1 million, or 16 , for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to: (i) an increase in personal loan lead generation channels during 2023, (ii) an increase in allocated compensation and related benefits, which reflected increases in average compensation and average headcount in 2023, (ii) an increase in direct advertising primarily related to direct mail advertising, and (iv) an increase in other expenses, primarily related to loan marketing expenses and third-party loan fraud. 
 2022 vs. 2021. Lending segment directly attributable expenses increased by 78.8 million, or 22 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to: (i) an increase in direct advertising primarily related to direct mail, search engine and social network advertising, partially offset by declines in television advertisement; (ii) increasing utilization of lead generation channels primarily associated with increased personal loan origination volume in 2022; (iii) an increase in allocated compensation and related benefits, which primarily reflected increases in headcount allocated to the Lending segment and increased average compensation in 2022, partially offset by decreases in home loan commissions attributable to decreases in home loan originations; and (iv) a decrease in loan origination and servicing costs, which were largely attributable to decreases in home loan origination costs, partially offset by increases in personal loan origination costs, each of which was correlated with origination volumes. 

109 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Transfers of Financial Assets 
 We regularly transfer financial assets and account for such transfers as either sales or secured borrowings depending on the facts and circumstances of the transfer. The following table summarizes our whole loan sales: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Personal loans Fair value of consideration received: Cash 567,904 3,016,740 3,373,655 Servicing assets recognized 30,168 21,925 21,811 Repurchase liabilities recognized (2,069) (7,351) (8,168) Total consideration received 596,003 3,031,314 3,387,298 Aggregate unpaid principal balance and accrued interest of loans sold 567,003 2,924,567 3,253,645 Realized gain 
 29,000 106,747 133,653 Sale execution (1) 
 105.5 103.9 104.4 Student loans Fair value of consideration received: Cash 98,624 883,859 1,676,892 Servicing assets recognized 2,792 9,275 15,526 Repurchase liabilities recognized (16) (134) (300) Total consideration 101,400 893,000 1,692,118 Aggregate unpaid principal balance and accrued interest of loans sold 99,916 881,922 1,635,280 Realized gain 
 1,484 11,078 56,838 Sale execution (1) 
 101.5 101.3 103.5 Home loans Fair value of consideration received: Cash 1,022,600 1,057,596 2,989,813 Servicing assets recognized 10,184 13,926 31,294 Repurchase liabilities recognized (1,765) (1,158) (3,288) Total consideration 1,031,019 1,070,364 3,017,819 Aggregate unpaid principal balance and accrued interest of loans sold 1,029,623 1,095,882 2,935,343 Realized gain (loss) 
 1,396 (25,518) 82,476 Sale execution (1) 
 100.3 97.8 102.9 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Sale execution represents the ratio of cash proceeds and servicing assets recognized to the aggregate unpaid principal balance and accrued interest of the loans sold. Amounts included in repurchase liabilities are excluded from the calculation, as they typically would not materially differ from the fair value markdown on the loans over the repurchase period had they been held on balance sheet and entered delinquency. 
 
 Technology Platform Segment 
 In the table below, we present the total accounts metric related to Galileo within our Technology Platform segment: 
 
 December 31, 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 
 2023 2022 2021 Change Change Change Change Total accounts 145,425,391 130,704,351 99,660,657 14,721,040 11 31,043,694 31 
 See Key Business Metrics for further discussion of this measure as it relates to our Technology Platform segment. 

110 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Technology Platform Segment Results of Operations 
 The following table presents the measure of contribution profit for the Technology Platform segment. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Change Change Change Change Net interest income (expense) 
 1,514 (29) 1,514 n/m 29 (100) Noninterest income 350,826 315,133 194,915 35,693 11 120,218 62 Total net revenue 
 352,340 315,133 194,886 37,207 12 120,247 62 Directly attributable expenses (257,554) (238,620) (130,439) (18,934) 8 (108,181) 83 Contribution profit 94,786 76,513 64,447 18,273 24 12,066 19 
 Net interest income 
 Net interest income in our Technology Platform segment in 2023 relates to interest income earned on segment cash balances, which we began recording within the Technology Platform segment in the third quarter of 2023. Prior period amounts were determined to be immaterial, and presented within Corporate/Other. 
 Noninterest income 
 2023 vs. 2022. Noninterest income in our Technology Platform segment increased by 35.7 million, or 11 , for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to growth in technology products and solutions fees driven by revenue contribution from Technisys for the full 2023 period compared to ten months of 2022. Noninterest income also included 22.2 million and 7.6 million of intercompany revenue for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in intercompany revenue was primarily attributable to increased usage of technology platform services during the 2023 periods by our Financial Services segment, as well as within our Technology Platform segment, as we continue to leverage synergies to enhance our product offerings. 
 2022 vs. 2021. Noninterest income in our Technology Platform segment increased by 120.2 million, or 62 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, of which 69.2 million was attributable to revenue contribution from the Technisys Merger in 2022. The remaining increase was primarily attributable to growth in technology products and solutions fees driven by account growth and increased activity among our existing integrated technology solutions clients. Noninterest income included 7.6 million and 1.9 million of intercompany revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Directly attributable expenses 
 The directly attributable expenses allocated to the Technology Platform segment that were used in the determination of the segment's contribution profit were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Change Change Change Change Compensation and benefits 151,041 143,843 68,277 7,198 5 75,566 111 Product fulfillment 47,731 39,237 31,492 8,494 22 7,745 25 Tools and subscriptions 26,384 21,745 9,544 4,639 21 12,201 128 Professional services 13,230 11,460 6,037 1,770 15 5,423 90 Other (1) 
 19,168 22,335 15,089 (3,167) (14) 7,246 48 Directly attributable expenses 257,554 238,620 130,439 18,934 8 108,181 83 ___________________ 
 (1) Other expenses are primarily related to travel and occupancy-related costs, advertising and marketing, and data center costs. 
 2023 vs. 2022. Technology Platform segment directly attributable expenses increased by 18.9 million, or 8 , for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to: (i) an increase in product fulfillment costs, primarily related to payment processing network association fees associated with increased activity on the platform, (ii) an increase in compensation and benefits expense, primarily related to bonus adjustments in the second quarter of 2023 and the inclusion of Technisys in our results for the full 2023 period, partially offset by a decrease in average headcount in 2023 corresponding with restructuring during the first quarter of 2023, and (iii) an increase in tools and subscriptions costs related to internal technology initiatives to support the growth of the platform, along with the inclusion of Technisys in our results for the full 2023 period. 

111 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 2022 vs. 2021. Technology Platform segment directly attributable expenses increased by 108.2 million, or 83 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to: (i) an increase in compensation and benefits expense, which was correlated with an increase in personnel to support segment growth and of which Technisys compensation and benefits contributed 53.0 million during 2022; and (ii) an increase in tools and subscriptions costs related to headcount increases and internal technology initiatives to support the growth of the platform, along with the inclusion of Technisys in our 2022 results. 
 
 Financial Services Segment 
 In the table below, we present the total products metric related to our Financial Services segment: 
 
 December 31, 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 2023 2022 2021 Change Change Change Change Total products 
 9,479,470 6,554,039 4,094,245 2,925,431 45 2,459,794 60 
 Total products in our Financial Services segment is a subset of our total products metric. See Key Business Metrics for a further discussion of this measure as it relates to our Financial Services segment. 
 Financial Services Segment Results of Operations 
 The following table presents the measure of contribution loss for the Financial Services segment. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 in thousands) 
 2023 2022 2021 Change Change Change Change Net interest income (1) 
 334,847 92,574 3,765 242,273 262 88,809 n/m Noninterest income 101,668 75,102 54,313 26,566 35 20,789 38 Total net revenue 
 436,515 167,676 58,078 268,839 160 109,598 189 Directly attributable expenses (436,777) (367,102) (192,996) (69,675) 19 (174,106) 90 Contribution loss 
 (262) (199,426) (134,918) 199,164 (100) (64,508) 48 
 __________________ 
 (1) Net interest income and, thereby, total net revenue and contribution loss for our Financial Services segment reported for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 reflect the implementation of an FTP framework, under which Financial Services segment net interest income reflects the difference between an FTP credit for the segment s provision of deposits as a source of funding and an FTP charge for the segment s use of funds related to credit cards. For the comparative period ended December 31, 2021, our Financial Services segment net interest income was nominal, as it did not have deposits and the credit card product was nascent. If we had applied our current FTP framework during the comparative period, the Financial Services segment net interest income would not have materially changed. 
 Net interest income 
 2023 vs. 2022. Net interest income in our Financial Services segment increased by 242.3 million, or 262 , for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 2022, which was primarily attributable to net interest income earned on our deposits, which includes interest income based on our FTP framework (which eliminates in consolidation) and interest expense to members. This net increase corresponds with the growth of deposits at SoFi Bank, as well as the impact of higher interest rates offered to members. In addition, net interest income earned on our credit cards increased, which includes interest income earned on outstanding balances as well as interest expense incurred under the FTP framework, and was primarily attributable to growth in total credit cards. 
 2022 vs. 2021. Net interest income in our Financial Services segment increased by 88.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, which was primarily attributable to net interest income earned on our deposits, which includes interest income based on our FTP framework (which eliminates in consolidation) and interest expense to members, and corresponds with the level of deposits at SoFi Bank. In addition, net interest income earned on our credit cards increased primarily due to growth in the average balance. 
 Noninterest income 
 2023 vs. 2022. Noninterest income in our Financial Services segment increased by 26.6 million, or 35 , for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to an increase in interchange fees, which coincided with increased credit card and debit card transactions, as well as brokerage-related fees, which were primarily attributable to increased trading volume on our platform during 2023. 

112 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 2022 vs. 2021. Noninterest income in our Financial Services segment increased by 20.8 million, or 38 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to growth in referral fulfillment activity, as we continue to drive volume to our partners and an increase in interchange fees, which coincided with increased credit card and debit card transactions. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in brokerage-related fees, which was primarily attributable to decreased digital assets trading volume on our platform during 2022. 
 Directly attributable expenses 
 The directly attributable expenses allocated to the Financial Services segment that were used in the determination of the segment s contribution loss were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Change Change Change Change Compensation and benefits 125,143 110,288 81,176 14,855 13 29,112 36 Provision for credit losses 54,945 54,332 7,573 613 1 46,759 617 Member incentives 54,616 45,923 19,544 8,693 19 26,379 135 Product fulfillment 49,829 33,713 23,638 16,116 48 10,075 43 Direct advertising 44,347 36,660 19,051 7,687 21 17,609 92 Lead generation 36,447 30,418 10,308 6,029 20 20,110 195 Intercompany technology platform expenses 12,961 4,600 1,863 8,361 182 2,737 147 Professional services 12,719 4,590 3,832 8,129 177 758 20 Other (1) 
 45,770 46,578 26,011 (808) (2) 20,567 79 Directly attributable expenses 436,777 367,102 192,996 69,675 19 174,106 90 __________________ 
 (1) Other expenses primarily include operational product losses, third party fraud expense, travel and occupancy-related costs, tools and subscriptions, and marketing expenses. 
 2023 vs. 2022. Financial Services directly attributable expenses increased by 69.7 million, or 19 , for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to: (i) an increase in product fulfillment costs, which included debit card fulfillment services, primarily related to our SoFi Money product, (ii) an increase in compensation and benefits expense, which reflected growth in the Financial Services segment that required additional staffing, as well as increased average compensation in 2023, (iii) an increase in direct member incentives utilized to drive adoption and usage of our Financial Services products, the most significant of which was our SoFi Money product, (iv) an increase in direct advertising costs primarily driven by an increase in online and digital advertising largely related to the promotion of our SoFi Money product, and (v) an increase related to utilization of lead generation channels, primarily related to our credit card and Relay products. 
 2022 vs. 2021. Financial Services directly attributable expenses increased by 174.1 million, or 90 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to: (i) an increase related to our provision for credit losses, which was primarily related to increases in the provision for credit cards due to higher average credit card balances combined with elevated credit card loss rates during 2022; (ii) an increase in compensation and benefits expense, which reflected our ongoing prioritization of growth in the Financial Services segment that required additional staffing, as well as increased average compensation in 2022; (iii) an increase in direct member incentives utilized to drive adoption and usage of our Financial Services products, the most significant of which was SoFi Checking and Savings; (iv) an increase related to utilization of lead generation channels during 2022, primarily related to SoFi Checking and Savings; and (v) an increase in direct advertising costs primarily driven by an increase in search engine and social network marketing primarily related to the continued promotion of SoFi Checking and Savings. 
 
 Corporate/Other Non-Reportable Segment 
 Non-segment operations are classified as Corporate/Other, which includes net revenues associated with corporate functions, non-recurring gains and losses from non-securitization investment activities and interest income and realized gains and losses associated with investments in AFS debt securities, all of which are not directly related to a reportable segment. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, net interest expense within Corporate/Other also reflects the financial impact of our capital management activities within the treasury function, which reflects the residual impact from FTP charges and FTP 

113 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 credits allocated to our reportable segments under our FTP framework. The following table presents the measure of total net loss for Corporate/Other: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 vs. 2022 2022 vs. 2021 in thousands) 
 2023 2022 2021 Change Change Change Change Net interest expense (35,394) (39,958) (9,594) 4,564 (11) (30,364) 316 Noninterest income (loss) (1,293) (9,307) 3,179 8,014 (86) (12,486) n/m Total net loss 
 (36,687) (49,265) (6,415) 12,578 (26) (42,850) 668 
 Reconciliation of Directly Attributable Expenses 
 The following table reconciles directly attributable expenses allocated to our reportable segments to total noninterest expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss: 
 Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Reportable segments directly attributable expenses (1,207,404) (1,048,667) (687,604) Intercompany expenses 22,199 7,604 1,863 Expenses not allocated to segments: Share-based compensation expense (271,216) (305,994) (239,011) Employee-related costs (1) 
 (250,326) (184,764) (143,847) Depreciation and amortization expense (201,416) (151,360) (101,568) Goodwill impairment (247,174) Fair value changes in warrant liabilities (107,328) Special payment (2) 
 (21,181) Other corporate and unallocated expenses (3) 
 (268,610) (209,075) (167,373) Total noninterest expense (2,423,947) (1,892,256) (1,466,049) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes compensation, benefits, restructuring charges, recruiting, certain occupancy-related costs and various travel costs of executive management, certain technology groups and general and administrative functions that are not directly attributable to the reportable segments. 
 (2) Represents a special payment to the Series 1 preferred stockholders in connection with the Business Combination in the second quarter of 2021. See Note 13. Equity to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 (3) Represents corporate overhead costs that are not allocated to reportable segments, which primarily includes corporate marketing and advertising costs, tools and subscription costs, professional services costs, corporate and FDIC insurance costs, foreign currency translation adjustments and transaction-related expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 We strive to maintain access to diverse funding sources and ample liquidity to fund our operating requirements, to pursue strategic growth initiatives and to meet our legal and regulatory requirements. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, including cash from operations, and investments in other highly liquid assets. 
 We maintain a CALM policy that outlines specific requirements relating to the oversight of SoFi Technologies, Inc. (and its subsidiaries) capital planning, financial planning and forecasting, liquidity risk management, contingency funding planning, interest rate risk management, cash management and financial operations, among other activities. Oversight of these activities is the responsibility of our ALCO. The ALCO is comprised of a cross-functional leadership team that is responsible for managing our use of capital, liquidity, sources and uses of funding, and sensitivities to various market risks, by identifying key risks and exposures, monitoring them appropriately, establishing tolerances and limits, and mitigating risks where appropriate, to ensure the Company has the ability to meet its obligations. 

114 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 The following table summarizes our total liquidity reserves: 
 December 31, 2023 Amount Available Amount Borrowed / Utilized Remaining Available Capacity Cash and cash equivalents 3,085,020 n/a 3,085,020 Investments in AFS debt securities (1) 
 463,448 n/a 463,448 Warehouse facilities (2) 
 9,170,000 3,239,528 5,930,472 Revolving credit facility (3) 
 645,000 499,100 145,900 FHLB advances (4) 
 166,525 27,200 139,325 Other lines of credit (5) 
 50,000 50,000 Total liquidity 13,579,993 3,765,828 9,814,165 ___________________ 
 (1) Excludes investments in AFS debt securities which are pledged as collateral to the FHLB. 
 (2) Includes personal loan, student loan, credit card and risk retention warehouse facilities. For risk retention facilities, we only include capacity amounts wherein we can pledge additional asset-backed bonds and residual investments as of the date indicated. As of December 31, 2023, warehouse facility maturity dates ranged from January 2024 through January 2032. See Note 9. Debt to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2023, the amount utilized under the revolving credit facility includes 13.1 million utilized to secure letters of credit. See Note 9. Debt to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 (4) As of December 31, 2023, we had 131.7 million of investments in AFS debt securities and 54.8 million of loans pledged as collateral to the FHLB to secure undrawn borrowing capacity of 166.5 million, of which 27.2 million was utilized to secure letters of credit. 
 (5) Borrowing capacity with correspondent banks is unsecured. 
 We believe our existing liquidity will be sufficient to cover net losses, meet our existing working capital and capital expenditure needs, as well as our planned growth for at least the next 12 months. 
 Sources of Funding 
 Our primary funding sources include SoFi Bank deposits, warehouse funding, common and preferred equity capital, convertible debt, corporate revolving credit facility, securitizations, and other financings. 
 We offer deposit accounts (checking and savings accounts) to our members through SoFi Bank. We also source brokered and non-brokered wholesale deposits, which include certificates of deposit. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, time deposit balances due in less than one year totaled 2.6 billion and 1.0 billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the amount of uninsured deposits totaled 348.1 million and 615.9 million, respectively. In 2023, we began to provide our members with access to expanded FDIC insurance coverage through a network of participating banks in our Insured Deposit Program, which contributed to the decrease in uninsured deposits relative to year end. As of December 31, 2023, approximately 98 of our total deposits were insured. 
 The following table presents uninsured time deposits as of December 31, 2023 by remaining time to maturity: 
 in thousands) December 31, 2023 3 months or less 4,843 Over 3 months through 6 months 4,286 Over 6 months through 12 months 11,939 Over 12 months 200 Total uninsured time deposits 
 21,268 
 Uses of Funding 
 Our primary uses of funds include loan originations, investments in our business, such as technology and product investments and sales and marketing initiatives, as well as the losses generated by our Financial Services segment on a year-to-date basis. Our capital expenditures have historically been less significant relative to our operating and financing cash flows, and we expect this trend to continue for the foreseeable future. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had debt obligations, common stock and redeemable preferred stock outstanding. 

115 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Borrowings 
 Our borrowings primarily included our loan and risk retention warehouse facilities, asset-backed securitization debt, revolving credit facility and convertible notes. The amount of financing actually advanced on each individual loan under our loan warehouse facilities, as determined by agreed-upon advance rates, may be less than the stated advance rate depending, in part, on changes in underlying loan characteristics of the loans securing the financings. Each of our loan warehouse facilities allows the lender providing the funds to evaluate the market value of the loans that are serving as collateral for the borrowings or advances being made. The amount owed and outstanding on our loan warehouse facilities fluctuates significantly based on our origination volume, sales volume, the amount of time we strategically hold loans on our balance sheet, and the amount of loans being funded with our cash or member deposits. 
 In October 2021, we closed on the issuance of 1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes (the convertible notes ), which do not bear regular interest, will mature in October 2026 (unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted) and will be convertible by the noteholders beginning in April 2026 under certain circumstances. In December 2023, the Company entered into agreements to repurchase 88.0 million aggregate principal amount of the convertible notes, for which the Company issued 9,490,000 shares of common stock to settle. Following these repurchases, 1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of the convertible notes remain outstanding. Redemption events and conversion events (to the extent we elect to cash settle) could require a material use of cash at the time of the event. See Note 12. Debt to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the conversion, settlement and redemption terms of the convertible notes. Additionally, if special interest or additional interest is incurred on the convertible notes, it could require an additional use of cash. 
 In connection with the issuance of the convertible notes, we entered into privately negotiated Capped Call Transactions with certain financial institutions, which are expected to generally reduce the potential dilutive effect on the common stock upon any conversion of the notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of the converted notes, as the case may be. Refer to Note 13. Equity for additional information on the Capped Call Transactions. All of these transactions are expected to remain in effect notwithstanding the December 2023 repurchases. 
 The net proceeds from the October 2021 convertible debt issuance were 1.2 billion. We used 113.8 million of the net proceeds to fund the cost of entering into the Capped Call Transactions. We allotted the remainder of the net proceeds to pay related expenses and for general corporate purposes. 
 Covenants 
 We have various affirmative and negative financial covenants, as well as non-financial covenants, related to our warehouse debt and revolving credit facility, as well as our Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock. Additionally, we have compliance requirements associated with our convertible notes, and certain provisions of the arrangement could change in the event of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change , as defined in the indenture governing such convertible notes. 
 The availability of funds under our warehouse facilities and revolving credit facility is subject to, among other conditions, our continued compliance with the covenants. These financial covenants include, but are not limited to, maintaining: (i) a certain minimum tangible net worth, (ii) minimum unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, (iii) a maximum leverage ratio of total debt to tangible net worth, and (iv) minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios. A breach of these covenants can result in an event of default under these facilities and allows the lenders to pursue certain remedies. See Note 12. Debt to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Our subsidiaries are restricted in the amount that can be distributed to SoFi only to the extent that such distributions would cause the financial covenants to not be met. 
 In addition, pursuant to our amended and restated agreement related to our Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock, we are subject to the following financial covenants: 
 Tangible net worth to total debt ratio requirement, which excludes our warehouse, risk retention and securitization related debt; 
 Tangible net worth to Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock ratio requirement; and 
 Minimum excess equity requirements, where the measure of equity includes permanent equity and SoFi Technologies Redeemable Preferred Stock (exclusive of Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock), as applicable. 
 We were in compliance with all covenants as of December 31, 2023. 

116 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Capital Management 
 SoFi Technologies, a bank holding company, and SoFi Bank, a nationally chartered association, are required to comply with regulatory capital rules issued by the Federal Reserve and other U.S. banking regulators, including the OCC and FDIC. From time to time, we may contribute capital to SoFi Bank. We are required to manage our capital position to maintain sufficient capital to satisfy these regulatory rules and support our business activities, including the requirement to maintain minimum regulatory capital ratios in accordance with the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision standardized approach for U.S. banking organizations (U.S. Basel III). If the Federal Reserve finds that we are not well-capitalized or well-managed , we would be required to take remedial action, which may contain additional limitations or conditions relating to our activities. 
 These requirements establish required minimum ratios for CET1 risk-based capital, Tier 1 risk-based capital, total risk-based capital and a Tier 1 leverage ratio; set risk-weighting for assets and certain other items for purposes of the risk-based capital ratios; and define what qualifies as capital for purposes of meeting the capital requirements. 
 As of December 31, 2023, our regulatory capital ratios exceeded the thresholds required to be regarded as a well-capitalized institution, and meet all capital adequacy requirements to which we are subject. There have been no events or conditions since December 31, 2023 that management believes would change the categorization. See Note 21. Regulatory Capital to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the risk- and leverage-based capital ratios and amounts for SoFi Bank and SoFi Technologies. 
 Cash Requirements from Known Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments 
 The following table summarizes our cash requirements from known contractual obligations and other commitments as of December 31, 2023: 
 
 Payments Due by Period in thousands) Total Less than 1 Year 1 3 Years 3 5 Years More than 5 Years Warehouse debt (1) 
 3,249,375 638,473 2,581,173 29,729 Revolving credit facility (2) 
 632,501 632,501 Convertible notes (3) 
 1,111,972 1,111,972 Operating lease obligations 133,479 24,536 44,663 30,984 33,296 Sponsorship, advertising, and cloud computing agreements (4) 
 670,329 85,807 104,610 90,082 389,830 Total contractual obligations (5) 
 5,797,656 748,816 3,842,418 783,296 423,126 
 __________________ 
 (1) The amounts reported exclude future interest expense, other than interest accrued as of December 31, 2023, as it is difficult to predict the amount of interest we will incur due to the variability of the utilization of our warehouse debt and timing of collateral cash flows. As such, only principal commitments and the aforementioned accrued interest are included herein. See Note 12. Debt to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our warehouse debt. 
 (2) Includes principal balance and variable interest on our revolving credit facility. The estimated interest payments assume that our borrowings under the revolving credit facility (i) remain unchanged, (ii) are held to maturity, and (iii) incur interest at the rate for standard withdrawals in effect as of December 31, 2023 through its maturity. See Note 12. Debt to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our revolving credit facility. 
 (3) The convertible notes will mature on October 15, 2026, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. See Borrowings for additional information on these provisions. 
 (4) See Note 18. Commitments, Guarantees, Concentrations and Contingencies to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these financial commitments. 
 (5) Contractual obligations exclude residual interests classified as debt that result from transfers of assets that are accounted for as secured financings. Similarly, contractual obligations exclude securitization debt, as the maturity of the notes issued by the various trusts occurs upon either the maturity of the loan collateral or full payment of the loan collateral held in the trusts, the timing of which cannot be reasonably estimated. Additionally, our own liquidity resources are not required to make any contractual payments on these borrowings, except in limited instances associated with our guarantee arrangements. Our maturity date represents the legal maturity of the last class of maturing notes. See Note 18. Commitments, Guarantees, Concentrations and Contingencies to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of our guarantees. Finally, contractual obligations exclude the impact of uncertain tax positions, as we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of such future cash flows. See Note 17. Income Taxes to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on income taxes and unrecognized tax benefits. 
 Guarantees 
 We may require liquidity resources associated with our guarantee arrangements. As a component of our loan sale agreements, we make certain representations to third parties that purchased our previously held loans. We have a three-year obligation to GSEs on loans that we sell to GSEs, to repurchase any originated loans that do not meet certain GSE guidelines, 

117 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 and we are required to pay the full initial purchase price back to the GSEs. In addition, we make standard representations and warranties related to personal, student and home loan transfers, as well as limited credit-related repurchase guarantees on certain such transfers. If realized, any of the repurchases would require the use of cash. See Note 18. Commitments, Guarantees, Concentrations and Contingencies to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on these and other guarantee obligations. We believe we have adequate liquidity to meet these expected obligations. 
 Factors Affecting Liquidity 
 We are currently dependent on the success of our lending business. The primary drivers of operating cash flows related to our Lending segment are origination volume, the holding period of our loans, loan sale execution and the timing of loan repayments. Our ability to access whole loan buyers, to sell our loans on favorable terms, to maintain adequate warehouse capacity at favorable terms, to access new deposits and grow existing deposits and to strategically manage our continuing financial interest in securitization-related transfers is critical to our growth strategy and our ability to have adequate liquidity to fund our balance sheet. Our ability to attract and maintain deposits can be impacted by, among other things, general economic conditions, the condition of the banking sector (such as bank failures or exposure to credit, market, operational, legal and reputational risks), competition from other financial services firms, idiosyncratic events and the interest rates we offer, which can impact our liquidity from deposits. Through 2023, we continued to have strong deposit contribution. During 2023, we also provided our members with access to expanded FDIC insurance coverage through a network of participating banks in our Insured Deposit Program. 
 There is no guarantee that we will be able to execute on our strategy as it relates to the timing and pricing of securitization-related transfers. Therefore, we may hold securitization interests for longer than planned or be forced to liquidate at suboptimal prices. Securitization transfers are also negatively impacted during recessionary periods, wherein purchasers may be more risk averse. 
 Further, future uncertainties around the demand for our personal loans, home loans and around the student loan refinance market in general, including as a result of worsening macroeconomic conditions or continued turmoil in the banking and financial services sectors, should be considered when assessing our future liquidity and solvency prospects. In the future, our loan origination volume and our resulting loan balances, and any positive cash flows thereof, could also be lower based on strategic decisions to tighten our credit standards. 
 In addition to our ability to pledge unencumbered loans against available warehouse capacity, we have relationships with whole loan buyers who have historically demonstrated strong demand for our loans. Securitization markets can also generate additional liquidity; however, financing through the securitization market could result in worse execution as compared to whole loans sales depending on market conditions and, in certain cases, we are required to maintain a minimum investment due to securitization risk retention rules. 
 Additionally, our securitization transactions require us to maintain a continuing financial interest in the form of securitization investments when we deconsolidate the SPE or in consolidation of the SPE when we have a significant financial interest. In either instance, the continuing financial interest requires us to maintain capital in the SPE that would otherwise be available to us if we had sold loans through a different channel. As it relates to our securitization debt, the maturity of the notes issued by the various trusts occurs upon either the maturity of the loan collateral or full payment of the loan collateral held in the trusts, the timing of which cannot be reasonably estimated. Our own liquidity resources are not required to make any contractual payments on our securitization borrowings. 
 Our cash flows from operations have also historically been impacted by material net losses. While we achieved net income profitability for the first time during the fourth quarter of 2023, changing business, macroeconomic or other conditions could potentially lead us, in the future, to raise additional capital in the form of equity or debt, which may not be at favorable terms when compared to previous financing transactions. 
 Our long-term liquidity strategy includes continuing to grow our deposit base, maintaining adequate warehouse capacity, maintaining corporate debt and other sources of financing, as well as effectively managing the capital raised through debt and equity transactions. Although our goal is to increase our cash flow from operations, there can be no assurance that our future operating plans will lead to improved operating cash flows. 
 The FDIA and FDIC regulations generally limit the ability of an insured depository institution to accept, renew or roll over any brokered deposit unless the institution s capital category is well capitalized or, with the FDIC s approval, adequately capitalized. See Part I, Item 1. Government Supervision and Regulation Brokered Deposits for additional information. As of December 31, 2023, our regulatory capital ratios exceeded the thresholds required to be regarded as a well-capitalized institution, and meet all capital adequacy requirements to which we are subject. 

118 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Cash Flow and Liquidity Analysis 
 The following table provides a summary of cash flow data: 
 Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (7,227,139) (7,255,858) (1,350,217) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (1,889,864) (106,333) 110,193 Net cash provided by financing activities 10,885,602 8,439,485 684,987 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, net cash used in operating activities of 7.2 billion stemmed from a net loss of 300.7 million and an unfavorable change in our operating assets net of operating liabilities of 7.6 billion, partially offset by a positive adjustment for non-cash items of 706.8 million. The change in operating assets net of operating liabilities was primarily a result of our loan origination and sales activities. We originated loans of 17.4 billion during the year and also purchased loans of 198.7 million. These cash uses were partially offset by principal payments on loans of 7.2 billion and proceeds from loan sales of 2.1 billion. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities of 7.3 billion stemmed from a net loss of 320.4 million and an unfavorable change in our operating assets net of operating liabilities of 7.5 billion, partially offset by a positive adjustment for non-cash items of 560.1 million. The change in operating assets net of operating liabilities was primarily a result of our loan origination and sales activities. We originated loans of 13.0 billion during the year and also purchased loans of 2.5 billion. These cash uses were largely offset by principal payments on loans of 3.1 billion and proceeds from loan sales of 4.9 billion. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities of 1.4 billion stemmed from a net loss of 483.9 million and an unfavorable change in our operating assets net of operating liabilities of 1.3 billion, partially offset by a positive adjustment for non-cash items of 479.0 million. The change in operating assets net of operating liabilities was primarily a result of our loan origination and sales activities. We originated loans of 13.0 billion during the year and also purchased loans of 451.0 million. These cash uses were offset by principal payments on loans of 2.2 billion and proceeds from loan sales of 10.0 billion. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, net cash used in investing activities of 1.9 billion was primarily attributable to 1.4 billion related to loan activities, primarily driven by student loans, senior secured loans and credit cards, net purchases of 381.0 million related to our investments in AFS debt securities, 111.4 million for purchases of property, equipment and software, which primarily included internally-developed software and purchased software, 72.3 million related to business combinations, net of cash acquired, which includes our acquisition of Wyndham and settlements of vested employee performance awards associated with the Technisys Merger, and 66.6 million related to purchases of non-securitization investments, primarily FRB stock and FHLB stock. These uses were partially offset by proceeds of 108.3 million from our securitization investments. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities of 106.3 million was primarily attributable to proceeds of 118.8 million from our securitization investments and the aggregate net cash acquired from the Technisys Merger and Bank Merger of 58.5 million. These sources were more than offset by net cash uses of 173.7 million related to loan activities, primarily driven by credit cards, 93.2 million for purchases of property, equipment and software, which primarily included internally-developed software and purchased software, as well as 10.5 million related to costs incurred in the development and enhancement of software to be sold, leased or marketed. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by investing activities of 110.2 million was primarily attributable to proceeds of 107.5 million from the call on our Apex equity method investment and 16.7 million from repayment of the outstanding principal balance on its related party notes, as well as proceeds of 247.1 million from our securitization investments. These cash proceeds were partially offset by 246.4 million of investments made in AFS debt securities, reduced by proceeds of 57.5 million from sales and maturities of these investments. Additionally, we made an equity method investment of 20.0 million during the third quarter of 2021. Lastly, we used cash of 52.3 million for purchases of property, equipment and software, which primarily included internally-developed software, purchased software, and furniture and fixtures. 

119 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities of 10.9 billion was primarily attributable to net cash sources from our SoFi Bank deposits of 11.2 billion. This was partially offset by debt repayments of 799.9 million which exceeded our proceeds from debt financing activity of 520.5 million, which were primarily related to our warehouse facilities. Our payments of debt issuance costs were in the normal course of business and reflective of our recurring debt warehouse facility activity, which involves securing new warehouse facilities and extending existing warehouse facilities. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities of 8.4 billion was primarily attributable to net cash sources from our SoFi Bank deposits of 7.2 billion. Additionally, our proceeds from debt financing activities of 1.9 billion exceeded our debt repayments of 516.4 million, which were primarily related to our warehouse facilities. Our payments of debt issuance costs were in the normal course of business and reflective of our recurring debt warehouse facility activity, which involves securing new warehouse facilities and extending existing warehouse facilities. Finally, we paid redeemable preferred stock dividends of 40.4 million and taxes related to RSU vesting of 9.0 million. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 685.0 million. We received proceeds from the Business Combination and PIPE Investment of 2.0 billion, and paid costs directly related to the Business Combination and PIPE Investment of 27.0 million. We received 1.2 billion of proceeds from debt financing activities related to our lending activities and issuance of our convertible notes. These debt proceeds were more than offset by 0.9 billion of debt repayments, of which 9.5 billion were related to our warehouse facilities and 250 million were related to repayment of the seller note. We also had capped call purchases of 113.8 million in connection with the issuance of our convertible notes. Our payments of debt issuance costs were in the normal course of business and reflective of our recurring debt warehouse facility activity. We also received proceeds from warrant exercises of 95.0 million. We paid taxes related to RSU vesting of 42.6 million, as well as redeemable preferred stock dividends of 40.4 million. We also received 25.2 million of proceeds from common stock option exercises. Finally, we paid 282.9 million to repurchase redeemable common and preferred stock. 
 Other Arrangements 
 We enter into arrangements in which we originate loans, establish an SPE and transfer loans to the SPE, which has historically served as an important source of liquidity. We also retain the servicing rights of the underlying loans and hold additional interests in the SPE. When an SPE is determined not to be a VIE or when an SPE is determined to be a VIE but we are not the primary beneficiary, the SPE is not consolidated. In addition, a significant change to the pertinent rights of other parties or our pertinent rights, or a significant change to the ranges of possible financial performance outcomes used in our assessment of the variability of cash flows due to us, could impact the determination of whether or not a VIE is consolidated. VIE consolidation and deconsolidation may lead to increased volatility in our financial results and impact period-over-period comparability. See Note 1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for our VIE consolidation policy. 
 Historically, we have established personal loan trusts and student loan trusts that were created and designed to transfer credit and interest rate risk associated with the underlying loans through the issuance of collateralized notes and residual certificates. We hold a variable interest in the trusts through our ownership of collateralized notes in the form of asset-backed bonds and residual certificates. The residual certificates absorb variability and represent the equity ownership interest in the equity portion of the personal loan and student loan trusts. 
 We are also the servicer for all trusts in which we hold a financial interest. Although we have the power as servicer to perform the activities that most impact the economic performance of the VIE, we do not hold a significant financial interest in the trusts and, therefore, we are not the primary beneficiary. Further, we do not provide financial support beyond our initial equity investment, and our maximum exposure to loss as a result of our involvement with nonconsolidated VIEs is limited to our investment. For a more detailed discussion of nonconsolidated VIEs, including related activity during the year, see Note 7. Securitization and Variable Interest Entities to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Financial Condition Summary 
 Changes in the composition and balance of our assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2023 compared to December 31, 2022 were principally attributed to the following: 
 an increase of 1.8 billion in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents. See Cash Flow and Liquidity Analysis for further discussion of our cash flow activity; 
 an increase in loans of 9.1 billion, which was primarily related to increased personal and student loan originations and longer loan holding periods; 

120 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 an increase in deposits of 11.3 billion, which was primarily related to increased savings deposits from members and increased broker deposits; and 
 an increase of 180.6 million in gross warehouse and risk retention facility debt to support our originations during the current period, which reflected the net impact of 12.3 billion of cash borrowings and 12.1 billion of cash repayments. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. In preparing our consolidated financial statements, we make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities, as well as revenues and expenses. We base our assumptions, judgments and estimates on historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results involve judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We regularly evaluate our estimates, assumptions and judgments, particularly those that include the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments and are often about matters that are inherently uncertain. See Note 1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of our significant accounting policies. The most significant judgments, estimates and assumptions relate to the critical accounting policies, which are discussed in detail below. We evaluate our critical accounting policies and estimates on an ongoing basis and update them as necessary based on changes in market conditions or factors specific to us. 
 Fair Value 
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. We use a three-level fair value hierarchy to classify and disclose all assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis in periods subsequent to their initial measurement. The hierarchy requires us to use observable inputs when available and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs when determining fair value. The three levels are defined as follows: 
 Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, accessible by us at the measurement date. 
 Level 2 Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or observable inputs other than quoted prices. 
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs for assets or liabilities for which there is little or no market data, which requires us to develop our own assumptions. These unobservable assumptions reflect estimates of inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation techniques include the use of option pricing models, discounted cash flow models, or similar techniques, which incorporate management s own estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 
 A financial instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Instruments are categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy based on the significance of unobservable factors in the overall fair value measurement. Our involvement with VIEs and origination of personal loans, student loans and home loans results in Level 2 and Level 3 assumptions having a material impact on our consolidated financial statements, as further discussed below. We utilize third-party valuation specialists to perform a valuation of these Level 2 and Level 3 financial instruments on a monthly basis with quarterly oversight by a Valuation Working Group established by the Company that comprises leaders across finance, capital markets and accounting. 
 Loans 
 We elected the fair value option to measure our personal loans and student loans, as we believe that fair value best reflects the expected economic performance of the loans. These loans do not trade in an active market with readily observable prices, and are classified as Level 3 because the valuations utilize significant unobservable inputs. 
 We determine the fair value of our loans using a DCF calculation, which is a form of the income approach, while also considering market data as it becomes available. In applying the DCF methodology, we estimate the future cash flows of each loan portfolio using key loan metrics, such as term, vintage, coupon rate, coupon type and current balance, among others. The significant assumptions used in the valuation model include conditional prepayment rate, annual default rate and discount rate. The conditional prepayment rate represents the monthly annualized proportion of the principal of a pool of loans that is assumed to be paid off prematurely in each period. The annual default rate represents the annualized rate of borrowers who do 

121 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 not make loan payments on time. The conditional prepayment and annual default rate assumptions are determined using company-specific historical loan performance curves. The discount rate represents the weighted average rate at which the expected cash flows are discounted to arrive at the net present value of the loans. The discount rate is determined based on company-specific factors and market observations, including underlying benchmark rates, our weighted average coupon rate and expected duration of the assets, the last of which is also impacted by expected prepayment rates. We also consider the volume and terms of recent whole loan sales and securitization market pricing factors, as applicable, as indicators of loan fair values. 
 Securitizations 
 Loans in consolidated VIEs remain on our consolidated balance sheet and are measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs in a manner consistent with our non-securitization loans. Moreover, third-party residual claims on these loans are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are presented as residual interests classified as debt in our consolidated balance sheet. We classify the residual interests classified as debt as Level 3 due to the reliance on significant unobservable valuation inputs. In Company-sponsored securitization transactions that meet the applicable criteria to be accounted for as a sale, we retain certain asset-backed bonds, which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 2 inputs, and residual investments, which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs. These risk retention interests in nonconsolidated VIEs are referred to as securitization investments. 
 We determine the fair value of our residual interests classified as debt and our securitization investments using a DCF calculation, while also considering market data as it becomes available. In applying the DCF methodology, we estimate the future collateral cash flows using key securitization portfolio metrics, such as contractual payments and delinquency profile, among others. The significant assumptions used in the valuation model include conditional prepayment rate, annual default rate and discount rate. The conditional prepayment and annual default rate assumptions are determined using observed prepayment and default performance. The discount rate is determined based on market observations, such as secondary trading information, newly closed deals, benchmark rates and spread index, among others. 
 See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for discussion of the sensitivity of our financial instruments measured at fair value to changes in various market risks. 
 Business Combinations 
 We account for acquisitions of entities or asset groups that qualify as businesses using the acquisition method of accounting. Purchase consideration is allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the estimated fair values as of the acquisition date, and which are typically determined in consultation with an independent appraiser. The determination of fair value requires management to make estimates about discount rates, future expected cash flows, market conditions and other future events that are highly subjective in nature. The judgments made in the determination of the estimated fair value assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as the estimated useful life of each asset and the duration of each liability, could significantly impact the consolidated financial statements in periods after the acquisition, such as through depreciation and amortization expense. 
 Management uses significant judgment to determine the fair value of intangible assets. For developed technology, management applies the Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method, which is a form of the income approach, for which the significant assumptions generally include expected earnings attributable to the asset (including an assumed technology migration curve), contributory asset charges and an assumed discount rate. For customer-related intangibles, management applies the With and Without Method, which is a form of the income approach, for which the significant assumptions generally include estimated annual revenues and net cash flows (including revenue ramp-up periods and customer attrition rates), and an assumed discount rate. For trade names, trademark and domain names, management applies the Relief from Royalty Method, which is a form of the income approach, for which the significant assumptions generally include expected earnings attributable to the asset, the probability of use of the asset, the royalty rate and an assumed discount rate. The assumed discount rates across the valuation methods reflect the risk of the asset relative to the overall risk of the acquired business. Definite-lived intangible assets are straight-line amortized over their useful lives and reviewed for impairment annually and whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we did not recognize any impairment of definite-lived intangible assets. 
 The excess of the total purchase consideration over the fair value of the identified net assets acquired is recognized as goodwill. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. The results of operations for each acquisition are included in our consolidated financial results beginning on the respective acquisition date. 

122 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the allocation of purchase consideration and to the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed to the extent that additional information becomes available. After this period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill represents the fair value of an acquired business in excess of the fair value of the identified net assets acquired. As of December 31, 2023, we had goodwill of 1.4 billion, of which 17.7 million was recognized during the year in connection with business combinations. 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level at least annually, with a recurring testing date of October 1, or whenever indicators of impairment exist. Impairment of goodwill is the condition that exists when the carrying amount of a reporting unit that includes goodwill exceeds its fair value. We may assess goodwill for impairment initially based on qualitative considerations, referred to as step zero , to determine whether conditions exist that indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If management concludes, based on its assessment of relevant events, facts and circumstances that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit s carrying value is greater than its fair value, then a quantitative analysis, referred to as step one, will be performed to determine if there is any impairment. We may alternatively elect to initially perform a quantitative assessment and bypass the qualitative assessment. Quantitative goodwill impairment assessments require a significant amount of management judgment, and a meaningful change in the forecasted future revenues and cash flows, the discount rate, and the determination of market multiples used in testing goodwill for impairment could result in a material impact on the Company s results of operations and financial position. 
 A goodwill impairment loss is recognized for the amount that the carrying amount of a reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeds its fair value, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. Therefore, if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is not impaired. Our reporting units for our goodwill impairment analysis represent components of our business at one level below our operating segments. 
 An interim test is performed when events or circumstances occur that may indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting unit may be less than its carrying value. During the third quarter of 2023, the Technology Platform segment continued to experience slower growth rates than expected at the time of acquisition due to: (i) the uncertain macroeconomic environment, which has continued to impact customer spend volume, and (ii) continued longer sales cycles as a result of our shift in strategy to focus on diversified durable growth driven by potential new partners with scaled customer bases and interest in multiple Technology Platform products. These factors constituted a triggering event for goodwill testing purposes. As a result, we performed an interim quantitative test on the Galileo and Technisys reporting units to determine the existence and magnitude of potential goodwill impairment. We determined it was not necessary to perform an interim goodwill impairment test for our other reporting units. 
 During the third quarter of 2023, management calculated the fair value amount of the Galileo and Technisys reporting units using a combination of a DCF calculation, which is a form of the income approach, and a market multiples calculation, which is a form of the market approach. The discount rates used for the Galileo and Technisys reporting units in our interim quantitative assessment were 14.0 and 23.5 , respectively. The higher discount rate at Technisys was primarily driven by macroeconomic factors in Latin America, specifically the highly inflationary economic environment in Argentina. Additionally, management applied a terminal year long-term growth rate of 3.5 to both reporting units, consistent with previous quantitative assessments. As a result of this assessment, the fair value of the Galileo and Technisys reporting units were determined to be below their carrying values by 9.9 and 14.8 , respectively, resulting in management recognizing non-cash goodwill impairment charges of 124.5 million and 122.7 million for the Galileo and Technisys reporting units, respectively. If the discount rate applied to the estimated cash flows was increased or decreased by 50 basis points, the fair value of the Galileo and Technisys reporting units would decrease or increase by 6 and 4 , respectively. Similarly, if the long-term growth rate was increased or decreased by 50 basis points, the fair value of the Galileo and Technisys reporting units would increase or decrease by approximately 3 and 1 , respectively. 
 In performing the qualitative assessments of each reporting unit as of October 1, 2023, the Company evaluated events and circumstances since the last quantitative goodwill assessments to determine if it was not more likely than not that our goodwill was not impaired as of our annual impairment testing date. The factors evaluated included an assessment of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, key financial metrics, overall financial performance of the reporting unit, or any other specific events or changes. After assessing the relevant events and circumstances, we concluded it is not more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the reporting unit is below its carrying value as of our annual impairment assessment date. 

123 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 We monitored events and circumstances during the fourth quarter of 2023, concluding that it was not more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its respective carrying value as of December 31, 2023. 
 Management cannot predict the occurrence of certain events or changes in circumstances that might adversely affect the value of goodwill. We continue to monitor the aforementioned conditions, general macroeconomic deterioration, including the interest rate environment, inflationary pressures, and the potential for a prolonged economic downturn or recession, as well as other factors, including those listed in " Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements " and " Risk Factors " in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. Further persistence of the aforementioned conditions and these other factors could result in additional impairment charges in future periods. 
 See Note 8. Goodwill and Intangible Assets to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosures related to goodwill. 
 
 Recent Accounting Standards Issued, But Not Yet Adopted 
 See Note 1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 In the normal course of business, we are subject to a variety of market-related risks that can affect our operations and profitability. We broadly define these areas of risk as interest rate risk, credit risk, counterparty risk and operational risk. Historically, substantially all of our revenue and operating expenses were denominated in United States dollars. We may in the future be subject to increasing foreign currency exchange rate risk with our acquisition of a foreign company. Foreign currency exchange rate risk is the risk that our financial position or results of operations could be positively or negatively impacted by fluctuations in exchange rates. Exchange rate risk was not a material risk for us during the years presented. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to the risk of loss to future earnings, values or future cash flows that may result from changes in market discount rates or overall market conditions, such as instability in the banking and financial services sectors. We are subject to interest rate risk associated with our loans, securitization investments (including residual investments and asset-backed bonds), servicing rights and investments in AFS debt securities, which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis using a discounted cash flow methodology in which the discount rate represents an estimate of the required rate of return by market participants. Our loans with variable interest rates are exposed to interest rate volatility, which impacts the amount of recognized interest income. Our securitization residual investments are carried at fair value, which is subject to changes in market value by virtue of the impact of interest rates on the market yield of the residual investments. The value and earnings of our asset-backed bonds, which are associated with our personal loans and student loans, have a converse relationship to the movement of interest rates. That is, as interest rates rise, bond values and earnings fall and vice versa. Additionally, we are subject to interest rate risk on our variable-rate warehouse facilities and our revolving credit facility. Market interest rates may also drive the interest we offer to members on their deposits. Future funding activities may increase our exposure to interest rate risk, as the interest rates payable on such funding may be tied to SOFR or another representative alternative reference rate. We are also exposed to market risk through our investments in equity securities, which are either measured at fair value using the net asset value practical expedient or which may have positive or negative adjustments that impact our results of operations resulting from observable price changes based on current market conditions. 
 Interest rate risk also occurs in periods where changes in short-term interest rates result in loans being originated with terms that provide a smaller interest rate spread above the financing terms of our warehouse facilities or above the interest rate we offer on deposits, which can negatively impact our realized net interest income. We utilize simulations to evaluate changes in net interest income under multiple interest rate scenarios relative to the baseline forecast. The sensitivity is defined as the changes in net interest income relative to the baseline forecast. 
 The following table summarizes the potential effect on net interest income and fair value of interest rate sensitive financial assets and liabilities recorded on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023, based upon a sensitivity analysis performed by management assuming a hypothetical, immediate and parallel increase and decrease in market interest rates of 100 basis points. The net interest income sensitivities are applied to our 12 month forecast, which incorporates market expectations of interest rates, contractual cash flows, repricing characteristics, and our projected business activity, including deposit forecasts as a key assumption. Our consolidated balance sheet is liability sensitive, given liabilities reprice faster than assets, resulting in higher net interest income in decreasing interest rate scenarios. The fair value sensitivities are applied only to 

124 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 interest rate sensitive financial assets that existed at the balance sheet date, which included loans, securitization investments, servicing rights and investments in AFS debt securities as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Impact if Interest Rates: 
 in thousands) 
 Increase 100 Basis Points 
 Decrease 100 Basis Points 
 Fair value (409,956) 438,486 Net interest income (expense) 
 (33,942) 42,855 
 
 Credit Risk 
 We are subject to credit risk, which is the risk of default that results from a borrower s inability or unwillingness to make contractually required loan payments or declines in home loan collateral values. Generally, all loans sold into the secondary market are sold without recourse. For such loans, our credit risk is generally limited to repurchase obligations due to fraud or origination defects. For loans that were repurchased or not sold in the secondary market, we are subject to credit risk to the extent a borrower defaults and we are not able to fully recover the principal balance. We believe that this risk is mitigated through the implementation of stringent underwriting standards, strong fraud detection tools and technology designed to comply with applicable laws and our standards. In addition, we believe that this risk is mitigated through the quality of our loan portfolio. 
 The following table summarizes the potential effect on earnings over the next 12 months and the potential effect on the fair values of our loans for which we elected the fair value option and residual investments recorded on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023 based on upon a sensitivity analysis performed by management assuming an immediate hypothetical change in credit loss rates by a rate of 10 . The fair value and earnings sensitivities are applied only to financial assets that existed at the balance sheet date, which included loans, investments in AFS debt securities (which had an immaterial impact from credit risk) and residual investments as of December 31, 2023. Asset-backed bonds are excluded because they are not expected to absorb the losses of the VIE based on the extent of overcollateralization and expected credit losses of the VIE. Alternatively, residual investments are subject to credit exposure, and by design this is the portion of the SPE that is expected to absorb the losses of the VIE. 
 
 Impact if Credit Loss Rates: in thousands) 
 Increase 10 Percent Decrease 10 Percent Fair value (113,313) 113,313 Carrying value (5,470) 5,470 Income (loss) before income taxes (118,783) 118,783 
 
 Counterparty Risk 
 We are subject to risk that arises from our debt warehouse facilities, economic hedging activities, third-party custodians, and capped call options on our common stock. These activities generally involve an exchange of obligations with unaffiliated lenders or other individuals or entities, referred to in such transactions as counterparties . If a counterparty was to default, we could potentially be exposed to reputational damage and financial loss if such counterparty was unable to meet its obligations to us. We manage this risk by selecting only counterparties that we believe to be financially strong, spreading the risk among multiple such counterparties, placing contractual limits on the amount of dependence on any single counterparty, and entering into netting agreements with the counterparties, as appropriate. 
 In accordance with Treasury Market Practices Group s recommendation, we execute Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association trading agreements with all material trading partners. Each such agreement provides for an exchange of margin money should either party s exposure exceed a predetermined contractual limit. Such margin requirements limit our overall counterparty exposure. The master netting agreements contain a legal right to offset amounts due to and from the same counterparty. Derivative assets represent derivative contracts in a gain position net of loss positions with the same counterparty and, therefore, also represent our maximum counterparty credit risk. We incurred no losses due to nonperformance by any of our counterparties during the year ended December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, gross derivative asset and liability positions subject to master netting arrangements were 2.2 million and 6.0 million, respectively. 

125 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENT S 

 In the case of our loan warehouse facilities, we are subject to risk if the counterparty chooses not to renew a borrowing agreement and we are unable to obtain financing to originate loans. With our loan warehouse facilities, we seek to mitigate this risk by ensuring that we have sufficient borrowing capacity with a variety of well-established counterparties to meet our funding needs. As of December 31, 2023, we had total borrowing capacity under loan warehouse facilities of 9.2 billion, of which 3.2 billion was utilized. Refer to Note 12. Debt to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our loan warehouse facilities. 
 In the case of our call options on our common stock (referred to herein as the Capped Call Transactions ), if the Capped Call Counterparties, which are financial institutions and initial purchasers of our convertible notes, are unable to meet their obligations under the contract, we may not be able to mitigate the dilutive effect on our common stock upon conversions of our convertible notes or offset any potential cash payments we may be required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted convertible notes. Refer to Note 13. Equity to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our Capped Call Transactions. 
 We are also subject to counterparty risk associated with our use of third-party custodians to safeguard digital assets on behalf of our members. Refer to Note 1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under the section entitled Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Safeguarding Asset and Liability and to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors under Regulatory, Tax and Other Legal Risks for additional information on our counterparty risk as it relates to our digital assets product offering. 
 
 Operational Risk 
 Operational risk is the risk of loss arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, controls, people (e.g., human error or misconduct) or systems (e.g., technology problems), business continuity or external events (e.g., natural disasters), compliance, reputational, regulatory, or legal matters and includes those risks as they relate directly to us, fraud losses attributed to applications and any associated fines and monetary penalties as a result, transaction processing, or employees, as well as to third parties with whom we contract or otherwise do business. We rely on third-party computer systems and third-party providers to support and carry out certain functions on our platform, which are themselves susceptible to operational risk or which may rely on subcontractors to provide services to us that face similar risks. Any interruption in services or deterioration in the quality of the service or performance of such third-party systems or providers could be disruptive to our business and adversely affect our results of operations and the perception of the reliability of our networks and services and the quality of our brand. In addition, we may be subjected to member complaints, fines, subpoenas, civil investigative demands, litigation, disputes, regulatory investigations and other similar actions. We strive to manage operational risk, including operational risk associated with our reliance on third-party systems, through contractual provisions, our system design, and a robust third-party risk management process, which includes establishing policies and procedures to accomplish timely and efficient processing, obtaining periodic internal control attestations from management, conducting internal process Risk Control Self-Assessments and audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. Our operational risk, and the amount we invest in risk management, may increase as we introduce new products and product features, and as new threat actors and evolving threat vectors, such as account takeover tactics, increase and become more sophisticated. In order to be effective, among other things, our enterprise risk management capabilities must adapt and align to support any new product or loan features, capability, strategic development, or external change. 

126 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 SOFI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 128 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 130 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 132 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Temporary Equity and Permanent Equity (Deficit) 
 133 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 134 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 136 
 Note 1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards 
 136 
 Note 2. Business Combinations 
 151 
 Note 3. Revenue 
 154 
 Note 4. Loans 
 156 
 Note 5. Allowance for Credit Losses 
 162 
 Note 6. Investment Securities 
 164 
 Note 7. Securitization and Variable Interest Entities 
 166 
 Note 8. Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 167 
 Note 9. Property, Equipment, Software and Leases 
 169 
 Note 10. Other Assets and Other Liabilities 
 171 
 Note 11. Deposits 
 172 
 Note 12. Debt 
 173 
 Note 13. Equity 
 176 
 Note 14. Derivative Financial Instruments 
 181 
 Note 15. Fair Value Measurements 
 183 
 Note 16. Share-Based Compensation 
 191 
 Note 17. Income Taxes 
 194 
 Note 18. Commitments, Guarantees, Concentrations and Contingencies 
 197 
 Note 19. Loss Per Share 
 199 
 Note 20. Business Segment and Geographic Information 
 200 
 Note 21. Regulatory Capital 
 205 
 Note 22. Parent Company Condensed Financial Information 
 206 
 Note 23. Subsequent Events 
 210 

127 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of SoFi Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in temporary equity and permanent equity (deficit), and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 27, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Loans at fair value Refer to Notes 1, 4, and 15 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company has elected the fair value option to measure personal and student loans, which are classified as Level 3 instruments because the valuations utilize significant unobservable inputs. The Company determines the fair value of the loans using a discounted cash flow calculation, which is a form of the income approach, while also considering market data as it becomes available. Management estimates the future cash flows of each loan portfolio using key loan metrics and significant unobservable inputs. The significant unobservable assumptions used in the valuation model include conditional prepayment rate, annual default rate and discount rate. 
 We identified certain personal and student loans at fair value, as a critical audit matter because of the unobservable inputs management uses to estimate fair value. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the fair value measurement of the personal and student loans included the following, among others: 

128 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 We tested the effectiveness of internal controls over the fair value of personal and student loans, including management s controls over the evaluation of the reasonableness of unobservable inputs used in the valuation. 
 We tested the completeness and accuracy of the source information derived from the Company s loan data, which is used in the valuation model. 
 We evaluated the valuation models and the related assumptions, including significant unobservable inputs, and underlying loan data used by management. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we developed independent fair value estimates of certain personal and student loans at fair value and compared our estimates to the Company s estimates. 
 Goodwill Galileo and Technisys Reporting Units - Refer to Notes 1 and 8 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or whenever indicators of impairment exist. The Company s evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount. The Company determines the fair value of its reporting units using a combination of a discounted cash flow DCF calculation, which is a form of the income approach, and a market multiples calculation, which is a form of the market approach. The determination of the fair value of a reporting unit requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasted future revenues and cash flows, the discount rate, and the determination of market multiples. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on either the fair value of the reporting units, the amount of any goodwill impairment charge, or both. During the third quarter of 2023, the Company performed an interim quantitative assessment on the Galileo and Technisys reporting units. As a result of this assessment, the fair value of the Galileo and Technisys reporting units were determined to be below their carrying values by 9.9 and 14.8 , respectively, resulting in management recognizing goodwill impairment charges of 124.5 million and 122.7 million for the Galileo and Technisys reporting units, respectively. 
 We identified the Company s interim quantitative assessment performed on the Galileo and Technisys reporting units as a critical audit matter because of certain significant estimates and assumptions made by management to estimate the fair values of these reporting units. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists, when performing procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to the forecasted future revenues and cash flows, the discount rate, and the determination of market multiples, specifically due to the sensitivity of the fair value and the goodwill impairment charge to changes in the assumptions. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the significant estimates and assumptions made by management to estimate the fair value of the Galileo and Technisys reporting units used in the interim quantitative assessment included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management's interim quantitative impairment assessment, including those controls related to management s forecast of future revenues and cash flows, selection of discount rates and determination of market multiples. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation methodology and the key assumptions used in the assessment, including the selection of discount rates for which we tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculation, and developed a range of independent estimates and compared those to the discount rate selected by management. For the determination of market multiples, our specialist evaluated the peer set utilized, the selection and calculation of the multiples, and weighting of the multiples. 
 We evaluated management's ability to accurately forecast future revenues and cash flows by (1) understanding management s process for developing their forecasts, and (2) comparing the forecasts to historical results, projections utilized in the prior year goodwill impairment analysis, and forecasted information included in analyst and industry reports of the Company and companies in its peer group. 
 /s/ February 27, 2024 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

129 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In Thousands, Except for Share Data) 
 December 31, 2023 2022 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents Investment securities (includes available-for-sale securities of and at fair value with associated amortized cost of and , as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) 
 Loans held for sale, at fair value Loans held for investment, at fair value 
 Loans held for investment (less allowance for credit losses on loans at amortized cost of and as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) 
 Servicing rights Property, equipment and software Goodwill Intangible assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets (less allowance for credit losses of and as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) 
 Total assets Liabilities, temporary equity and permanent equity Liabilities: Deposits: Interest-bearing deposits Noninterest-bearing deposits Total deposits Accounts payable, accruals and other liabilities Operating lease liabilities Debt Residual interests classified as debt Total liabilities Commitments, guarantees, concentrations and contingencies (Note 18) 

Temporary equity (1) : 
 Redeemable preferred stock, par value: and shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Permanent equity: Common stock, par value: and shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively (2) 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total permanent equity Total liabilities, temporary equity and permanent equity 
 __________________ 
 (1) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 (2) non-voting common shares authorized and non-voting common shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. See Note 13. Equity for additional information. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

130 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued) 
 (In Thousands, Except for Share Data) 
 The following table presents the assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs which are included in our consolidated balance sheets. The assets in the below table may only be used to settle obligations of consolidated VIEs and are in excess of those obligations as of the dates presented. Additionally, the assets and liabilities in the table below exclude intercompany balances, which eliminate upon consolidation. 
 December 31, 2023 2022 Assets: Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents Loans held for sale, at fair value Loans held for investment, at fair value Total assets Liabilities: Accounts payable, accruals and other liabilities Debt Residual interests classified as debt Total liabilities 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

131 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (In Thousands, Except for Share and Per Share Data) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2023 2022 2021 Interest income 

Loans and securitizations 
 Other 
 Total interest income Interest expense 
 Securitizations and warehouses 
 Deposits Corporate borrowings Other 
 Total interest expense Net interest income Noninterest income 
 Loan origination, sales, and securitizations 
 Servicing 
 ) Technology products and solutions 
 Other 
 Total noninterest income Total net revenue Noninterest expense 
 Technology and product development 
 Sales and marketing 
 Cost of operations 
 General and administrative 
 Goodwill impairment Provision for credit losses Total noninterest expense Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, net 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) Loss per share (Note 19) 
 Loss per share basic ) ) ) Loss per share diluted ) ) ) Weighted average common stock outstanding basic Weighted average common stock outstanding diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

132 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Temporary Equity and Permanent Equity (Deficit) 
 (In Thousands, Except for Share Data) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Permanent Equity (Deficit) 
 Temporary Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2021 ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Equity-based payments to non-employees Vesting of RSUs ) Stock withheld related to taxes on vested RSUs ) ) ) Exercise of common stock options Redeemable preferred stock dividends ) ) Issuance of contingently issuable stock Conversion of common stock warrants issued in connection with Business Combination and PIPE Investment into permanent equity Issuance of common stock related to exercise of warrants Cancellation of redeemable preferred stock related to a business combination ) ) Conversion of redeemable preferred stock warrants into permanent equity Conversion of redeemable preferred stock to common stock ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with Business Combination and PIPE Investment Costs directly attributable to the issuance of common stock in connection with Business Combination and PIPE Investment ) ) Repurchase of redeemable common stock ) ) Change in par for historical SoFi common stock ) Purchase of capped calls ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 

) 
 ) 

Share-based compensation expense 
 Equity-based payments to non-employees 
 Vesting of RSUs ) Stock withheld related to taxes on vested RSUs ) ) ) Exercise of common stock options Issuance of common stock in acquisition Vested awards assumed in acquisition Redeemable preferred stock dividends ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Vesting of RSUs ) Stock withheld related to taxes on vested RSUs ) ) ) Exercise of common stock options Common stock retired ) Extinguishment of convertible notes by issuance of common stock 
 Redeemable preferred stock dividends ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of taxes 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 133 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In Thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Operating activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Share-based compensation expense Depreciation and amortization Goodwill impairment Deferred debt issuance and discount expense Gain on extinguishment of convertible debt 
 ) Provision for credit losses Deferred income taxes ) ) Fair value changes in loans held for investment 
 ) Fair value changes in residual interests classified as debt Fair value changes in securitization investments ) ) Fair value changes in warrant liabilities Equity method investment earnings 
 Other ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Changes in loans held for sale, net ) ) ) Changes in loans previously classified as held for sale, net 
 Servicing assets ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable, accruals and other liabilities ) Related party notes receivable interest income Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Investing activities Purchases of property, equipment and software 
 ) ) ) Capitalized software development costs ) ) Purchases of available-for-sale investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale investments Proceeds from maturities and paydowns of available-for-sale investments Changes in loans held for investment, net ) ) Proceeds from securitization investments Proceeds from non-securitization investments Purchases of non-securitization investments ) ) Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from repayment of related party notes receivable Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 134 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 (In Thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Financing activities Net change in deposits Net change in debt facilities ) Proceeds from other debt issuances Repayment of other debt ) ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of share-based awards ) ) ) Proceeds from stock option exercises Payment of redeemable preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Finance lease principal payments ) ) ) Purchases of common stock ) Redemptions of redeemable common and preferred stock ) Proceeds from Business Combination and PIPE Investment Payment of costs directly attributable to the issuance of common stock in connection with Business Combination and PIPE Investment ) Proceeds from warrant exercises Purchase of capped calls ) Payment of deferred equity costs ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents at end of period Reconciliation to amounts on consolidated balance sheets (as of period end) Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents Supplemental cash flow information Interest paid Income taxes paid, net Supplemental non-cash investing and financing activities Deposits credited but not yet received in cash Deconsolidation of securitization and residual debt Extinguishment of convertible notes by issuance of common stock Securitization investments acquired via loan transfers Derecognition of securitization investments Deposits assumed in acquisition Loans held for investment received in acquisition Available-for-sale securities received in acquisition 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 135 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

reportable segments: Lending, Technology Platform and Financial Services. Since its founding, SoFi has expanded its lending and financial services strategy to offer personal loans, home loans and credit cards. The Company also developed additional financial products, such as money management and investment product offerings, and has also leveraged its financial services platform to empower other businesses. The Company has continued to expand its product offerings through strategic acquisitions. During 2020, the Company expanded its investment product offerings into Hong Kong through the acquisition of 8 Limited, and also began to operate as a platform as a service for a variety of financial service providers, providing the infrastructure to facilitate core client-facing and back-end capabilities, such as account setup, account funding, direct deposit, authorizations and processing, payments functionality and check account balance features through the acquisition of Galileo. During 2022, the Company became a bank holding company and began operating as SoFi Bank, National Association, through its acquisition of Golden Pacific Bancorp, Inc., and expanded its platform to include a cloud-native digital and core banking platform with customers in Latin America through its acquisition of Technisys S.A., allowing the Company to expand its technology platform services to a broader international market. During 2023, the Company acquired Wyndham Capital Mortgage, a fintech mortgage lender. For additional information on our recent business combinations, see Note 2. Business Combinations . For additional information on our reportable segments, see Note 20. Business Segment and Geographic Information . 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Basis of Presentation 
 Use of Judgments, Assumptions and Estimates 
 136 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Variable Interest Entities 
 . 
 Refer to Note 7. Securitization and Variable Interest Entities for more details regarding our consolidated VIEs. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 137 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Transfers of Financial Assets 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents 
 138 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

Loans 
 139 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 period as adjustments to income through interest income loans and securitizations in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Credit card balances are reported as delinquent when they become 30 or more days past due. Credit card balances are charged off after 180 days of delinquency or on the date of the confirmed loss, at which time we stop accruing interest and fees and reverse all accrued but unpaid interest and fees through interest income as of such date. When a credit card balance is charged off, we record a reduction to the allowance and the credit card balance. When recovery payments are received against charged off credit card balances, we record a direct reduction to the provision for credit losses. Credit card receivables associated with alleged or potential fraudulent transactions are charged off through noninterest expense general and administrative in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Commercial and consumer banking loans are reported as delinquent when they become 30 or more days past due. For all commercial and consumer banking loans, we stop accruing interest and reverse all accrued but unpaid interest after 90 days of delinquency. For consumer banking loans, delinquent loans are charged off after 120 days of delinquency or on the date of confirmed loss. For commercial loans, performance is monitored on an individual loan basis and delinquent loans are charged off when collectability of interest and principal on the loan is not reasonably assured. 
 Senior secured loans are term loan arrangements secured by underlying loans owned by the debtor. Senior secured loans are reported as delinquent when they become 30 or more days past due, and are charged off after 120 days of delinquency or on the date of confirmed loss. 
 Financial Guarantees 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 140 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 141 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Servicing Rights 
 classes of servicing assets: personal loans, student loans and home loans. 
 See Note 15. Fair Value Measurements for the key inputs used in the fair value measurements of our classes of servicing rights. 
 142 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 See Note 6. Investment Securities for additional information on our investments in AFS debt securities. 
 Securitization Investments 
 
 See Note 15. Fair Value Measurements for the key inputs used in the fair value measurements of our residual investments and asset-backed bonds. 
 Investments in Equity Securities 
 143 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

Property, Equipment and Software 
 years). Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the respective lease term or the estimated lives of the leasehold improvements. 
 to years. Other costs are expensed as incurred. 
 See Note 9. Property, Equipment, Software and Leases for additional information on our property, equipment and software. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 See Note 2. Business Combinations and Note 8. Goodwill and Intangible Assets for further discussion of goodwill and intangible assets, including those recognized in connection with recent business combinations. 
 Leases 
 144 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 . Interest expense on finance leases is recognized for the difference between the present value of the lease liabilities and the scheduled lease payments within interest expense other in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 When a lease agreement is modified, we determine if the modification grants us the right to use an additional asset that is not included in the original lease contract and if the lease payments increase commensurate with the standalone price for the additional ROU asset. If both conditions are met, we account for the agreement as two separate contracts: (i) the original, unmodified contract and (ii) a separate contract for the additional ROU asset. If both conditions are not met, the modification is not evaluated as a separate contract. Instead, based on the nature of the modification, we: (i) reassess the lease classification on the modification date under the modified terms, and (ii) use the modified lease payments and discount rate to remeasure the lease liability and recognize any difference between the new lease liability and the old lease liability as an adjustment to the ROU asset. 
 See Note 9. Property, Equipment, Software and Leases for additional information on our leases. 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 See Note 14. Derivative Financial Instruments and Note 15. Fair Value Measurements for additional information on our derivative assets and liabilities. 
 145 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 See Note 15. Fair Value Measurements for the key inputs used in the fair value measurements of residual interests classified as debt. 
 Safeguarding Asset and Liability 
 third-party custodian. 
 
 See Note 15. Fair Value Measurements for additional information on the fair value measurement of the safeguarding liability and corresponding safeguarding asset. 
 Borrowings and Financing Costs 
 146 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 billion aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2026 (the convertible notes ). The convertible notes will mature on October 15, 2026, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. We will settle conversions by paying or delivering, at our election, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, based on the applicable conversion rate(s). The convertible notes will also be redeemable, in whole or in part, at our option at any time, and from time to time, on or after October 15, 2024 through the th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, at a cash redemption price equal to the principal amount of the convertible notes to be redeemed, plus accrued interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date, but only if certain liquidity conditions described in the indenture are satisfied and certain conditions are met with respect to the last reported sale price per share of our common stock prior to conversion. In December 2023, we entered into repurchase agreements to repurchase million aggregate principal amount of the convertible notes. See Note 12. Debt for more detailed disclosure of the term and features of the convertible notes. 
 We elected to evaluate each embedded feature of the arrangement individually. We concluded that each of the conversion rights, optional redemption rights, fundamental change make-whole provision and repurchase rights did not require bifurcation as derivative instruments, which we reevaluate each reporting period. The additional interest and special interest that accrue on the notes in the event of our failure to comply with certain registration or reporting requirements are required to be bifurcated from the host contract, as the reporting requirement triggering event is not clearly and closely related to the host convertible debt contract, and therefore we measure the contingent interest feature at fair value each reporting period. The value was determined to be immaterial; therefore, we accounted for the convertible notes wholly as debt, which was recognized on the settlement date. Accordingly, we allocated all debt issuance costs to the debt instrument on the basis of materiality. 
 In connection with the pricing of the convertible notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain financial institutions, as defined and further discussed below. 
 Redeemable Preferred Stock 
 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments 
 147 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Capped Call Transactions 
 See Note 13. Equity for additional information on the Capped Call Transactions. 
 Interest Income 
 
 Loan Origination and Sales Activities 
 Loan Commitments 
 148 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 See Derivative Financial Instruments in this Note for additional information on our derivative instruments. 
 See Note 15. Fair Value Measurements for the key inputs used in the fair value measurements of our loan commitments. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 See Note 3. Revenue for additional information on our revenue recognition policy within each revenue stream. 
 
 Advertising, Sales and Marketing 
 , and , respectively. 
 
 Technology and Product Development 
 Loss Contingencies 
 See Note 18. Commitments, Guarantees, Concentrations and Contingencies for discussion of contingent matters. 
 149 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 within the following categories of expenses within noninterest expense : (i) technology and product development , (ii) sales and marketing , (iii) cost of operations , and (iv) general and administrative in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss associated with a reduction in headcount in the Technology Platform segment in the first quarter of 2023, as well as expenses in the fourth quarter of 2023 related to a reduction in headcount across the Financial Services, Lending and corporate functions, which primarily included employee-related wages, benefits and severance. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 , and for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Compensation and benefits expenses are presented within the following categories of expenses within noninterest expense : (i) technology and product development , (ii) sales and marketing , (iii) cost of operations , and (iv) general and administrative in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 See Note 16. Share-Based Compensation for further discussion of share-based compensation. 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Related Parties 
 
 150 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

million as a result of the reverse recapitalization, which was then reduced by: (i) a redemption of redeemable common stock (classified as temporary equity) of million, (ii) a special payment made to our 
 151 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 million (which was expensed as incurred), and (iii) our equity issuance costs of million, consisting of advisory, legal, share registration and other professional fees, which were recorded within additional paid-in capital as a reduction of proceeds. 
 In connection with the Business Combination, SCH entered into subscription agreements with certain investors (the Third Party PIPE Investors ), whereby it issued shares of common stock at per share PIPE Shares for an aggregate purchase price of billion PIPE Investment ), which closed simultaneously with the consummation of the Business Combination. Upon the Closing, the PIPE Shares were automatically converted into shares of SoFi Technologies common stock on a -for-one basis. 
 Upon the Closing, holders of Social Finance common stock received shares of SoFi Technologies common stock in an amount determined by application of the exchange ratio of Exchange Ratio ), which was based on Social Finance s implied price per share prior to the Business Combination. Additionally, holders of Social Finance preferred stock (with the exception of the Series 1 preferred stockholders) received shares of SoFi Technologies common stock in amounts determined by application of either the Exchange Ratio or a multiplier of the Exchange Ratio, as provided by the Agreement. 
 Acquisition of Golden Pacific Bancorp, Inc. 
 On February 2, 2022, we acquired Golden Pacific, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of March 8, 2021 by and among the Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Golden Pacific. In the business combination, we acquired all of the outstanding equity interests in Golden Pacific for total cash purchase consideration of million (the Bank Merger ). The acquisition was not determined to be a significant acquisition. After closing the Bank Merger, we became a bank holding company and Golden Pacific began operating as SoFi Bank. We are duly registered as a bank holding company with the Federal Reserve. SoFi Bank is a national banking association whose primary federal regulator is the OCC. Deposit accounts of SoFi Bank are insured by the FDIC through the Deposit Insurance Fund to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 The closing of the Bank Merger was subject to regulatory approval. On January 18, 2022, we received approval from the Federal Reserve of our application to become a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act, and we received conditional approval from the OCC to close the Bank Merger. The OCC also approved our application to change the composition of Golden Pacific s assets in connection with the Bank Merger. The OCC conditional approval imposed a number of conditions, including that SoFi Bank have initial paid-in capital of no less than million and adhere to an operating agreement. Golden Pacific s community bank business continues to operate as a division of SoFi Bank. 
 A portion of the total cash purchase consideration million) was held back by the Company to satisfy any indemnification or certain other obligations Holdback Amount ), as certain legal proceedings with which Golden Pacific is involved as a plaintiff were not resolved at the time the Bank Merger closed. During 2022, we incurred costs associated with the litigation involving Golden Pacific as a plaintiff in excess of the Holdback Amount. Therefore, of the Holdback Amount will be released to the Golden Pacific shareholders. Additionally, we held back a million payable to a dissenting Golden Pacific shareholder pending resolution of the shareholder s dissenter s rights appraisal claim. During the fourth quarter of 2023, the appraisal claim was settled and payment was released. 
 Acquisition of Technisys S.A. 
 On March 3, 2022, we acquired Technisys S.A., a Luxembourg soci t anonyme, Technisys ), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of February 19, 2022 and amended as of March 3, 2022, by and among the Company, Technisys, Atom New Delaware, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Atom, and Atom Merger Sub Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of SoFi Technologies (the Technisys Merger ). In the business combination, we acquired all of the outstanding equity interests in Technisys for a preliminary purchase consideration of million. During the third quarter of 2022, we finalized the closing net working capital calculation specified in the merger agreement, which resulted in a reduction to the equity consideration of shares, representing an adjustment to the total purchase consideration of , and a corresponding reduction to the carrying value of recognized goodwill. The remaining shares that were held in escrow associated with the working capital calculation were released to the former Technisys shareholders. The finalized closing net working capital calculation did not impact the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in conjunction with the transaction. 
 152 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Amounts payable to settle vested employee performance awards 
 Fair value of awards assumed (2) 
 Settlement of pre-combination transactions between acquirer and acquiree Total purchase consideration 
 
 ___________________ 
 (1) Reflects the shares of SoFi common stock issued in the acquisition of , multiplied by the closing stock price of SoFi common stock on the closing date of the Technisys Merger. Additionally, these shares are inclusive of shares that were held in escrow. 
 
 We settled vested employee performance awards, which were a component of the purchase consideration above, with payments during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 of and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we released escrow shares during the second and fourth quarters of 2023. The remaining shares continue to be held in escrow pending resolution of outstanding indemnification claims by SoFi. 
 Net loss ) ) 
 The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information is presented for comparative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the actual results of operations that would have been achieved, nor is it indicative of future results of operations. The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information reflects pro forma adjustments that give effect to applying the Company s accounting policies and certain events the Company believes to be directly attributable to the acquisition. The pro forma adjustments primarily include: 
 incremental straight-line amortization expense associated with acquired intangible assets; 
 an adjustment to reflect post-combination share-based compensation expense associated with the Replacement Awards as if the conversion had occurred on January 1, 2020; 
 an adjustment to reflect acquisition-related costs for both parties as if they were incurred during the earliest period presented; and 
 the related income tax effects, at the statutory tax rate applicable for each period, of the pro forma adjustments noted above. 
 The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information does not give effect to any anticipated cost savings, operating efficiencies or other synergies that may be associated with the acquisition, or any estimated costs that have been or will be incurred by the Company to integrate the assets and operations of Technisys. 
 Acquisition of Wyndham Capital Mortgage 
 On April 3, 2023, we acquired all of the outstanding equity interests in Wyndham for cash consideration. With the acquisition of Wyndham, a fintech mortgage lender, we broadened our suite of home loan products and now manage the technology for a digitized mortgage experience. The acquisition is being accounted for as a business combination. The purchase consideration is being allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the total purchase consideration over the fair value of the net assets acquired is allocated to goodwill, which is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The fair value estimates are subject to change for up 
 153 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

154 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Disaggregated Revenue 
 revenues from contracts with customers attributable to our Lending segment for any of the years presented. 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2023 2022 2021 Financial Services 
 Referrals 
 Interchange 
 Brokerage 
 Other (1) 
 Total financial services 
 Technology Platform (2) 
 Technology services 
 Other (1) 
 Total technology platform 
 Total revenue from contracts with customers 
 Other Sources of Revenue Loan origination, sales, and securitizations Servicing ) Other Total other sources of revenue Total noninterest income _____________________ 
 (1) Financial Services includes revenues from enterprise services and equity capital markets services. Technology Platform includes revenues from software licenses and associated services, and payment network fees for serving as a transaction card program manager for enterprise customers that are the program marketers for separate card programs. 
 and as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which are presented within accounts payable, accruals and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recognized revenue of , and , respectively, associated with deferred revenue within noninterest income technology products and solutions 
 Contract Balances 
 and , respectively, which were reported within other assets 
 155 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

Student loans (2) 
 Home loans Total loans held for sale, at fair value Loans held for investment (3) 
 Student loans (4) 
 Total loans held for investment, at fair value 
 Senior secured loans 
 Credit card 
 Commercial and consumer banking: Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Residential real estate and other consumer Total commercial and consumer banking Total loans held for investment, at amortized cost (3) 
 Total loans held for investment 
 Total loans 
 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Includes and of personal loans in consolidated VIEs as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) Includes of student loans in consolidated VIEs as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) See Note 1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards and Note 5. Allowance for Credit Losses for additional information on our loans at amortized cost as it pertains to the allowance for credit losses. 
 (4) As of December 31, 2023, includes of student loans covered by financial guarantees, and of student loans in consolidated VIEs. 
 156 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Accumulated interest Cumulative fair value adjustments 
 ) Total fair value of loans (1) 
 December 31, 2022 Unpaid principal Accumulated interest Cumulative fair value adjustments 
 ) Total fair value of loans (1) 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Each component of the fair value of loans is impacted by charge-offs during the period. Our fair value assumption for annual default rate incorporates fair value markdowns on loans beginning when they are 10 days or more delinquent, with additional markdowns at 30, 60 and 90 days past due. 
 The following table summarizes the aggregate fair value of loans 90 days or more delinquent. As delinquent personal loans and student loans are charged off after 120 days of delinquency, amounts presented below represent the fair value of loans that are 90 to 120 days delinquent. 
 
 Personal Loans Student Loans 
 Home Loans 
 Total 
 December 31, 2023 Unpaid principal balance 
 Accumulated interest 
 Cumulative fair value adjustments (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Fair value of loans 90 days or more delinquent December 31, 2022 Unpaid principal balance 
 Accumulated interest 
 Cumulative fair value adjustments (1) 
 ) ) ) Fair value of loans 90 days or more delinquent 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Our fair value assumption for annual default rate incorporates fair value markdowns on loans beginning when they are 10 days or more delinquent, with additional markdowns at 30, 60 and 90 days past due. 
 Transfers of Financial Assets 
 We regularly transfer financial assets and account for such transfers as either sales or secured borrowings depending on the facts and circumstances of the transfer. When a transfer of financial assets qualifies as a sale, in many instances we have continuing involvement as the servicer of those financial assets. As we expect the benefits of servicing to be more than just adequate, we recognize a servicing asset. Further, in the case of securitization-related transfers that qualify as sales, we have additional continuing involvement as an investor, albeit at insignificant levels relative to the expected gains and losses of the securitization. In instances where a transfer is accounted for as a secured borrowing, we perform servicing (but we do not recognize a servicing asset) and typically maintain a significant investment relative to the expected gains and losses of the securitization. In whole loan sales, we do not have a residual financial interest in the loans, nor do we have any other power over the loans that would constrain us from recognizing a sale. Additionally, we generally have no repurchase requirements related to transfers of personal loans, student loans and non-GSE home loans other than standard origination representations and warranties, for which we record a liability based on expected repurchase obligations. For GSE home loans, we have customary 
 157 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Securitization investments Servicing assets recognized Repurchase liabilities recognized 
 ) Total consideration Aggregate unpaid principal balance and accrued interest of loans sold Gain from loan sales 
 Student loans Fair value of consideration received: Cash Securitization investments Servicing assets recognized Total consideration Aggregate unpaid principal balance and accrued interest of loans sold Gain from loan sales 

Deconsolidation of debt reflects the impacts of previously consolidated VIEs that became deconsolidated during the period because we no longer hold a significant financial interest in the underlying securitization entity, which can fluctuate from period to period. Gains and losses on deconsolidations are presented within noninterest income loan origination, sales, and securitizations in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we had deconsolidation of debt on student loans of million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had deconsolidation of debt on personal loans of million and on student loans of million. For all periods, the impact on earnings from these deconsolidations was immaterial. 
 158 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Servicing assets recognized Repurchase liabilities recognized ) ) ) Total consideration received Aggregate unpaid principal balance and accrued interest of loans sold Realized gain 
 Student loans Fair value of consideration received: Cash Servicing assets recognized Repurchase liabilities recognized ) ) ) Total consideration Aggregate unpaid principal balance and accrued interest of loans sold Realized gain 
 Home loans Fair value of consideration received: Cash Servicing assets recognized Repurchase liabilities recognized ) ) ) Total consideration Aggregate unpaid principal balance and accrued interest of loans sold Realized gain (loss) 
 ) 
 
 For certain transferred loans that qualified for sale accounting and are, therefore, off-balance sheet, we have continuing involvement through our servicing agreements. For such loans, our exposure to loss is generally limited to the extent we would be required to repurchase such a loan due to a breach of representations and warranties associated with the loan transfer or servicing contract. 
 Total loans in delinquency Total transferred loans serviced (1) 
 December 31, 2022 Loans in delinquency (30+ days past due) Total loans in delinquency Total transferred loans serviced (1) 
 _____________________ 
 159 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Charge-offs, net of recoveries, of transferred loans 
 Student loans 
 Servicing fees collected from transferred loans 
 Charge-offs, net of recoveries, of transferred loans 
 Home loans Servicing fees collected from transferred loans 
 Total 
 Charge-offs, net of recoveries, of transferred loans 
 
 Loans Measured at Amortized Cost 
 Loan Portfolio Composition and Aging 
 Credit card Commercial and consumer banking: Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Residential real estate and other consumer (3) 
 Total commercial and consumer banking Total loans December 31, 2022 Credit card Commercial and consumer banking: Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Residential real estate and other consumer (3) 
 Total commercial and consumer banking 
 Total loans 
 _____________________ 
 (1) All of the credit cards 90 days past due continued to accrue interest. As of the dates indicated, there were credit cards on nonaccrual status. As of the dates indicated, commercial and consumer banking loans on nonaccrual status were immaterial. 
 160 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 and as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively, and accrued interest of and , respectively. For senior secured loans, the balance is presented before accrued interest of as of December 31, 2023. For commercial and consumer banking, the balance is presented before allowance for credit losses of and , as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively, and accrued interest of and , respectively. 
 (3) Includes residential real estate loans originated by Golden Pacific for which we did not elect the fair value option. 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 Credit Card 
 780 799 760 779 740 759 720 739 700 719 680 699 660 679 640 659 620 639 600 619 599 Total credit card 
 Commercial and Consumer Banking 
 We analyze loans in our commercial and consumer banking portfolio by classification based on their associated credit risk, and perform an analysis on an ongoing basis as new information is obtained. Risk rating classifications are further described below. Loans with a lower expectation of credit losses are classified as Pass, while loans with a higher expectation of credit losses are classified as Substandard. 
 Pass Loans that management believes will fully repay in accordance with the contractual loan terms. 
 Watch Loans that management believes will fully repay in accordance with the contractual loan terms, but for which certain credit attributes have changed from origination and warrant further monitoring. 
 Special mention Loans with a potential weakness or weaknesses that deserves management s close attention. If left uncorrected, the potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or our credit position at some future date. 
 Substandard Loans that are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the full repayment. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that we will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 161 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Watch Special mention Substandard Total commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Pass Watch Substandard Total commercial and industrial Residential real estate and other consumer Pass Watch Total residential real estate and other consumer Total commercial and consumer banking 

162 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Provision for credit losses (2) 
 Allowance for PCD loans (3) 
 Write-offs charged against the allowance 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Provision for credit losses (2) 
 Write-offs charged against the allowance 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Credit cards and commercial and consumer banking loans measured at amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses, are presented within loans held for investment in the consolidated balance sheets. Accounts receivable balances, net of allowance for credit losses, are presented within other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) The provision for credit losses on credit cards and commercial and consumer banking loans is presented within noninterest expense provision for credit losses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss . During the year ended December 31, 2023, recoveries of amounts previously reserved related to credit cards were , and during the year ended December 31, 2022. There were immaterial recoveries of amounts previously reserved related to commercial and consumer banking loans during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. The provision for credit losses on accounts receivable is presented within noninterest expense general and administrative in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, recoveries of amounts previously reserved related to accounts receivable were and , respectively. 
 (3) In connection with the Bank Merger, we obtained PCD loans, for which we measured an allowance, with a corresponding increase to the amortized cost basis as of the acquisition date. Therefore, recognition of the initial allowance for credit losses did not impact earnings. 
 Credit card: Accrued interest receivables written off by reversing interest income were million and million during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 163 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

) Multinational securities (2) 
 ) Corporate bonds ) Agency mortgage-backed securities ) Other asset-backed securities ) Other (3) 
 ) Total investments in AFS debt securities ) December 31, 2022 U.S. Treasury securities ) Multinational securities (2) 
 ) Corporate bonds ) Agency mortgage-backed securities ) Other asset-backed securities ) Other (3) 
 ) Total investments in AFS debt securities ) _____________________ 
 (1) As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, we concluded that there was no credit loss attributable to securities in unrealized loss positions, as (i) and of the amortized cost basis of our investments as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively, was composed of U.S. Treasury securities, agency mortgage-backed securities and sovereign foreign bonds, which are of high credit quality and have no risk of credit-related impairment due to the nature of the counterparties and history of no credit losses, and (ii) we have not identified factors indicating credit-related impairment for the remaining investments and expect that the contractual principal and interest payments will be received. Additionally, we do not intend to sell the securities in loss positions nor is it more likely than not that we will be required to sell the securities prior to recovery of the amortized cost basis. 
 (2) Includes supranational and sovereign foreign bonds. 
 (3) Includes state and city municipal bond securities. 
 164 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 ) ) ) Multinational securities ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Other asset-backed securities ) ) Other ) ) Total investments in AFS debt securities ) ) ) December 31, 2022 U.S. Treasury securities ) ) ) Multinational securities ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) Agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Other asset-backed securities ) ) Other ) ) ) Total investments in AFS debt securities ) ) ) 
 Multinational securities Corporate bonds Agency mortgage-backed securities Other asset-backed securities Other Total investments in AFS debt securities Weighted average yield for investments in AFS debt securities (1) 
 
 165 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Multinational securities Corporate bonds Agency mortgage-backed securities Other asset-backed securities Other Total investments in AFS debt securities _____________________ 
 (1) The weighted average yield represents the effective yield for the investment securities owned at the end of the period and is computed based on the amortized cost of each security . 
 (2) Presentation of fair values of our investments in AFS debt securities by contractual maturity excludes total accrued interest of and as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 Gross realized gains and losses on our investments in AFS debt securities were and , respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2023, and were during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 there were no transfers between classifications of our investments in AFS debt securities. See Note 13. Equity for unrealized gains and losses on our investments in AFS debt securities and amounts reclassified out of AOCI. 
 Securitization Investments 
 Student loans Securitization investments 

166 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 consolidated VIEs, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we established consolidated VIE and consolidated previously nonconsolidated VIE, and exercised securitization clean up calls related to consolidated VIEs. The assets of consolidated VIEs that were included in our consolidated balance sheets may only be used to settle obligations of consolidated VIEs and were in excess of those obligations as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. Intercompany balances are eliminated upon consolidation. 
 Nonconsolidated VIEs 
 We have created and designed personal loan and student loan trusts to transfer associated credit and interest rate risk associated with the loans through the issuance of collateralized notes and residual certificates. We have a variable interest in the nonconsolidated loan trusts, as we own collateralized notes and residual certificates in the loan trusts that absorb variability. We also have continuing, non-controlling involvement with the trusts as the servicer. As servicer, we may have the power to perform the activities which most impact the economic performance of the VIE, but since either we hold an insignificant financial interest in the trusts or rights held by other variable interest holders convey power, we are not the primary beneficiary. This financial interest represents the equity ownership interest in the loan trusts, wherein there is an obligation to absorb losses and the right to receive benefits from residual certificate ownership. The maximum exposure to loss as a result of our involvement with the nonconsolidated VIEs is limited to our investment. We did not provide financial support to any nonconsolidated VIEs beyond our initial equity investment. There are no liquidity arrangements, guarantees or other commitments by third parties that may affect the fair value or risk of our variable interests in nonconsolidated VIEs. 
 As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, we had investments in and nonconsolidated VIEs, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we established nonconsolidated trust, exercised a securitization clean up call on nonconsolidated VIE and collapsed the associated trust, as well as consolidated previously nonconsolidated VIE. 

Less: accumulated impairment 
 Beginning balance, net 
 Additional goodwill recognized (1) 
 Goodwill impairment (2) 
 ) Ending balance (3) 
 
 _____________________ 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2023, related to the acquisition of Wyndham, which is attributable to our Lending reportable segment. For the year ended December 31, 2022, includes related to the Technisys Merger and related to the Bank Merger. 
 (2) During the year ended December 31, 2023, we recognized goodwill impairment losses related to our Technology Platform reportable segment, which were reported within noninterest expense goodwill impairment in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. These goodwill impairment losses represent non-cash charges and did not affect our liquidity position or regulatory capital ratios. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2023, goodwill attributable to the Lending, Technology Platform and Financial services reportable segments was , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, goodwill attributable to the Technology Platform and Financial services reportable segments was and , respectively. 
 167 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 ) Customer-related 
 ) Trade names, trademarks and domain names 
 ) Core banking infrastructure (2) 
 n/a ) Capitalized software development costs (3) 
 ) Core deposits 
 ) Broker-dealer license and trading rights 
 ) Total 

) 
 December 31, 2022 Developed technology 
 ) Customer-related 
 ) Trade names, trademarks and domain names 
 ) Core banking infrastructure (2) 
 n/a ) Capitalized software development costs (3) 
 ) Core deposits 
 ) Broker-dealer license and trading rights 
 ) Total 
 
 ) 
 _____________________ 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company acquired in developed technology related to the acquisition of Wyndham. 
 (2) Although the core banking infrastructure intangible asset was fully amortized as of December 31, 2023, it remains in use by the Company. 
 (3) Includes capitalized costs related to software products to be sold, leased or marketed within our technology products and solutions arrangements. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the increase in capitalized software development costs relates to increased Technology Platform activity. During the year ended December 31, 2023, total amortization expense related to capitalized software was , and capitalized share-based compensation related to capitalized software development costs was immaterial. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, amortization expense associated with intangible assets was , and , respectively. There were abandonments or impairments during any of the years presented. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 168 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

) Leasehold improvements ) Computer hardware ) Furniture and fixtures ) Finance lease ROU assets (2) 
 ) Building and land ) Total ) December 31, 2022 Software (1) 
 ) Leasehold improvements ) Computer hardware ) Furniture and fixtures ) Finance lease ROU assets (2) 
 ) Building and land ) Total ) 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Software primarily includes internally-developed software related to significant developments and enhancements for our products. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we capitalized , and , respectively, of share-based compensation related to internally-developed software, and recognized associated amortization expense of , and , respectively. 
 (2) Finance lease ROU assets include our rights to certain physical signage within SoFi Stadium. See below for additional information on our leases. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, total depreciation and amortization expense associated with property, equipment and software, inclusive of the amortization of capitalized share-based compensation, was , and , respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recognized property, equipment and software abandonment and impairments, and had immaterial losses on disposals. 
 Leases and Occupancy 
 Leases 
 We primarily lease our office premises under multi-year, non-cancelable operating leases. Our operating leases have terms expiring from 2024 to 2040, exclusive of renewal option periods. Our office leases contain renewal option periods ranging from three to from the expiration dates. These options were not recognized as part of our ROU assets and operating lease liabilities, as we did not conclude at the commencement date of the leases that we were reasonably certain to exercise these options. However, in our normal course of business, we expect our office leases to be renewed, amended or replaced by other leases. Our finance leases expire in 2040. 
 Our operating and finance leases include leases from our September 2019 agreements associated with being the named sponsor of SoFi Stadium, which includes the stadium itself, a performance venue and a future shopping district. Operating leases that commenced in September 2020 included our rights to use multi-purpose stadium suites, for which we elected the practical expedient to not bifurcate the lease component from the non-lease components, and our rights to certain event space 
 169 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Finance lease cost amortization of ROU assets 
 Finance lease cost interest expense on lease liabilities 
 Short-term lease cost 
 Variable lease cost (1) 
 Sublease income 
 ) ) Total lease cost 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 
 Operating cash outflows from operating leases 
 Operating cash outflows from finance leases 
 Financing cash outflows from finance leases 
 Supplemental non-cash information Non-cash operating lease ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities (2) 
 ) 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Variable lease cost includes non-lease components classified as lease costs, such as common area maintenance fees, property taxes and utilities, that vary in amount for reasons other than the passage of time. We elected the practical expedient to not bifurcate the lease component from the non-lease components. 
 (2) For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, includes and , respectively, of operating lease ROU assets obtained through acquisitions. Also includes impacts from lease modifications. 
 Supplemental balance sheet information related to our leases was as follows: 
 
 December 31, 
 2023 2022 Operating Leases 

ROU assets 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) 
 Weighted average discount rate 
 Finance Leases 
 ROU assets (1) 
 Finance lease liabilities (2) 
 Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) 
 Weighted average discount rate 
 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Finance lease ROU assets are presented within property, equipment and software in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 170 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Less: imputed interest ) ) Lease liabilities 
 Occupancy 
 Occupancy-related costs, which primarily relate to the operations of our leased office spaces, were , , and for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Occupancy-related expenses are presented within the following categories of expenses within noninterest expense : (i) technology and product development , (ii) sales and marketing , (iii) cost of operations , and (iv) general and administrative in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Prepaid expenses and capitalized contract costs (2) 
 Credit default swap (3) 
 Restricted investments (4) 
 Investments in equity securities (5) 
 Digital assets safeguarding asset (6) 
 Derivative financial instruments (7) 
 Other Other assets _____________________ 
 (1) Includes accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses, associated with revenue from contracts with customers, deposit-related receivables and other receivables. See Note 5. Allowance for Credit Losses for information on the allowance for credit losses on accounts receivable. 
 (2) Includes capitalized incremental costs of obtaining certain contracts of as of December 31, 2023 which are amortized over the life of the account through noninterest expense sales and marketing on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 (3) We entered into a credit default swap related to our student loans which meets the definition of a financial guarantee and is excluded from derivative accounting treatment. We apply the insurance contract claim method by deferring the full estimated amount of premiums paid and payable at inception. 
 (4) Includes investments in FRB stock and FHLB stock, which are restricted investment securities that are not marketable. These investments are carried at cost and assessed for impairment. 
 (5) As of December 31, 2023, primarily included an investment that was entered into in 2021 and recorded as an equity method investment until January 2022 in conjunction with relinquishing our seat on the investee s board of directors. Our equity method investment income for the year ended December 31, 2023 was immaterial and we did not receive any distributions. 
 (6) See Note 1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards and Note 15. Fair Value Measurements for additional information on the digital assets safeguarding asset. 
 171 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Credit default swap (2) 
 Accounts payable Accrued interest Deferred tax liabilities, net (3) 
 Finance lease liability (4) 
 Digital assets safeguarding liability (5) 
 Deferred revenue (6) 
 Derivative financial instruments (7) 
 Other Accounts payable, accruals and other liabilities _____________________ 
 (1) Includes accrued compensation and compensation-related expenses, accrued taxes and other accrued expenses. 
 (2) See footnote (3) to the table above. 
 (3) See Note 17. Income Taxes for additional information on income taxes. 
 (4) See Note 9. Property, Equipment, Software and Leases for additional information on finance leases. 
 (5) See Note 1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards and Note 15. Fair Value Measurements for additional information on the digital assets safeguarding liability. 
 (6) See Note 3. Revenue for additional information on deferred revenue. 
 (7) See Note 14. Derivative Financial Instruments and Note 15. Fair Value Measurements for additional information on derivative financial instruments. 

Demand deposits (1) 
 Time deposits (1)(2) 
 Total interest-bearing deposits _____________________ 
 (1) As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, includes brokered deposits of and , respectively, of which and , respectively, are time deposits and and , respectively, are demand deposits. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the amount of time deposits that exceeded the insured limit (referred to as uninsured deposits totaled and , respectively. 
 172 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 2025 2026 2028 Total 

January 2024 January 2032 

Student loan warehouse facilities 

April 2024 December 2026 

Credit card warehouse facility 

June 2025 

Risk retention warehouse facilities (6) 

January 2024 October 2027 

Revolving credit facility (7) 

April 2028 

Other Debt 

Convertible senior notes (8) 

October 2026 

Other financing (9) 

Securitizations 

Personal loan securitizations 

September 2030 May 2031 

Student loan securitizations 

May 2040 August 2048 

Total, before unamortized debt issuance costs, premiums and discounts 

Less: unamortized debt issuance costs, premiums and discounts 

) 
 ) Total debt 

_____________________ 
 (1) As of December 31, 2023, represents the total of the unpaid principal balances within each debt category, with the exception of the risk retention warehouse facilities, which include securitization-related investments carried at fair value. In addition, certain securitization interests that eliminate in consolidation are pledged to risk retention warehouse facilities. Collateral balances relative to debt balances may vary period to period due to the timing of the next scheduled payment to the warehouse facility. 
 (2) For variable-rate debt, the ranges of stated interest rates are based on the interest rates in effect as of December 31, 2023. The interest on our variable-rate debt is typically designed as a reference rate plus a spread. Reference rates as of December 31, 2023 included overnight SOFR, one-month SOFR, three-month SOFR, prime rate and commercial paper rates determined by the facility lenders. As debt arrangements are renewed, the reference rate and/or spread are subject to change. Unused commitment fees ranging from to bps on our various warehouse facilities are recognized within noninterest expense general and administrative in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 (3) Weighted average effective interest rates are calculated based on the interest rates in effect as of December 31, 2023 and include the amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 (4) For securitization debt, the maturity of the notes issued by the various trusts occurs upon either the maturity of the loan collateral or full payment of the loan collateral held in the trusts. Our maturity date represents the legal maturity of the last class of maturing notes. Securitization debt matures as loan collateral payments are made. 
 (5) There were debt discounts or premiums issued during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 (6) For risk retention warehouse facilities, we only state capacity amounts for facilities wherein we can pledge additional asset-backed bonds and residual investments as of the balance sheet date. 
 (7) As of December 31, 2023, million of the revolving credit facility total capacity was not available for general borrowing purposes because it was utilized to secure letters of credit. Refer to our letter of credit disclosures in Note 18. Commitments, Guarantees, Concentrations and Contingencies for more details. Additionally, the interest rate presented is the interest rate on standard withdrawals on our revolving credit facility, while same-day withdrawals incur interest based on the prime rate. 
 173 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 million, million and million, respectively, and the effective interest rate was , and , respectively, related to amortization of debt discount and issuance costs. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, unamortized debt discount and issuance costs were million and million, respectively, and the net carrying amount was billion and billion, respectively. 
 (9) Includes million of loans and million of investment securities pledged as collateral to secure million of available borrowing capacity with the FHLB, of which million was not available as it was utilized to secure letters of credit. Refer to our letter of credit disclosures in Note 18. Commitments, Guarantees, Concentrations and Contingencies for more details. Also includes unsecured available borrowing capacity of million with correspondent banks. 
 The total accrued interest payable on borrowings of and as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, was presented within accounts payable, accruals and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 In October 2021, we issued billion aggregate principal amount of convertible notes due 2026, pursuant to an indenture, dated October 4, 2021, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The convertible notes are unsecured, unsubordinated obligations. The convertible notes do not bear regular interest. The convertible notes will mature on October 15, 2026, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. 
 The net proceeds from the offering were billion, after deducting the initial purchasers discount of million, and before the cost of the Capped Call Transactions, as described below, and offering expenses payable by the Company. The debt issuance costs of million included third-party legal and accounting fees. The original issue discount and debt issuance costs are amortized into interest expense corporate borrowings in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss using the effective interest method over the contractual term of the convertible notes. 
 In December 2023, the Company entered into separate, privately negotiated repurchase agreements with a limited number of holders of the convertible notes to repurchase million aggregate principal amount of the convertible notes, which were settled through the issuance of shares of common stock. Following these repurchases, billion aggregate principal amount of the convertible notes remain outstanding. 
 These transactions were determined to be an extinguishment of debt. The difference between the consideration used to repurchase the convertible notes and the carrying value of the convertible notes, less retirement of discount and issuance costs, resulted in a gain on extinguishment of million recorded within noninterest income other in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 We used a portion of the net proceeds from the October 2021 offering to fund the cost of entering into the Capped Call Transactions, as described in Note 13. Equity . The remainder of the net proceeds from the offering were used to pay related expenses and were allocated for general corporate purposes. All of these transactions are expected to remain in effect notwithstanding the December 2023 repurchases. 
 Conversion 
 The convertible notes are convertible by the noteholders prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding April 15, 2026 if certain conditions related to the Company s share price are met, there are certain corporate events or distributions of the Company s stock, or the Company calls the notes for redemption, each as set forth in the indenture. On and after April 15, 2026 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, the convertible notes are freely convertible by the noteholders. The conversion rate is 44.6150 shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of convertible notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share of our common stock. As of December 31, 2023, the convertible notes are potentially convertible into shares of common stock. 
 Settlement 
 We will settle conversions by paying or delivering, at our election, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, based on the applicable conversion rate(s). If we elect to deliver cash or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, then the consideration due upon conversion will be determined over an observation period consisting of VWAP Trading Days (as defined in the indenture). The conversion rate and conversion price will be 
 174 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, at a cash redemption price equal to the principal amount of the convertible notes to be redeemed, plus accrued interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date, but only if certain liquidity conditions described in the indenture are satisfied and certain conditions are met with respect to the last reported sale price per share of our common stock prior to conversion. In addition, calling any note for redemption will also constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to that note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption. 
 See Note 1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards for our accounting policy as it relates to the convertible notes. 
 Material Changes to Debt Arrangements 
 On April 28, 2023, we entered into an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ), which amended and restated the Revolving Credit Agreement Original Credit Agreement ), dated as of September 27, 2018, among Social Finance, Inc., the lenders party thereto, the issuing banks party thereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement amended and restated the Original Credit Agreement to, among other things, (i) increase the initial aggregate commitment to million, (ii) extend the maturity date of the revolving credit facility to the date that is after the closing date, (iii) change the borrower entity under the revolving credit facility to SoFi Technologies, Inc., (iv) replace LIBOR as the term benchmark rate applicable to revolving loans denominated in U.S. dollars with a benchmark rate equal to Term SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment of , and (v) effect certain other changes. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants that require the Company to maintain a certain amount of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and to meet certain risk-based capital ratios and a leverage ratio. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we opened personal loan warehouse facilities with an aggregate maximum available capacity of billion, student loan warehouse facilities with an aggregate maximum available capacity of million and closed risk retention warehouse facility. 
 Our warehouse and securitization debt is secured by a continuing lien and security interest in the loans financed by the proceeds. Within each of our debt facilities, we must comply with certain operating and financial covenants. These financial covenants include, but are not limited to, maintaining: (i) a certain minimum tangible net worth, (ii) minimum unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, (iii) a maximum leverage ratio of total debt to tangible net worth, and (iv) minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios. Our debt covenants can lead to restricted cash classifications in our consolidated balance sheets. Our subsidiaries are restricted in the amount that can be distributed to the parent company only to the extent that such distributions would cause the financial covenants to not be met. We were in compliance with all financial covenants. 
 We act as a guarantor for our wholly-owned subsidiaries in several arrangements in the case of default. As of December 31, 2023, we have not identified any risks of nonpayment by our wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 175 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 

shares of preferred stock having a par value of per share SoFi Technologies Preferred Stock and shares of redeemable preferred stock having a par value of per share SoFi Technologies Redeemable Preferred Stock ). The Company s Board of Directors has the authority to issue SoFi Technologies Preferred Stock and SoFi Technologies Redeemable Preferred Stock and to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, of those shares. The authorized shares of SoFi Technologies Redeemable Preferred Stock is inclusive of shares of Series 1 redeemable preferred stock Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock ), which reflect the conversion on a -for-one basis of shares of Social Finance Series 1 preferred stock in conjunction with the Business Combination. Shares of SoFi Technologies Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock that are redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired by the Company will be canceled and may not be reissued by the Company. The Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock remains classified as temporary equity because the Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock is not fully controlled by the issuer, SoFi Technologies. See Series 1 Preference and Rights for additional provisions of the SoFi Technologies Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock. 
 As of December 31, 2023, there were shares of SoFi Technologies Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, which had an original issuance price of . 
 Recent Issuances and Redemptions 
 In conjunction with the Business Combination, we redeemed and canceled shares of redeemable SoFi Technologies common stock for a purchase price of million. 
 Series 1 Preference and Rights 
 On January 7, 2021, the Company and (i) entities affiliated with Silver Lake, which is affiliated with Michael Bingle, one of the directors of SoFi, (ii) entities affiliated with the QIA, which is affiliated with Ahmed Al-Hammadi, one of the directors of SoFi, and (iii) Mr. Noto, the Chief Executive Officer and one of the directors of SoFi, entered into the Amended and Restated Series 1 Preferred Stock Investors Agreement (the Amended Series 1 Agreement ), which amended the Series 1 Preferred Stock Investors Agreement dated May 29, 2019 (the Original Series 1 Agreement ). In conjunction with the Business Combination, the Amended Series 1 Agreement amended the special payment provision under the original agreement to provide for a one-time special payment of million to the holders of Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock, which was paid from the proceeds of the Business Combination and settled contemporaneously with the Business Combination. The special payment was recognized within noninterest expense general and administrative in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, as this feature was accounted for as an embedded derivative that was not clearly and closely 
 176 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 per annum per share, or per annum, of the SoFi Technologies Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock share price of Series 1 Dividend Rate ). The Series 1 Dividend Rate resets to a new fixed rate on the fifth anniversary of May 29, 2019, the original Series 1 preferred stock issue date Series 1 Original Issue Date and on every subsequent one-year anniversary of the Series 1 Original Issue Date Dividend Reset Date ), equal to the term benchmark rate applicable to revolving loans denominated in U.S. dollars in our revolving credit facility, i.e. a benchmark rate equal to Term SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment of as in effect on the dividend determination date plus a spread of per annum. Series 1 preferred stockholders prior to the Business Combination who received shares of SoFi Technologies Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock at the effective time of the Merger remained entitled to receive dividends accrued but unpaid as of the date of the Agreement in respect of such shares of Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Series 1 preferred stockholders were entitled to dividends of , and , respectively. There were dividends payable as of December 31, 2023. 
 Dividends are payable semiannually in arrears on the 30th day of June and 31st day of December of each year, when and as authorized by the Board of Directors . The Company may defer any scheduled dividend payment for up to semiannual dividend periods, subject to such deferred dividend accumulating and compounding at the applicable Series 1 Dividend Rate. If the Company defers any single scheduled dividend payment on the Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock for or more semiannual dividend periods, the Series 1 Dividend Rate applicable to: (i) the compounding following the date of such default on all then-deferred dividend payments (whether or not deferred for or more semiannual dividend periods) is applied on a go-forward basis and not retroactively, and (ii) new dividends declared following the date of such default and the compounding on such dividends if such new dividends are deferred shall be equal to the otherwise applicable Series 1 Dividend Rate plus basis points. This default-related increase shall continue to apply until the Company pays all deferred dividends and related compounding. Once the Company is current on all such dividends, it may again commence deferral of any pre-scheduled dividend payment for up to semiannual dividend periods, following the same procedure as outlined in the foregoing. 
 Conversion 
 Subsequent to the Business Combination, the conversion provisions in respect of each series of preferred stock were no longer in effect, other than the Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock, which did not have any rights of conversion. Pursuant to the SoFi Technologies Certificate of Incorporation, the Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock continue not to have any rights to convert into shares of any other class or series of securities of the Company. 
 Liquidation 
 Subsequent to the Business Combination, the liquidation provisions in respect of every series of preferred stock, other than Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock, were no longer in effect. Pursuant to the SoFi Technologies Certificate of Incorporation, with respect to rights to the distribution of assets upon the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock is senior to all classes or series of common stock, non-voting common stock, SoFi Technologies Preferred Stock and any other class or series of capital stock of the Company now or hereafter authorized, issued or outstanding that, by its terms, does not expressly provide that it ranks senior to or pari passu with the Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock. 
 177 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 million plus any unpaid dividends on such stock (whether deferred or otherwise) (the Series 1 Redemption Price ). Such settlement is determined at the discretion of the Board of Directors . If any such optional redemption by the Company occurs either: (i) prior to the fifth anniversary of the Series 1 Original Issue Date or (ii) after the fifth anniversary of the Series 1 Original Issue Date and not on a Dividend Reset Date, the Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock is entitled to receive an amount in cash equal to any such dividends that would have otherwise been payable to the holder on its redeemed shares of Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock for all dividend periods following the applicable optional redemption date up to and including the Dividend Reset Date immediately following such optional redemption date. 
 If the Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock is not earlier redeemed by the Company, each holder of Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock has the right to require SoFi to settle for cash some or all of their Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock, in each case at the Series 1 Redemption Price, in the following circumstances: (i) within 120 days of the occurrence of a Change of Control, or (ii) during the six-month period following (a) a default in payment of any dividend on the Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock, or (b) the cure period for any covenant default under the SoFi Technologies Certificate of Incorporation. The Series 1 preferred stock had similar redemption provisions under the Original Series 1 Agreement. Pursuant to the Amended Series 1 Agreement, in January 2021, the Series 1 preferred stockholders waived their rights in the event of a liquidation, including the right to immediately receive the Series 1 proceeds. Therefore, the Series 1 preferred stock redemption value remained at million subsequent to the Business Combination. The Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock remains in temporary equity following the Business Combination because the Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock is not fully controlled by SoFi. 
 Voting Rights 
 Subsequent to the Business Combination, the liquidation provisions in respect of every series of preferred stock, other than Series 1 Redeemable Preferred Stock, were no longer in effect. Pursuant to the SoFi Technologies Certificate of Incorporation, the Series 1 preferred stockholders do not have explicit board of director rights. 
 Warrants 
 In connection with the Series 1 and Series H preferred stock issuances during the year ended December 31, 2019, we also issued Series H warrants, which were initially accounted for as liabilities, and were included within accounts payable, accruals and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. The Series H preferred stock was converted into shares of SoFi Technologies common stock in conjunction with the Business Combination. 
 Prior to the Business Combination, the Series H warrants were measured at fair value on a recurring basis and classified as Level 3 because of our reliance on unobservable assumptions, with fair value changes recognized within noninterest expense general and administrative in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. On May 28, 2021, in conjunction with the Closing of the Business Combination, we measured the final fair value of our Series H warrants. Subsequently, we reclassified the Series H warrant liability of into permanent equity, as the terms of the Series H instrument no longer necessitated liability accounting. Therefore, we did not measure the warrants at fair value subsequent to May 28, 2021. 
 178 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Expected term (years) Expected volatility Dividend yield Exercise price Fair value of Series H preferred stock 
 The Company s use of the Black-Scholes Model required the use of subjective assumptions: 
 Risk-free interest rate Based on the five-year U.S. Treasury rate, which was commensurate with the expected term of the warrants. At inception, we assumed that the term would be five years, given by design the warrants were only expected to extend for greater than five years if the Company was still not publicly traded by that point in time. The expected term assumption used reflects the five-year term less time elapsed since initial measurement. An increase in the expected term, in isolation, would typically correlate to a higher risk-free interest rate and result in an increase in the fair value measurement of the warrant liabilities and vice versa. 
 Expected volatility Reflected the expectation that the Series H warrants would convert into common stock upon consummation of the Business Combination, and the Series H preference would be of no further effect, in which case the Series H preference would not have a material impact on the stock volatility measure. As such, the expected volatility assumptions reflect our common stock volatilities as of May 28, 2021. An increase in the expected volatility, in isolation, would result in an increase in the fair value measurement of the warrant liabilities and vice versa. 
 Fair value of Series H preferred stock Determined as of May 28, 2021, which was informed from a common stock transaction during December 2020 at a price of per common share. We determined that this common stock transaction was a reasonable proxy for the valuation of the Series H preferred stock as of May 28, 2021 due to the proximity to an expected Business Combination; therefore, other than adjusting for the Series H exchange ratio, no further adjustments were made for the Series H concluded price per share. As of May 28, 2021, the fair value measurement of the Series H redeemable preferred stock was determined based on the observable closing price of SCH stock (ticker symbol IPOE on the measurement date multiplied by the weighted average exchange ratio of the Series H preferred stock. 
 Dividend yield We assumed no dividend yield because we have historically not paid out dividends to our preferred stockholders, other than to the Series 1 preferred stockholders, which is considered a special circumstance. 
 Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions (1) 
 Reclassification to permanent equity in conjunction with the Business Combination (2) 
 ) Fair value as of December 31, 2021 
 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Changes in valuation inputs or other assumptions are recognized within noninterest expense general and administrative in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 (2) Upon the Closing of the Business Combination, Social Finance Series H warrants were converted into SoFi Technologies common stock warrants and reclassified to permanent equity, as the warrants no longer had features requiring liability based accounting and, therefore, represented a non-cash activity. 
 179 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 shares of common stock, with a par value of per share, and shares of non-voting common stock, with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had shares of common stock and shares of non-voting common stock issued and outstanding. 
 Outstanding common stock warrants Conversion of convertible notes (1) 
 Possible future issuance under stock plans Total common stock reserved for future issuance 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Represents the number of common stock issuable upon conversion of all convertible notes at the conversion rate in effect at the balance sheet date. 
 Dividends 
 Common stockholders and non-voting common stockholders are entitled to dividends when and if declared by the Board of Directors and subject to government regulation over banks and bank holding companies, as discussed further in Note 21. Regulatory Capital . There were no dividends declared or paid to common stockholders during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Voting Rights 
 Each holder of common stock has the right to vote per share of common stock and is entitled to notice of any stockholder meeting. Non-voting common stock does not have any voting rights or other powers. 
 Capped Call Transactions 
 During 2021, we entered into privately negotiated Capped Call Transactions for a total cost of million. The Capped Call Transactions initially cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the number of shares of our common stock that initially underlie the convertible notes. The Capped Call Transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilutive effect on the common stock upon any conversion of convertible notes and/or offset any potential cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted convertible notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap, subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions. The Capped Call Transactions allow the Company to purchase shares of our common stock at a strike price equal to the initial conversion price of approximately per share, and are subject to a cap of per share, subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions. Capped Call Transactions are subject to automatic exercise if they are in-the-money as of certain expiration dates during September and October 2026. Settlement is subject to acceleration pursuant to the occurrence of certain corporate events, as well as postponement no later than January 12, 2027. 
 See Note 1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards for our accounting policy as it relates to the Capped Call Transactions. 
 180 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (1) 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI into earnings Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) (2) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (1) 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI into earnings Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) (2) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications (1) 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI into earnings Net current-period other comprehensive income (2) 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) _____________________ 
 (1) Gross realized gains and losses from sales of our investments in AFS debt securities that were reclassified from AOCI to earnings are recorded within noninterest income other in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. There were no reclassifications related to foreign currency translation adjustments during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Interest rate caps (1) 
 ) ) Home loan pipeline hedges (1) 
 Derivative contracts to manage future loan sale execution risk ) Interest rate swaps (2) 
 IRLCs (1) 
 ) ) Interest rate caps (1) 
 ) ) Purchase price earn-out (1)(3) 
 Third party warrants (4) 
 ) Special payment (5) 
 ) Total 
 ) _____________________ 
 (1) Recorded within noninterest income loan origination, sales, and securitizations in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 (2) Represents derivative contracts to manage securitization investment interest rate risk, which are recorded within noninterest income loan origination, sales, and securitizations in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 181 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 ) Interest rate caps ) ) Home loan pipeline hedges ) ) Total, gross ) ) Derivative netting ) ) Total, net (1) 
 ) ) 
 _____________________ 
 (1) We did have a cash collateral requirement related to these instruments as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. 
 Interest rate caps Home loan pipeline hedges Interest rate caps (1) 
 Interest rate swaps (2) 
 IRLCs (3) 
 Total _____________________ 
 (1) We sold an interest rate cap that was subject to master netting to offset an interest rate cap purchase made in conjunction with a contract to manage future loan sale execution risk. 
 (2) Represents interest rate swaps utilized to manage interest rate risk associated with certain of our securitization investments. 
 (3) Amounts correspond with home loan funding commitments subject to IRLC agreements. 
 While the notional amounts of derivative instruments give an indication of the volume of our derivative activity, they do not necessarily represent amounts exchanged by parties and are not a direct measure of our financial exposure. See Note 1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards and Note 15. Fair Value Measurements for additional information on our derivative assets and liabilities. 
 182 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

Asset-backed bonds (2)(3) 
 Residual investments (2)(3) 
 Loans at fair value (4) 
 Servicing rights Third party warrants (5)(6) 
 Derivative assets (5)(7)(8) 
 Purchase price earn-out (5)(9) 
 IRLCs (5)(10) 
 Student loan commitments (5)(10) 
 Interest rate caps (5)(8) 
 Digital assets safeguarding asset (5)(11) 
 Total assets Liabilities Debt (12) 
 Residual interests classified as debt Derivative liabilities (5)(7)(8) 
 Student loan commitments (5)(10) 
 Digital assets safeguarding liability (5)(11) 
 Total liabilities _____________________ 
 (1) The investments in AFS debt securities that were classified as Level 2 rely upon observable inputs other than quoted prices, dealer quotes in markets that are not active and implied pricing derived from new issuances of similar securities. See Note 6. Investment Securities for additional information. 
 (2) These assets are presented within investment securities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (3) These assets represent the carrying value of our holdings in VIEs wherein we were not deemed the primary beneficiary. See Note 7. Securitization and Variable Interest Entities for additional information. We classify asset-backed bonds as Level 2 due to the use of quoted prices for similar assets in markets that are not active, as well as certain factors specific to us. The key inputs used to value the asset-backed bonds include the discount rate and conditional prepayment rate. The fair value of our asset-backed bonds was not materially impacted by default assumptions on the underlying securitization loans, as the subordinate residual interests are expected to absorb all estimated losses based on our default assumptions for the period. We classify the residual investments as Level 3 due to the reliance on significant unobservable valuation inputs. 
 (4) During the year ended December 31, 2023, we transferred out of Level 3 into Level 2 relating to home loans due to an update to pricing sources utilized by third-party valuation specialists, as part of the integration of Wyndham. Personal loans and student loans classified as Level 3 do not trade in an active market with readily observable prices. Personal loans and home loans are presented within loans held for sale, at fair value . As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, student loans are presented within loans held for investment, at fair value and loans held for sale, at fair value , respectively. 
 (5) These assets and liabilities are presented within other assets and accounts payable, accruals and other liabilities , respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (6) The key unobservable assumption used in the fair value measurement of the third party warrants was the price of the stock underlying the warrants. The fair value was measured as the difference between the stock price and the strike price of the warrants. As the strike price was insignificant, we concluded that the impact of time value on the fair value measure was immaterial. 
 (7) For certain derivative instruments for which an enforceable master netting agreement exists, we elected to net derivative assets and derivative liabilities by counterparty. These instruments are presented on a gross basis herein. See Note 1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards and Note 14. Derivative Financial Instruments for additional information. 
 (8) Home loan pipeline hedges represent TBAs used as economic hedges of loan fair values and are classified as Level 2, as we rely on quoted market prices from similar loan pools that transact in the marketplace. Interest rate swaps and interest rate caps are classified as Level 2, because these financial 
 183 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, losses from changes in fair value were and , respectively. The estimated amounts of gains (losses) included in earnings attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit risk, which were derived principally from observable changes in credit spread as observed in the bond market, were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Level 3 Recurring Fair Value Rollforward 
 and transfers into Level 3. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did have any transfers into or out of Level 3. 
 Fair Value at Fair Value at January 1, 2023 Impact on Earnings Purchases Sales Issuances Settlements Other Changes Transfers Out of Level 3 
 December 31, 2023 Assets Personal loans ) ) ) ) Student loans ) ) ) Home loans ) ) ) Loans at fair value (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Servicing rights (2) 
 ) ) Residual investments (3) 
 ) ) IRLCs (4) 
 ) Student loan commitments (4) 
 ) ) Third party warrants (5) 
 Purchase price earn out (6) 
 ) Liabilities Residual interests classified as debt (3) 
 ) ) ) ) Net impact on earnings 
 184 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 ) ) ) Student loans ) ) ) Home loans ) ) ) Loans at fair value (1) 
 ) ) ) Servicing rights (2) 
 ) ) Residual investments (3) 
 ) ) IRLCs (4) 
 ) ) Third party warrants (5) 
 ) Purchase price earn out (6) 
 ) Liabilities Residual interests classified as debt (3) 
 ) ) ) Student loan commitments (4) 
 ) ) ) Net impact on earnings _____________________ 
 (1) For loans at fair value, purchases reflect unpaid principal balance and relate to previously transferred loans. Purchase activity included securitization clean-up calls of during the year ended December 31, 2023, and during the year ended December 31, 2022. The remaining purchases during the periods presented related to standard representations and warranties pursuant to our various loan sale agreements. Issuances represent the principal balance of loans originated during the period. Settlements represent principal payments made on loans during the period. Other changes represent fair value adjustments that impact the balance sheet primarily associated with whole loan strategic repurchases, clean up calls and consolidated securitizations. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we had of transfers out of Level 3 related to our home loans related to an update to pricing sources utilized by third-party valuation specialists. Impacts on earnings for loans at fair value are recorded within interest income loans and securitizations , within noninterest income loan origination, sales, and securitizations , and within noninterest expense general and administrative in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss . 
 (2) For servicing rights, impacts on earnings are recorded within noninterest income loan origination, sales, and securitizations in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss . 
 (3) For residual investments, sales include the derecognition of investments associated with securitization clean up calls. The estimated amounts of gains and losses for residual investments included in earnings attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit risk were immaterial during the periods presented. For residual investments and residual interests classified as debt, impacts on earnings are recorded within noninterest income loan origination, sales, and securitizations in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, a portion of which is subsequently reclassified to interest expense securitizations and warehouses for residual interests classified as debt and to interest income loans and securitizations for residual investments, but does not impact the liability or asset balance, respectively. 
 (4) For IRLCs and student loan commitments, settlements reflect funded and unfunded adjustments representing the unpaid principal balance of funded and unfunded loans during the quarter multiplied by the IRLC or student loan commitment price in effect at the beginning of the quarter. Purchases of IRLCs during the year ended December 31, 2023 were associated with our acquisition of Wyndham. For year-to-date periods, amounts represent the summation of the per-quarter effects. For IRLCs and student loan commitments, impacts on earnings are recorded within noninterest income loan origination, sales, and securitizations in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 (5) For purchase price earn out, impacts on earnings are recorded within noninterest income loan origination, sales, and securitizations in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 (6) For third party warrants, impacts on earnings are recorded within noninterest income other in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Loans at Fair Value 
 Gains and losses recognized in earnings include changes in accumulated interest and fair value adjustments on loans originated during the period and on loans held at the balance sheet date, as well as loan charge-offs. Changes in fair value are primarily impacted by valuation assumption changes as well as sales price execution. The estimated amount of gains (losses) included in earnings attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit risk was ), ) and during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The gains (losses) attributable to instrument-specific credit risk were estimated by incorporating our current default and loss severity assumptions for the loans. These assumptions are based on historical performance, market trends and performance expectations over the term of the underlying instrument. 
 185 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

Annual default rate 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 Student loans Conditional prepayment rate 
 
 Annual default rate 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 Home loans (1) 
 Conditional prepayment rate n/m n/m 
 Annual default rate n/m n/m 
 Discount rate n/m n/m 
 
 _____________________ 
 (1) As of December 31, 2023, we had no Level 3 home loans. 
 The key assumptions are defined as follows: 
 Conditional prepayment rate The monthly annualized proportion of the principal of a pool of loans that is assumed to be paid off prematurely in each period. An increase in the conditional prepayment rate, in isolation, would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement. The weighted average assumption was weighted based on relative fair value. 
 Annual default rate The annualized rate of borrowers who do not make loan payments on time. An increase in the annual default rate, in isolation, would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement. The weighted average assumption was weighted based on relative fair value. 
 Discount rate The weighted average rate at which the expected cash flows are discounted to arrive at the net present value of the loans. The discount rate is primarily determined based on an underlying benchmark rate, curve and spread(s), the latter of which is determined based on factors including, but not limited to, weighted average coupon rate, prepayment rate, default rate and resulting expected duration of the assets. An increase in the discount rate, in isolation, would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement. The weighted average assumption was weighted based on relative fair value. 
 See Note 4. Loans for additional loan fair value disclosures. 
 186 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

Conditional prepayment rate 
 
 Annual default rate 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 Student loans Market servicing costs 
 
 Conditional prepayment rate 
 
 Annual default rate 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 Home loans Market servicing costs 
 
 Conditional prepayment rate 
 
 Annual default rate 
 
 Discount rate 

The key assumptions are defined as follows: 
 Market servicing costs The fee a willing market participant, which we validate through actual third-party bids for our servicing, would require for the servicing of personal loans, student loans and home loans with similar characteristics as those in our serviced portfolio. An increase in the market servicing cost, in isolation, would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement. The weighted average assumption was weighted based on relative fair value. 
 Conditional prepayment rate The monthly annualized proportion of the principal of a pool of loans that is assumed to be paid off prematurely in each period. An increase in the conditional prepayment rate, in isolation, would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement. The weighted average assumption was weighted based on relative fair value. 
 Annual default rate The annualized rate of default within the total serviced loan balance. An increase in the annual default rate, in isolation, would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement. The weighted average assumption was weighted based on relative fair value. 
 Discount rate The weighted average rate at which the expected cash flows are discounted to arrive at the net present value of the servicing rights. An increase in the discount rate, in isolation, would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement. The weighted average assumption was weighted based on relative fair value. 
 187 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) ) 5.0 basis points increase ) ) Conditional prepayment rate 10 increase ) ) 20 increase ) ) Annual default rate 10 increase ) ) 20 increase ) ) Discount rate 100 basis points increase ) ) 200 basis points increase ) ) 
 The sensitivity calculations above are hypothetical and should not be considered to be predictive of future performance. The effect on fair value of a variation in assumptions generally cannot be determined because the relationship of the change in assumptions to the fair value may not be linear. Additionally, the effect of an adverse variation in a particular assumption on the fair value of our servicing rights is calculated while holding the other assumptions constant. In reality, changes in one factor may lead to changes in other factors, which could impact the above hypothetical effects. 
 Residual Investments and Residual Interests Classified as Debt 
 Residual investments and residual interests classified as debt do not trade in active markets with readily observable prices, and there is limited observable market data for reference. The fair values of residual investments and residual interests classified as debt are determined using a discounted cash flow methodology. Management classifies residual investments and residual interests classified as debt as Level 3 due to the use of significant unobservable inputs in the fair value measurements. 

Annual default rate 
 
 Discount rate 
 
 Residual interests classified as debt Conditional prepayment rate 
 
 Annual default rate 
 
 Discount rate 

The key assumptions are defined as follows: 
 Conditional prepayment rate The monthly annualized proportion of the principal of a pool of loans that is assumed to be paid off prematurely in each period for the pool of loans in the securitization. An increase in the conditional prepayment rate, in isolation, would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement. The weighted average assumption was weighted based on relative fair value. 
 188 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

Student loan commitments Loan funding probability (1) 
 
 - 
 _____________________ 
 (1) The aggregate amount of student loans we committed to fund was as of December 31, 2023. The higher assumptions in the 2023 period reflect the home loan funding pipeline associated with our acquisition of Wyndham. See Note 14. Derivative Financial Instruments for the aggregate notional amount associated with IRLCs. 
 The key assumption is defined as follows: 
 Loan funding probability Our expectation of the percentage of IRLCs or student loan commitments which will become funded loans. A significant difference between the actual funded rate and the assumed funded rate at the measurement date could result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement of our IRLCs and student loan commitments. An increase in the loan funding probabilities, in isolation, would result in an increase in a fair value measurement. The weighted average assumptions were weighted based on relative fair values. 
 Safeguarding Assets and Liabilities 
 Ethereum (ETH) Ethereum Classic (ETC) Litecoin (LTC) Dogecoin (DOGE) Cardano (ADA) (1) 
 Solana (SOL) (1) 
 All other (1)(2) 
 Digital assets safeguarding liability and corresponding safeguarding asset (3) 
 ___________________ 
 (1) Effective June 9, 2023, we ended support of these digital assets, as well as several others included in the all other category. 
 (2) Includes and digital assets as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively, none of which were determined to be individually significant. 
 189 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Financial Instruments Not Measured at Fair Value 
 Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents (1) 
 Loans at amortized cost (2) 
 Other investments (3) 
 Total assets 
 Liabilities 
 Deposits (4) 
 Debt (5) 
 Total liabilities 
 December 31, 2022 Assets 
 Cash and cash equivalents (1) 
 Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents (1) 
 Loans at amortized cost (2) 
 Other investments (3) 
 Total assets 
 Liabilities 
 Deposits (4) 
 Debt (5) 
 Total liabilities 
 _____________________ 
 (1) The carrying amounts of our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents approximate their fair values due to the short-term maturities and highly liquid nature of these accounts. 
 (2) The fair value of our credit cards was determined using a discounted cash flow model with key inputs relating to weighted average lives, expected lifetime loss rates and discount rate. The fair value of our commercial and consumer banking and senior secured loans was determined using a discounted cash flow model with key inputs relating to the underlying contractual coupons, terms, discount rate and expectations for defaults. 
 (3) Other investments include FRB stock and FHLB stock, which are presented within other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (4) The fair values of our deposits without contractually defined maturities (such as demand and savings deposits) and our noninterest-bearing deposits approximate their carrying values. The fair value of our time-based deposits was determined using a discounted cash flow model based on rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. 
 (5) The carrying value of our debt is net of unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs. The fair value of our convertible notes was classified as Level 1, as it was based on an observable market quote. The fair values of our warehouse facility debt and revolving credit facility debt were classified as Level 2 based on market factors and credit factors specific to these financial instruments. The fair value of our securitization debt was classified as Level 2 and valued using a discounted cash flow model, with key inputs relating to the underlying contractual coupons, terms, discount rate and expectations for defaults and prepayments. 
 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 
 Investments in equity securities of and as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which are presented within other assets in the consolidated balance sheets, include investments for which fair values are not readily determinable, which we elect to measure using the measurement alternative method of accounting. The fair value measurements are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy due to the use of unobservable inputs in the fair value measurements. The balances were primarily composed of a investment valued under the measurement alternative method during 2022 that was a former equity method investment. 
 190 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

shares of common stock in connection with the Business Combination. Under the 2021 Plan, effective January 1, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized the issuance of an additional shares. In the third quarter of 2022, the Company s stockholders approved the amendment and restatement of the 2021 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the Amended and Restated 2021 Plan ), including a modification to the evergreen provision and an increase in the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the plan. As of December 31, 2023, the Amended and Restated 2021 Plan includes an aggregate of shares of common stock authorized for issuance of awards. The Amended and Restated 2021 Plan allows for the number of authorized shares to increase on the first day of each fiscal year beginning on January 1, 2023 and ending on and including January 1, 2030 equal to the lesser of (a) percent of the aggregate number of shares of common stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year, and (b) such smaller number of shares of common stock as determined by the Board of Directors. The Amended and Restated 2021 Plan allows for the issuance of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, RSUs (including PSUs), dividend equivalents and other stock or cash based awards for issuance to its employees, non-employee directors and non-employee third parties. Shares associated with option exercises and RSU vesting are issued from the authorized pool. 
 Effective January 1, 2023, we approved a plan to allow our non-employee directors to elect, on an annual basis, to defer their cash retainers into equity awards, and/or to defer their RSU grants, which vest in accordance with the grant terms (collectively referred to as DSUs). DSUs are equity awards that entitle the holder to shares of our common stock when the awards vest. Directors may choose to receive their deferred stock distributions in a lump sum or in installments over different time periods. DSUs are measured based on the fair value of our common stock on the date of grant. DSU activity is presented with RSUs in the disclosures below. 
 Sales and marketing Cost of operations General and administrative Total 
 Common Stock Valuations 
 Subsequent to the Business Combination, we determine the value of our common stock based on the observable daily closing price of SoFi s stock (ticker symbol SOFI ). 
 191 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 after from the vesting commencement date and then monthly over an additional period. While the vesting schedule noted is typical, stock options have been issued under other vesting schedules. Our stock options typically expire from the grant date or within days of employee termination. 
 Exercised ) Expired 
 ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2023 Exercisable as of December 31, 2023 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the aggregate intrinsic value of stock options outstanding and stock options exercisable was million and million, respectively. 
 Total compensation cost related to unvested stock options not yet recognized as of December 31, 2023 was immaterial. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 RSUs, inclusive of DSUs, are equity awards granted to employees that entitle the holder to shares of our common stock when the awards vest. For employees hired during 2023, new hire RSU grants typically vest between to on the first vesting date, which occurs approximately after the date of grant, and ratably each quarter of the ensuing - to -quarter period. For employees hired during 2022, new hire RSU grants typically vest on the first vesting date, which occurs approximately after the date of grant, and ratably each quarter of the ensuing -quarter period. For employees hired before January 1, 2022, new hire RSU grants typically vest on the first vesting date, which occurs approximately after the date of grant, and ratably each quarter of the ensuing -quarter period. RSUs have been issued under other vesting schedules, including grants to existing employees. RSUs are measured based on the fair value of our common stock on the date of grant. 
 Granted 
 Vested (1) 
 ) Forfeited 
 ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 
 _____________________ 
 (1) The total fair value, based on grant date fair value, of RSUs that vested during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 192 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 and , respectively. As of December 31, 2023, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs, inclusive of DSUs, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 Performance Stock Units 
 PSUs are equity awards granted to employees that, upon vesting, entitle the holder to shares of our common stock. During 2021 and 2023, we granted PSUs that will vest, if at all, on a graded basis during the period commencing on May 28, 2022, subject to the achievement of specified performance goals, such as the volume-weighted average closing price of our stock over a -trading day period Target Hurdles and, now that we are a bank holding company, maintaining certain minimum standards applicable to bank holding companies. All PSUs are subject to continued employment on the date of vesting. In the event of a Sale Event (as defined in the 2021 Amended and Restated Plan), the awards may automatically vest subject to the satisfaction of the Target Hurdles by reference to the sale price, without regard to any other vesting conditions. 
 Granted Forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 
 Compensation cost associated with PSUs is recognized using the accelerated attribution method for each of the vesting tranches over the respective derived service period. 
 We determined the grant-date fair value of PSUs utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
 
 Expected volatility 
 
 Fair value of common stock 
 
 Dividend yield 
 
 Our use of a Monte Carlo simulation model requires the use of subjective assumptions: 
 Risk-free interest rate Based on the U.S. Treasury rate at the time of grant commensurate with the remaining term of the PSUs. 
 Expected volatility Based on the implied volatility of our common stock from a set of comparable publicly-traded companies. 
 Fair value of common stock Based on the closing stock price on the date of grant. 
 Dividend yield We assumed no dividend yield because we have historically not paid out dividends to common stockholders. 
 The weighted average grant date fair value of PSUs issued during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested PSUs, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 193 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 
 ) ) Foreign (1) 
 ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 _________________ 
 
 U.S. state and local 
 Foreign 
 Total current tax expense 
 Deferred tax expense (benefit): 
 U.S. state and local 
 ) Foreign 
 ) ) ) Total deferred tax expense (benefit) 
 ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) 
 Our income tax benefit position in 2023 was primarily attributable to income tax benefits from foreign losses in jurisdictions with net deferred tax liabilities related to Technisys. These benefits were offset by income tax expense associated with the profitability of SoFi Bank in state jurisdictions where separate filings are required, as well as federal taxes where our tax credits and loss carryforwards may be limited. See Note 2. Business Combinations and Note 8. Goodwill and Intangible Assets for additional information. 
 194 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) ) ) Goodwill impairment 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets Non-deductible compensation expense (1) 
 State and local income taxes, net of federal benefit Share-based compensation 
 ) Research and development tax credits ) ) ) Change in fair value of warrants Other 
 ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Effective tax rate ) ) 
 _________________ 
 (1) Reflects the impact of applying Section 162(m), which prohibits deduction of certain excess employee compensation to certain covered employees . 
 Gross increases tax positions in prior period (1) 
 Gross decreases tax positions in prior period ) ) Gross increases tax positions in current period Lapse of statute of limitations ) Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 
 _________________ 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 unrecognized tax benefits of and , respectively, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate in a future period. As of December 31, 2021, of the unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate in a future period, as the tax benefit would increase a deferred tax asset, which is offset with a valuation allowance. We expect to continue to accrue unrecognized tax benefits for certain recurring tax positions; however, we do not expect any other significant increases or decreases to unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. 
 Interest and penalties recorded during the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were . interest and penalties were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 195 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Operating lease liabilities Share-based compensation Research and development credits Accruals and other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Amortization ) ) Operating lease ROU assets ) ) Servicing rights ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax liabilities, net 
 ) ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we maintained a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets, in applicable jurisdictions, increasing our valuation allowance by , and , respectively. In certain foreign and state jurisdictions where sufficient deferred tax liabilities exist, no valuation allowance is recognized. We will continue to recognize a full valuation allowance until there is sufficient positive evidence to support its release. 
 2036 2037 Indefinite U.S. state (2) 
 2024 2042 Indefinite Foreign 2024 2043 Indefinite 
 196 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Federal and state research and development tax credits of as of December 31, 2023 will expire at various dates beginning in 2031, if not utilized. 
 The Company files a federal income tax return in the United States and also files in various state and foreign jurisdictions. 
 jurisdictions. However, due to loss carryforwards, tax holidays do not result in cash tax benefits for any period presented. First, we qualify for a tax holiday in Argentina by fulfilling certain requirements of the Regime for the Promotion of the Knowledge Economy (Law 27,506) . The regime is in effect from January 1, 2020, through December 31, 2029. An annual application process is required for approval and to continue to qualify for the holiday. The regime reduces the statutory federal income tax rate from 35 to 24 . Second, we are operating under a 100 tax holiday in Uruguay due to our software-related services. There is no current expiration date for this holiday. 

million in financial commitments outstanding related to sponsorship, advertising, and cloud computing agreements under which we are required to make payments over the life of the agreements ranging from one to years. 
 We made payments related to these commitments totaling , and during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 We also have commitments to fund home loans and student loans that are only cancellable at the option of the borrower. The commitments are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. See Note 15. Fair Value Measurements for additional information. 
 As part of our community reinvestment initiatives, we have a commitment to fund a line of credit to be used to finance housing and stimulate economic development in low- to moderate-income communities. As of December 31, 2023, we funded 
 197 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 million of loans, which are presented within loans held for investment in the consolidated balance sheets, and had million of the total million commitment outstanding. 
 For information on our leases, see Note 9. Property, Equipment, Software and Leases . 
 Concentrations 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents, residual investments and loans. We hold cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in accounts at regulated domestic financial institutions in amounts that may exceed FDIC insured amounts. We believe these institutions are of high credit quality. 
 We are dependent on third-party funding sources and deposit balances to originate loans. Additionally, we sell loans to various third parties. We have historically sold loans to a limited pool of third-party buyers. No individual third-party buyer accounted for 10 or more of consolidated total net revenues for the periods presented. 
 Within our Technology Platform segment, we have a relatively smaller number of clients compared to our lending and financial services businesses. As such, the loss of one or a few of our top clients could be significant to that portion of our business. No individual client accounted for 10 or more of consolidated total net revenues for the periods presented. 
 The Company is exposed to default risk on borrower loans originated and financed by us. There is no single borrower or group of borrowers that comprise a significant concentration of the Company s loan portfolio. Likewise, the Company is not overly concentrated within a group of channel partners or other customers, with the exception of our distribution of personal loan residual interests in our sponsored personal loan securitizations, which we market to third parties, and the aforementioned whole loan buyers. Given we have a limited number of prospective buyers for our personal loan securitization residual interests, this might result in us utilizing a significant amount of deposits or our own capital to fund future residual interests in personal loan securitizations, or impact the execution of future securitizations if we are limited in our own ability to invest in the residual interest portion of future securitizations, or find willing buyers for securitization residual interests. 
 Contingencies 
 Legal Proceedings 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company may be subject to a variety of pending legal proceedings. While we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of these actions, we believe that any ultimate liability arising from any of these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, many of these matters are in various stages of proceedings and further developments could cause management to revise its assessment of these matters. Our assessments are based on our knowledge and historical experience, as well as the specific facts and circumstances asserted, but the ultimate outcome of any matter could require payment substantially in excess of the amount that we have accrued and/or disclosed. Regardless of the final outcome, defending lawsuits, claims, government and self-regulatory organization investigations, and proceedings in which we are involved is costly and can impose a significant burden on management and employees, and there can be no assurances that we will receive favorable final outcomes. 
 Guarantees 
 We have types of repurchase obligations that we account for as financial guarantees. First, we issue financial guarantees to GSEs on loans that we sell to GSEs, which manifest as repurchase requirements if it is later discovered that loans sold to a GSE do not meet their guidelines. We have a repurchase obligation from the time of origination to buy back originated loans that do not meet GSE guidelines, and we are required to pay the full initial purchase price back to the GSE. We recognize a liability for the full amount of expected loan repurchases, which we estimate based on historical repurchase activity for similar types of loans and assess whether adjustments to our historical loss experience are required based on current conditions and forecasts of future conditions, as appropriate, as our exposure under the guarantee is typically short-term in nature. The liability we record is equal to what we expect to buy back and, therefore, approximates fair value. Second, we make standard representations and warranties related to other loan transfers, breaches of which would require us to repurchase the transferred loans. Finally, we have limited repurchase obligations for certain loan transfers associated with credit-related events, such as early prepayment or events of default within days after origination. In the event of a repurchase, we are typically required to pay the purchase price of the loans transferred. 
 198 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 million and million, respectively, related to our estimated repurchase obligation, the former of which includes liabilities assumed in our acquisition of Wyndham. The corresponding charges for changes in the estimated obligation are recorded within noninterest income loan origination, sales, and securitizations in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the amounts associated with loans sold that were subject to the terms and conditions of our repurchase obligations totaled billion and billion, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we had a total of million and million, respectively, in letters of credit outstanding with financial institutions, which were issued for the purpose of securing certain of our operating lease obligations. A portion of the letters of credit was collateralized by million and million of our cash as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which is included within restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we had a total of million and million, respectively, in letters of credit outstanding with the FHLB, which serve as collateral for public deposits and were collateralized by loans. 
 Mortgage Banking Regulatory Mandates 
 We are subject to certain state-imposed minimum net worth requirements for the states in which we are engaged in the business of a residential mortgage lender. Noncompliance with these requirements on an annual basis could result in potential fines or penalties imposed by the applicable state. Future events or changes in mandates may affect our ability to meet mortgage banking regulatory requirements. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we were in compliance with all minimum net worth requirements and, therefore, have accrued any liabilities related to fines or penalties. 
 Retirement Plans 
 We have a 401(k) plan that covers all employees meeting certain eligibility requirements. The 401(k) plan is designed to provide tax-deferred retirement benefits in accordance with the provisions of Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Eligible employees may defer up to of eligible compensation up to the annual maximum as determined by the IRS. Our contributions to the plan are discretionary. We have not made any contributions to the plan to date. 

199 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) ) ) Less: Redeemable preferred stock dividends 
 ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders basic and diluted 
 Denominator: Weighted average common stock outstanding basic Weighted average common stock outstanding diluted Loss per share basic 
 ) ) ) Loss per share diluted 
 ) ) ) 
 Common stock warrants Unvested RSUs (1) 
 Unvested PSUs Convertible notes (2) 
 Contingent common stock (3) 
 
 ____________________ 
 (1) As of December 31, 2023, includes DSUs granted to non-employee directors. See Note 16. Share-Based Compensation for additional information. 
 (2) Represents the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of all convertible notes at the conversion rate in effect at the date indicated. See Note 1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards and Note 12. Debt for additional information. 

reportable segments: Lending, Technology Platform and Financial Services. Each of our reportable segments is a strategic business unit that serves specific needs of our members based on the products and services provided. The segments are based on the manner in which management views the financial performance of the business. The reportable segments also reflect our organizational structure. Each segment has a segment manager who reports directly to the CODM. The CODM has ultimate authority and responsibility over resource allocation decisions and performance assessment. 
 The operations of acquired businesses have been integrated into, or managed as part of, our existing reportable segments. Activities that are not part of a reportable segment, such as management of our corporate investment portfolio and asset/liability management by our centralized treasury function (as further discussed below), are included in the Corporate/Other non-reportable segment. 
 Contribution profit (loss) is the primary measure of segment profit and loss reviewed by the CODM and is intended to measure the direct profitability of each segment in the manner in which management evaluates performance and makes 
 200 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 201 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 202 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 ) Noninterest income (expense) (2) 
 ) Total net revenue (loss) ) Servicing rights change in valuation inputs or assumptions (3) 
 ) ) Residual interests classified as debt change in valuation inputs or assumptions (4) 
 Directly attributable expenses ) ) ) ) Contribution profit (loss) ) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Lending Technology 
 Platform (1) 
 Financial Services (1) 
 Reportable Segments Total Corporate/Other (1) 
 Total Net revenue Net interest income (expense) ) Noninterest income (expense) (2) 
 ) Total net revenue (loss) ) Servicing rights change in valuation inputs or assumptions (3) 
 ) ) Residual interests classified as debt change in valuation inputs or assumptions (4) 
 Directly attributable expenses ) ) ) ) Contribution profit (loss) ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Lending Technology 
 Platform (1) 
 Financial Services (1) 
 Reportable Segments Total Corporate/Other (1) 
 Total Net revenue Net interest income (expense) 
 ) ) Noninterest income (2) 
 Total net revenue (loss) ) Servicing rights change in valuation inputs or assumptions (3) 
 Residual interests classified as debt change in valuation inputs or assumptions (4) 
 Directly attributable expenses ) ) ) ) Contribution profit (loss) ) 
 203 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 , and for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The equal and offsetting intercompany expenses are reflected within all segments directly attributable expenses, as well as within expenses not allocated to segments. The intercompany revenues and expenses are eliminated in consolidation. The revenues are eliminated within Corporate/Other and the expenses are adjusted in our reconciliation of directly attributable expenses below. 
 (2) Refer to Note 3. Revenue for a reconciliation of revenue from contracts with customers to total noninterest income (expense). 
 (3) Reflects changes in fair value inputs and assumptions, including market servicing costs, conditional prepayment, default rates and discount rates. This non-cash change, which is recorded within noninterest income in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, is unrealized during the period and, therefore, has no impact on our cash flows from operations. As such, the changes in fair value attributable to assumption changes are adjusted to provide management and financial users with better visibility into the cash flows available to finance our operations. 
 (4) Reflects changes in fair value inputs and assumptions, including conditional prepayment, default rates and discount rates. When third parties finance our consolidated VIEs through purchasing residual interests, we receive proceeds at the time of the securitization close and, thereafter, pass along contractual cash flows to the residual interest owner. These obligations are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, with fair value changes recorded within noninterest income in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The fair value change attributable to assumption changes has no impact on our initial financing proceeds, our future obligations to the residual interest owner (because future residual interest claims are limited to securitization collateral cash flows), or the general operations of our business. As such, this non-cash change in fair value during the period is adjusted to provide management and financial users with better visibility into the cash flows available to finance our operations. 
 The following table reconciles reportable segments total contribution profit to loss before income taxes. Expenses not allocated to reportable segments represent items that are not considered by our CODM in evaluating segment performance or allocating resources. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Reportable segments total contribution profit Corporate/Other total net loss ) ) ) Intercompany expenses Servicing rights change in valuation inputs or assumptions ) Residual interests classified as debt change in valuation inputs or assumptions ) ) ) Expenses not allocated to segments: Share-based compensation expense ) ) ) Employee-related costs (1) 
 ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization expense ) ) ) Goodwill impairment expense ) Fair value change of warrant liabilities ) Special payment (2) 
 ) Other corporate and unallocated expenses (3) 
 ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) _____________________ 
 (1) Includes compensation, benefits, restructuring charges, recruiting, certain occupancy-related costs and various travel costs of executive management, certain technology groups and general and administrative functions that are not directly attributable to the reportable segments. 
 (2) Represents a special payment to the Series 1 preferred stockholders in connection with the Business Combination. 
 
 Geographic Information 
 204 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 All foreign countries Total net revenue 
 All foreign countries Total assets 

205 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Tier 1 risk-based capital Total risk-based capital Tier 1 leverage Risk-weighted assets Quarterly adjusted average assets SoFi Technologies CET1 risk-based capital n/a Tier 1 risk-based capital n/a Total risk-based capital n/a Tier 1 leverage n/a Risk-weighted assets Quarterly adjusted average assets ___________________ 
 (1) Required minimums presented for risk-based capital ratios include the required capital conservation buffer. 
 (2) The well-capitalized minimum measure is applicable at the bank level only. 

206 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Intercompany receivables Investments in subsidiaries Goodwill Intangible assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities, temporary equity and permanent equity Liabilities: Accounts payable, accruals and other liabilities Debt 
 Total liabilities Temporary equity (1) : 
 Redeemable preferred stock, par value: and shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Permanent equity: Common stock, par value: and shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively (2) 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total permanent equity Total liabilities, temporary equity and permanent equity _______________ 
 (1) Redemption amount is as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 non-voting common shares authorized and non-voting common shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. 
 207 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

 Interest expense 
 Net interest expense ) ) ) Noninterest income 
 Total net revenue (loss) 
 ) ) ) Noninterest expense 
 Loss before income taxes 
 ) ) ) Income tax benefit 
 Loss before equity in loss of subsidiaries 
 ) ) ) Equity in loss of subsidiaries 
 ) ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale debt securities, net 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) 

208 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) ) Investing activities 
 Changes in investments in subsidiaries ) ) Issuances of notes to subsidiaries 
 ) Proceeds from securitization investments 
 Proceeds from non-securitization investments Other investing activities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 ) ) Financing activities 
 Net change in debt facilities Proceeds from other debt issuances 
 Repayment of other debt 
 ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of share-based awards 
 ) ) ) Payment of redeemable preferred stock dividends ) Redemptions of redeemable common and preferred stock ) Proceeds from Business Combination and PIPE Investment Proceeds from warrant exercises Purchase of capped calls ) Other financing activities ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents at end of period 
 
 billion aggregate principal amount of convertible notes due 2026. In December 2023, SoFi Technologies, Inc. repurchased million aggregate principal amount of the convertible notes, which were settled through the issuance of shares of common stock. 
 In April 2023, SoFi Technologies, Inc. entered into the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, which amended and restated the Original Credit Agreement entered into by Social Finance, Inc. in September 2018 to, among other things, change the borrower entity under the revolving credit facility to SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 See Note 12. Debt for additional information on these debt arrangements. 
 Note 2. Temporary Equity 
 See Note 13. Equity for information on the redeemable preferred stock held at SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 209 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands, Unless Otherwise Stated and Except for Share and Per Share Data) 

210 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K and designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the requisite time periods specified in the applicable rules and forms, and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The management of SoFi Technologies, Inc. (the Company or SoFi is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. SoFi s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). 
 The internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Company assets that could have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, commonly referred to as the 2013 Framework . Based on this assessment, as noted below, management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 Attestation 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting included herein. 
 211 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of SoFi Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, of the Company and our report dated February 27, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP San Francisco, California February 27, 2024 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 212 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 
 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement ), which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of our 2023 fiscal year. 
 The Registrant has a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of its employees, officers and directors. The code of business conduct and ethics is available on the Registrant s website at www.sofi.com and the Registrant will post any amendments to, or waivers from, the code of business conduct and ethics on that website. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of our 2023 fiscal year. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of our 2023 fiscal year. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of our 2023 fiscal year. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of our 2023 fiscal year. 
 
 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 (1) Financial Statements: 
 See Index to Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 Separate financial statement schedules have been omitted either because they are not applicable or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements. 
 (3) Index to Exhibits: 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith, or were previously filed and are hereby incorporated by reference. 
 Exhibit No. Description Form File Number Date of Filing Exhibit/Annex Number Reference 2.1 + 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 7, 2021, by and among Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V, Plutus Merger Sub Inc. and Social Finance, Inc. 
 S-4 333-252009 January 11, 2021 Annex A 
 213 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Exhibit No. Description Form File Number Date of Filing Exhibit/Annex Number Reference 2.2 
 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 16, 2021, by and among Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V, Plutus Merger Sub Inc. and Social Finance, Inc. 
 8-K 001-39606 March 16, 2021 2.1 2.3 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of April 6, 2020, by and among Social Finance, Inc., SFI Acquisition Co., Inc., SFI Financial Technologies LLC, and Shareholder Representative Services LLC 
 S-1 333-257092 June 14, 2021 2.3 2.4 + 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of February 19, 2022, by and among SoFi Technologies, Inc., Technisys S.A., Atom New Delaware, Inc., Atom Merger Sub Corporation and Fortis Advisors LLC, as representative 
 8-K 001-39606 February 24, 2022 2.1 3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation of SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 8-K 001-39606 June 4, 2021 3.1 3.2 
 By-Laws of SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 8-K 001-39606 June 4, 2021 3.2 4.1 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 S-4/A 333-252009 February 10, 2021 4.6 4.2 
 Form of Amended and Restated Warrant to Purchase Stock, by and among SoFi Technologies, Inc., Social Finance, Inc. and the Investor named therein 
 S-4 333-252009 January 11, 2021 Annex M 4.3 
 Indenture, dated as of October 4, 2021, between SoFi Technologies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee 
 8-K 001-39606 October 4, 2021 4.1 4.4 
 Form of Note representing the 0.00 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (included as Exhibit A) 
 8-K 001-39606 October 4, 2021 4.2 4.5 
 Description of Registered Securities 
 10-K 001-39606 March 1, 2022 4.5 10.1 
 Form of Confirmation for Capped Call Transactions 
 8-K 001-39606 October 4, 2021 10.1 10.2 
 Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and forms of agreement thereunder 
 10-Q 001-39606 November 9, 2022 10.1 10.3 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, by and between the Registrant and the undersigned subscriber party thereto 
 S-4 333-252009 January 11, 2021 Annex D 10.4 
 Shareholders Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2021, by and among the Registrant, SCH Sponsor V LLC, and the parties identified on the signature pages thereto 
 8-K 001-39606 June 4, 2021 10.4 10.5 
 Amended and Restated Series 1 Preferred Stock Investors Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2021, by and among the Registrant and the investors listed on Schedule 1 thereto 
 S-4 333-252009 January 11, 2021 Annex H 10.6 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2021, by and among the Registrant, SCH Sponsor V LLC, certain former stockholders of Social Finance, Inc., as set forth on Schedule 1 thereto, Jay Parikh, Jennifer Dulski and the parties set forth on Schedule 2 thereto 
 8-K 001-39606 June 4, 2021 10.5 10.7 
 Series 1 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2021, by and among the Registrant and certain former stockholders of Social Finance, Inc., as set forth on Schedule 1 thereto 
 8-K 001-39606 June 4, 2021 10.6 10.8 
 Social Finance, Inc. 2011 Stock Plan and forms of agreements thereunder 
 S-4 333-252009 January 11, 2021 10.17 1 0.9 
 Director Deferred Compensation Plan of SoFi Technologies, Inc., effective as of January 1, 2023 
 10-Q 001-39606 
 May 10, 2023 
 10.1 
 10.10 
 Stadium Complex Cornerstone Naming Rights and Sponsorship Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2019, by and between Stadco LA, LLC and Social Finance, Inc. 
 S-1 333-257092 June 14, 2021 10.12 10.11 
 First Amendment to Stadium Complex Cornerstone Naming Rights and Sponsorship Agreement 
 10-Q 001-39606 November 9, 2022 10.2 10.1 2 
 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated April 28, 2023, among SoFi Technologies, Inc., the lenders party thereto, the issuing banks party thereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent 
 10-Q 001-39606 
 May 10, 2023 
 10.2 
 
 214 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Exhibit No. Description Form File Number Date of Filing Exhibit/Annex Number Reference 10.13 
 Office Lease One Tehama, dated as of August 6, 2018, by and between 246 First Street (SF) Owner LLC and Social Finance, Inc. 
 S-1 333-257092 June 14, 2021 10.14 10.14 
 First Amendment to Office Lease One Tehama, dated as of March 28, 2019, by and between 246 First Street (SF) Owner LLC and Social Finance, Inc. 
 S-1 333-257092 June 14, 2021 10.15 10.15 
 Amended and Restated Offer of Employment Letter dated as of February 26, 2018 by and between Social Finance, Inc. and Anthony Noto 
 S-1 333-257092 June 14, 2021 10.16 10.16 
 Offer Letter dated as of May 29, 2018 by and between Social Finance, Inc. and Christopher Lapointe 
 S-1 333-257092 June 14, 2021 10.17 10.17 
 CFO Promotion Letter dated as of September 14, 2020 by and between Social Finance, Inc. and Christopher Lapointe 
 S-1 333-257092 June 14, 2021 10.18 10.18 
 Offer Letter, dated as of June 22, 2021, by and between Social Finance, Inc. and Chad Borton 
 10-Q 001-39606 
 May 10, 2023 
 10.3 
 10.19 
 Offer Letter, dated as of April 21, 2022, by and between Social Finance, Inc. and Jeremy Rishel 
 10-Q 001-39606 
 May 10, 2023 
 10.4 
 1 0.20 
 Offer Letter, dated as of July 1, 2019, by and between Social Finance, Inc. and Aaron Webster 
 10-Q 001-39606 
 May 10, 2023 
 10.5 
 10.21 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 8-K 001-39606 June 4, 2021 10.1 21 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 97.1 
 Compensation Recovery Policy effective as of October 2, 2023 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) __________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 + Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) or 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 
 Certain confidential portions (indicated by brackets and asterisks) have been omitted from this exhibit. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 215 

SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc. Date: February 27, 2024 /s/ Anthony Noto Anthony Noto Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated as of February 27, 2024. 
 Signatures Title /s/ Anthony Noto Chief Executive Officer Anthony Noto Principal Executive Officer and Director /s/ Christopher Lapointe Chief Financial Officer Christopher Lapointe Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer /s/ Tom Hutton Chairman of the Board of Directors Tom Hutton /s/ Steven Freiberg Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors Steven Freiberg /s/ Michael Bingle Director Michael Bingle /s/ Dana Green 
 Director Dana Green 
 /s/ John Hele 
 Director John Hele 
 /s/ Clara Liang Director Clara Liang /s/ Harvey Schwartz Director Harvey Schwartz /s/ Magdalena Ye il Director Magdalena Ye il 

216 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex21-sofiq423.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 The following are the subsidiaries of SoFi Technologies, Inc. as of December 31, 2023, omitting certain subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate, would not constitute a significant subsidiary. 
 Name 
 State or Other Jurisdiction of Organization Galileo Financial Technologies LLC DE Social Finance Inc. DE SoFi Bank N.A. UT SoFi Lending Corp. CA Pebble Beach SoFi Funding CC I LLC UT SoFi Funding I LLC DE SoFi Funding II LLC DE SoFi Funding III LLC DE SoFi Funding V LLC DE SoFi Funding VI LLC DE SoFi Funding IX LLC CA SoFi Funding X LLC DE SoFi Funding XI LLC DE SoFi Funding XII LLC DE SoFi Funding XIII LLC DE SoFi Funding PL II LLC DE SoFi Funding PL III LLC DE SoFi Funding PL IV LLC DE SoFi Funding PL VI LLC DE SoFi Funding PL X DE SoFi Funding PL XI DE SoFi Funding PL XVI LLC DE SoFi Funding PL XVII LLC DE SoFi Funding PL XVIII LLC DE SoFi Funding PL XIX LLC DE 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 ex23-sofiq423.htm
 EX-23

Document 
 Exhibit 23 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-257092, 333-263277, and 333-266180 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos . 333-270659, 333-258531 and 333-267387 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 27, 2024, relating to the financial statements of SoFi Technologies, Inc. and the effectiveness of SoFi Technologies, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 San Francisco, California 
 February 27, 2024 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex311-sofiq423.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Anthony Noto, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 27, 2024 s Anthony Noto Anthony Noto Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex312-sofiq423.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Christopher Lapointe, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SoFi Technologies, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 27, 2024 s Christopher Lapointe Christopher Lapointe Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex321-sofiq423.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of SoFi Technologies, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Anthony Noto, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 27, 2024 s Anthony Noto Anthony Noto Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex322-sofiq423.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of SoFi Technologies, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Christopher Lapointe, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 27, 2024 s Christopher Lapointe Christopher Lapointe Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 8
 ex971-compensationrecovery.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 

SOFI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY 
 Adopted as of October 2, 2023 
 SoFi Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), has adopted a Compensation Recovery Policy (this Policy as described below. 
 1. Overview 
 The Policy sets forth the circumstances and procedures under which the Company shall recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation from Covered Persons (as defined below) in accordance with rules issued by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and the Nasdaq Stock Market. Please refer to Section 3 below for definitions of capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein. 
 2. Compensation Recovery Requirement 
 In the event the Company is required to prepare a Financial Restatement, the Company shall reasonably promptly recover all Erroneously Awarded Compensation with respect to such Financial Restatement, and each Covered Person shall be required to take all actions necessary to enable such recovery. 
 3. Definitions 
 a. Applicable Recovery Period means with respect to a Financial Restatement, the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the Restatement Date for such Financial Restatement. In addition, in the event the Company has changed its fiscal year (i) any transition period of less than nine months occurring within or immediately following such three completed fiscal years shall also be part of such Applicable Recovery Period and (ii) any transition period of nine to 12 months will be deemed to be a completed fiscal year. 
 b. Applicable Rules means any rules or regulations adopted by the Exchange pursuant to Rule 10D-1 under the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or regulations adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 10D of the Exchange Act. 
 c. Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 d. Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board or, in the absence of such committee, a majority of independent directors serving on the Board. 
 e. A Covered Person means any Executive Officer and any Executive Staff. A person s status as a Covered Person with respect to Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall be determined as of the time of receipt of such Erroneously Awarded Compensation regardless of the person s current role or status with the 
 1 

Company (e.g., if a person began service as an Executive Officer or Executive Staff member after the beginning of an Applicable Recovery Period, that person would not be considered a Covered Person with respect to Erroneously Awarded Compensation received before the person began service as an Executive Officer or Executive Staff member, but would be considered a Covered Person with respect to Erroneously Awarded Compensation received after the person began service as an Executive Officer or Executive Staff member where such person served as an Executive Officer or Executive Staff member at any time during the performance period for such Erroneously Awarded Compensation). 
 f. Effective Date means October 2, 2023. 
 g. Erroneously Awarded Compensation means, with respect to a Financial Restatement, the amount of any Incentive-Based Compensation received by a Covered Person on or after the Effective Date during the Applicable Recovery Period that exceeds the amount that otherwise would have been received by the Covered Person had such compensation been determined based on the restated amounts in the Financial Restatement, computed without regard to any taxes paid. Calculation of Erroneously Awarded Compensation with respect to Incentive-Based Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in a Financial Restatement, shall be based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Financial Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation was received, and the Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of such reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the Exchange in accordance with the Applicable Rules. 
 h. Exchange means The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. 
 i. An Executive Officer means any person who served the Company in any of the following roles, received Incentive-Based Compensation after beginning service in any such role (regardless of whether such Incentive-Based Compensation was received during or after such person s service in such role) and served in such role at any time during the performance period for such Incentive-Based Compensation the president, the principal financial officer, the principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller), any vice president in charge of a principal business unit, division or function (such as sales, administration or finance), any other officer who performs a policy making function, or any other person who performs similar policy making functions for the Company. Executive officers of parents or subsidiaries of the Company may be deemed executive officers of the Company if they perform such policy making functions for the Company. 
 j. Executive Staff means any person who (i) served in a Company role that reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer and (ii) is either an executive vice president in charge of a group of business units, is a division or function chief executive, or is an officer who performs a policy making function and such person received Incentive Based Compensation after beginning service in such role (regardless of whether such 
 2 

Incentive-Based Compensation was received during or after such person s service in such role) and served in such role at any time during the performance period for such Incentive-Based Compensation. 
 k. Financial Reporting Measures mean measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures (including, for example, a non-GAAP financial measure), and stock price and total shareholder return. 
 l. A Financial Restatement means an accounting restatement of previously issued financial statements of the Company due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously-issued financial statements that is material to the previously-issued financial statements or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 
 m. Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation provided, directly or indirectly, by the Company or any of its subsidiaries that is granted, earned, or vested based, in whole or in part, upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. Incentive-Based Compensation is deemed received, earned or vested when the Financial Reporting Measure is attained, not when the actual payment, grant or vesting occurs. 
 n. Restatement Date means, with respect to a Financial Restatement, the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Board or the Audit Committee of the Board concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare the Financial Restatement or (ii) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare the Financial Restatement. 
 4. Exception to Compensation Recovery Requirement 
 The Company may elect not to recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation pursuant to this Policy if the Committee determines that recovery would be impracticable, and one or more of the following conditions, together with any further requirements set forth in the Applicable Rules, are met (i) the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered, and the Company has made a reasonable attempt to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation or (ii) recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax qualified retirement plan to fail to be so qualified under applicable regulations. 
 5. Tax Considerations 
 To the extent that, pursuant to this Policy, the Company is entitled to recover any Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is received by a Covered Person, the gross amount received (i.e., the amount the Covered Person received, or was entitled to receive, before any deductions for tax withholding or other payments) shall be returned by the Covered Person. 
 3 

6. Method of Compensation Recovery 
 The Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion, the method for recovering Erroneously Awarded Compensation hereunder, which may include, without limitation, any one or more of the following 
 a. requiring reimbursement of cash Incentive-Based Compensation previously paid 
 b. seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer or other disposition of any equity-based awards 
 c. cancelling or rescinding some or all outstanding vested or unvested equity-based awards 
 d. adjusting or withholding from unpaid compensation or other set-off 
 e. cancelling or setting-off against planned future grants of equity-based awards and or 
 f. any other method permitted by applicable law or contract. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Covered Person will be deemed to have satisfied such person s obligation to return Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company if such Erroneously Awarded Compensation is returned in the exact same form in which it was received provided that equity withheld to satisfy tax obligations will be deemed to have been received in cash in an amount equal to the tax withholding payment made. 
 7. Policy Interpretation 
 This Policy shall be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the Applicable Rules and any other applicable law and shall otherwise be interpreted (including in the determination of amounts recoverable) in the business judgment of the Committee. The Committee shall take into consideration any applicable interpretations and guidance of the SEC in interpreting this Policy, including, for example, in determining whether a financial restatement qualifies as a Financial Restatement hereunder. To the extent the Applicable Rules require recovery of Incentive-Based Compensation in additional circumstances besides those specified above, nothing in this Policy shall be deemed to limit or restrict the right or obligation of the Company to recover Incentive Based Compensation to the fullest extent required by the Applicable Rules. This Policy shall be deemed to be automatically amended, as of the date the Applicable Rules become effective with respect to the Company, to the extent required for this Policy to comply with the Applicable Rules. 
 8. Policy Administration 
 This Policy shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee shall have such powers and authorities related to the administration of this Policy as are consistent with the governing documents of the Company and applicable law. The Committee shall have full power and authority to take, or direct the taking of, all actions and to make all determinations required or 
 4 

provided for under this Policy and shall have full power and authority to take, or direct the taking of, all such other actions and make all such other determinations not inconsistent with the specific terms and provisions of this Policy that the Committee deems to be necessary or appropriate to the administration of this Policy. The interpretation and construction by the Committee of any provision of this Policy and all determinations made by the Committee under this policy shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 9. Compensation Recovery Repayments not Subject to Indemnification 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any agreement with, or the organizational documents of, the Company or any of its subsidiaries, Covered Persons are not entitled to indemnification for Erroneously Awarded Compensation recovered under this Policy and, to the extent any such agreement or organizational document purports to provide otherwise, Covered Persons hereby irrevocably agree to forego such indemnification. 
 5 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 sofi-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 sofi-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 sofi-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 sofi-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 sofi-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

